Trina (688599): leading the global distribution market, strengthening the integrated layout, Trina.
The company is an overall solution to photovoltaic energy, and its main business consists of photovoltaic products, photovoltaic systems, and intelligent energy. The company is GIG, created in 1997, and the company is a company called GIG.
Veterinary component production leads the industry of 600w plus large-size photovoltaic component products, public services covered the development, production and sale of photovoltaic components in 2021, power stations, and the distribution of components to global markets accounted for about 15 per cent of the total, with clear distribution channels, and delivery accounted for the company's revenues.
And systems products, photovoltaic power and transport services, smart microscopics, more than 60%. By 2021, the company ' s battery/assembly capacity was around 35/50gw, and the company was accelerating the development and marketing of networks and multi-energy systems and energy sources.
The industry’s re-profit distribution has been gradual, and the components are profitable enough to recover. The components are branded and channeled.
On the one hand, the component products need to be stable for 25 years, branding the project's availability, end-user stability for the component's quality, and the ability of the enterprise to maintain its quality. On the other hand, the component enterprises are directly oriented towards downstream end-users and provide energy solutions.
At the same time, the release of additional production capacity for silicon will ease current supply constraints, and by the end of 2022, the domestic multi-crysilica capacity will reach 2.25 million tons at the beginning of the year, with a significant excess supply of silicon, which is expected to be significantly higher.
Downwards in the middle and downstream will benefit directly, especially from the concessionary pressure of component firms on downstream power plants, which will be reduced and reelastic for profit. In view of the downward trend in upstream industrial chains, the bulk of the component chain will rise.
Total equity/flowa shares (millions) are the component enterprises with the highest distribution ratios, with significant distribution channels having the advantage of opening up the luminous distribution of companies b/h shares (millions)
At the same time, the company’s dynamic N-type route, with the Qinghai base completed, will build the firm’s relative competitiveness in terms of R & D and costs. We believe that the public sector, as one of the leading companies in the light-blowing component, will continue to take the lead based on the global layout and branding advantages.
A global distributed market for photovoltaic components, coupled with the company’s active development of the scaffolding, storage and photovoltaic systems industries, with a high degree of synergy with the component brands and channels, will contribute to the company’s second and third growth poles.
Acidine Light Energy (688599): leading the global distributed market, strengthening the integrated layout 1. Integrated solution provider for positioning photovoltaic energy, Acid Light, was established in 1997. Its operations include, inter alia, research and development, production and marketing of photovoltaic components, power stations and systems products, photovoltaic power generation and transport dimensions.
Services, development and marketing of smart micronets and multi-energy systems, and operation of energy cloud platforms can be classified by business category into three business categories: photovoltaic products, photovoltaic systems, and smart energy. At present, the output of company components is steady in the first echelons, with a further increase in global occupancy rates, while companies continue to break down downstream in light-volt power stations and storage, ensuring the diversification of corporate operations and working to become the global leader in the energy mix of light-voltage intelligence.
From 2018 to 2021, the company’s operating income increased from 25,054 million yuan to 44,480 million yuan.
In terms of income structure, the company collected more than 70% of its photovoltaic components in 2019-2021, and the component products were the cornerstone of the company’s exhibition: both its photovoltaic operations and its smart energy operations were growing at the same time. In terms of profitability, in recent years, the profit margin in the lower-middle and lower-stream segments has been squeezed by rising prices of raw materials such as silicon, and the company’s overall Māori ratio has been declining since 2019.
In the future, as the prices of upstream silicon material fall, the re-distribution of profits in the industry approaches, the ability of the photovoltaic component to make a single-watt profit is expected to continue to increase, and the company’s performance is expected to grow steadily, with a build-up of the company’s capacity to store and support its operations.
Figure 5: The Māori ratio of the Tsikyo energy main product The shareholders in the company and the actual control of the company are the founder, Kishvan and the Gzivian couple, together holding 34.55% of the shares. Chairman Gokivan has a keen business mind and a strong cool decision-making power in the photovoltaic industry, and under his leadership, the Tsikhoon energy has been growing steadily and has remained at the top of the component industry.
The company's senior management team is also experienced and highly specialized, and Deputy General Manager Feng Zhiqiang has been the engineering engineer for the production process in the United States of America, the United States of America, the project manager for the production process in the United States of America, and the senior research and development engineer, among others, who, as of 2022, q2, as the actual controller of the company, held 16.24 per cent of the company's shares directly in the same line.
Motivator totals 34.55 per cent of direct and indirect holdings, the founders have a sound equity structure that effectively enhances the efficiency of the company's operations and ensures the viability of decision-making.
2.1 The brand + channel has long-term sedimentation of the protected river, and differentiation becomes a key to development. Seal a certain number of single cells in a stringed and combined manner, i.e., form solar cell assemblies, which, in addition to batteries, require the use of materials such as glass, backboards, film, borders, welding, wire-wiring boxes, etc. The photovoltaic component is the core component of the solar power system and it will be too much.
The light energy of the sun is directly converted into electricity, and the quality of the components' encapsulation determines the useful life and reliability of the solar battery components. The production process of the components typically consists of seven steps, namely, welding, lacquering, layering, frameing, sequestering, wire boxing, testing. The components are always considered by the market to be the lower barriers to entry in the light-volved industrial chain.
The industry road map (2021 editions) shows investments in silicon, silicon, silicon, battery, and component unit gw equipment of $3.64, 156, 225, 63 million, respectively. The visible investment intensity is indeed smaller than in the other three, with lower financial thresholds to enter. At the same time, the production of the component chain is mainly a wrapping process, with shorter production cycles, new production lines take only three to six months, relatively low technical thresholds to enter and low profits, leading to a general market recognition of components.
But the fact is that brands, channels, are the largest core competitiveness of component companies and moats. On the one hand, components require 25 years of steady operation, brands influence the financing of projects, and end-users have higher requirements for quality stability of components and the ability of firms to maintain them: on the other hand, component enterprises.
Directly towards downstream end-users is the portal to energy solutions with a certain toc attribute. Since 2015, it can be seen that, despite changes in the ranking of enterprises, the top 10 business lists have been stable, with no new entrants except for Lungi, showing a certain industry entry threshold and stability. Second, according to the concentration of the component industry, components 2019-2021 are cr5 respectively, according to pvinfo data.
42.8%/55.1%/63.4% show that the concentration of the industry has increased in recent years as leading firms became more dominant in terms of branding and channels.
From homogenization to differentiation, the development of the n-tech + distributed market is expected to lead to a product premium. The photovoltaic sector has been considered a standardized product with a high degree of homogenization, lack of bargaining power up and down, and the industry can only collide costs.
Topcon, hjt stacks, which can be introduced in the future to customers with different applications, such as household, business, etc., to convert efficiency and outward-looking design. Differentiated design, light quantification, product power, size, conversion efficiency, etc., will be key to meeting distributed demand for a given scenario, or to achieving a product premium.
Figure 9: Crystal Energy Colored Steels, Source of Eastern Finance, Figure 10: Saijinabc Series
Figure 11: The re-distribution of profits in the Trina Energy Series 2.2 industry is gradually approaching, with a ten-year winding cycle of photovoltaics leading to a rapid growth in demand for the components under the component profit-repairable “double carbon” target. To achieve the zero carbon target, the pace of global energy transformation is positive
At an accelerated pace, there are now over 130 countries and regions around the world that have declared carbon neutrality and targets, established renewable energy-based energy systems, and achieved green and renewable development that have become a global consensus and will continue to grow rapidly in the context of a global increase in the share of renewable energy consumption. We expect a global increase of 240-260gw in light voltage in 2022 and will continue to grow at about 60gw per year over the next few years.
It is expected that the additional global load will reach 400-440gw in 2025, with a combined increase of about 27%. The growth of the photovoltaics will drive the photovoltaic component, and the current silicon chain will earn over-profits from the tight dividends. In 21 years, the price of silicon has risen by more than 200%, and the demand from overseas has also driven upstream since this year. Silicon prices have continued to rise, and now exceed $300/kg, bringing the price of silicon to a new high of 10 years, with most of the major silicon enterprises also owning more than 60%.
High levels of Maori are the source of wealth and wisdom in the East. In the context of a significant increase in production downstream of light, on the one hand, the investment in silicon is larger, with an investment of about $100,000 per tonne per unit, and on the other hand, the expansion of silicon is more expensive than the rest, and on the other hand, silicon is a chemical product, with a more complex production process and expansion.
It often takes a one-and-a-half to two-year extension cycle and is subject to energy consumption targets, while battery and component production lines are ready for production for three to six months, longer extension cycles result in output expansion lagging behind other links, price hikes under supply bottlenecks, and industry profits flow mostly to silicon chains since 2021.
The release of additional production capacity for silicon will ease the current supply tension, the heavy distribution of profits in the industry has been gradual and the components are profitable enough to repair. According to the Silicon Industry Branch, by the end of 2022, domestic multi-crystal silicon capacity will increase by 1.4 times from 520,000 tons at the beginning of the year.
Silicon is expected to remain a relatively strong link in the distribution of profits this year, but the strength is either marginal or will ease. The supply of polycrystal silicon in the second half of next year will be significantly overstretch, when silicon prices are expected to rebound to a significant extent, and the weighting of profits in the industry is gradually increasing.
The level of single-watt net profit is low, with single-watt net profit for integrated enterprises such as Crystal, Crystal and Sky Convergence in 2021 of $0.07/0.02/0.06 respectively, assuming that, under the single-chain price reduction trend, the component chain would increase in real terms.
3.1 The advantages of distribution channels are compounded by a sharp market insight, the helper company leads the distributed market, has distributed genes, and the distribution channels have a significant advantage. Skylight was the first to start with the production of metal curtain walls, aluminium ornamental materials and fluorocarbon spray materials, and the downstream customers of the early company's construction materials were also household households and commercial buildings, overlapping with the current distributed photovoltaic customers, while building them at the same time.
The materials and distributed photovoltaic operations have toc properties, and the company’s early operations have accumulated the genes for developing distributed photovoltaics, laying the foundation for the company’s subsequent development of photo-voltaic and fabric applications. At the same time, the company has established a global distribution system and, to date, the company has established regional headquarters in Zurich, Switzerland, the United States of America, Felipe, Miami, Dubai, Singapore, and Tokyo, Japan, and has established regional headquarters in Australia, South Korea, India, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey,
Countries such as Italy, Germany, Spain, the United Kingdom, South Africa, Brazil, Chile, Colombia and Mexico have set up global marketing and service centres, establishing overseas production and manufacturing bases in Thailand, Viet Nam, and operating in more than 100 countries and regions around the world. Companies are the first component of distribution, with 39% of corporate distribution in 2021.
The source of financial growth in the East (688599): leading the global distributed market, strengthening the integrated layout, large business markets, etc., while distribution is mainly aimed at end-use markets, including end-business households.
In terms of product structure, companies have been proactive in adjusting the layout, and companies are one of the ones with large earlier configurations of large-scale components. In 2020, companies pioneered the launch of an industry based on 210 mm.
The high power of silicon silicon is leading the photovoltaic component industry into the 600w+ age. In 2021, the company ' s 210 components delivered more than 16gw, up to 65 per cent of the total, were the largest-scale manufacturers in the country and were expected to grow up to 85 per cent throughout 2022. By the end of 2021, the company ' s components produced 50gw, with 210 large-sizes producing more than 70 per cent of the total, and new expansion capacity.
Strategic planning to move into large-scale markets allows companies to enjoy the cost advantages and premiums associated with large sizes at an earlier stage, pre-empting the market share. According to the East’s financial booming source, pvinfolink, the global output of 210 components in 2021 was about 26gw and 182 components was about 38gw, of which Skylight was able to deliver.
In product development, the company’s end-c market is sensitive to market demand, and captures the lead in developing differentiated new products. Companies are based mainly on a 210-sized series of products, using innovative layout designs, multi-frontier technology, folding undamaged cutting, high-density sealing, etc.
The company ' s vertexs series, with its advanced design philosophy and excellent product experience, has succeeded in winning the name of "Oscar" in the design world.
The International Industrial Design Award – the Reddot Red Dot Award, the Red Dot Design Award – is the most professional and authoritative top-level design award in the world, along with the German and United States Design Award and the World’s Three High-Industrial Design Award, and marks the world-wide recognition of the company’s design products. In April 2022, the company launched its first 210r series of products to optimize its product experience for overseas-distributed households with roofs and various business scenes.
The series, using the new generation 210r silicon cell technology and innovative component design, is based on a re-upgrading of the 210-upgrading product technology platform, with a single video component power up to 30w, with the top-up power up to 435w, and the top 550w product up to 580w, with the most high component efficiency of 21.8%, with a significant power advantage in the same layout in the overseas distributed market.
Figure 19: Family product chart of the 210th to the highest. Figure 20: The vertex series, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
3.2 Fulfill N-type route, enhanced and integrated layout The company's current production capacity structure is inverted pyramids with more output of components, followed by batteries, while silicon and silicon self-supply rates are low. As of 2021, the company's battery/assembly production capacity is about 35/50gw, and the battery/assembly production capacity is expected to reach 50/65gw in 22 years.
In November 2020, Trina worked strategically with the shares of Tongwei to invest in multiple silicone, pull sticks – slices, batteries. Since then, Trina has been involved in the multi-silic silicon field in the form of equity participation, and has expanded the share of silicon.
South Asian integrated production capacity-building to avoid the risks of trade sanctions. The company now has a combined capacity of 6gw battery and component units in Viet Nam and Thailand, with a capacity from silicon silicon from silicon to group price integration in Viet Nam until the delivery of the 6.5gw210r silicon project in 2023q1.
In April 2022, Trina launched the 8gwtopcon battery project. In June, the company issued an announcement that it intended to invest 300,000 tons of industrial silicon, 150,000 tons of high purity silicon, 35gw single crystalline silicon, 10gw slices, 10gw batteries, 10gw components, and 15gw components.
The project is being implemented in two phases, with construction officially started in 2022 and is expected to be completed by the end of 2025. From industrial silicon to components and accessories, the sky is being integrated over a long period of time, based on the extension of the industrial chain and the construction of a competitive cost advantage, on the one hand, and with the aim of increasing the competitive position of the next generation of n batteries through the expansion of production Auxiliary N batteries, on the other.
Figure 22: 2023 Estimation of self-supply rates for the Tsi-Team links, 3.3 layouts to track support, storage to build new growth points, and development in synergy with the diversification of component operations
In May 2018, Trina acquired 51% of the netlave stock of Sibang's famous locomotives. In September 2020, Trina acquired 49% of the netlave's share. When the two acquisitions were completed, Nclave became a fully-owned subsidiary of the company, and the company then undertook a brand-new plan to track the branding of the staircase business, changing the Chinese brand to “Tianjin”
The English brand name is changed to “Trinatracker.” The firm technological innovation in tracking the staircase products, the continuous turnover of the products, and the introduction of the new pioneer 1p with 600w+ super-power component products are suitable for wide flat terrain and larger areas of wind and sand. Pathfinder 2p applies to hard geological and agro-light projects, while Antx1 applies to irregular terrain due to the short staircases.
The company tracks the staircase operations, which, on the one hand, have a strong product iterative capacity, and, on the other hand, has a strong synergy with high-power component products compared to other strategists in a single industry, which can co-operate with power station solutions for customers and share resources such as the company’s global supply chain system, global marketing layout, etc. The company tracks the staircase series of products that are now certified by the European Renewable Energy Certification Standard.
In addition to components and scaffolding-related product operations, companies are actively extending the business chain to storage smart solutions. In the first half of 2022, companies stored their assets.
In the future, the company will take advantage of its global branding channels, continue to expand its overseas high-quality household stocks, and become a client, and make a breakthrough and make a sustained delivery in priority markets such as the United Kingdom. The company will build on a three-pronged solution service based on efficient components, intelligent tracking of support frames, and power station development capabilities, and will continue to provide clients with management services from project development, design, procurement to construction.
4. Profit forecast versus valuation analysis Income split forecast as shown in table 4. We believe that companies, as one of the leading companies in photovoltaic components, are based on global layout channels and brand advantages.
The global market for distributed photovoltaic components will continue to run, while companies are actively developing their scaffolding, storage, and photovoltaic systems operations, with a high degree of synergy with component brands and channels. It is hoped that this will be accompanied by rapid growth and rapid growth of the industry’s new loaders, with the first coverage, giving companies a “recommended” rating.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the depth of East Hing's securities report.
Trina (688599): Leading the global distributed market, strengthening the integrated layout
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.