Trina (688032): leading the global segment market, reinforcing the integrated layout, and Trina.
The company is an overall solution to photovoltaic energy, and its main business consists of photovoltaic products, photovoltaic systems, and intelligent energy. The company is the Global Trina Photoenergy Company, founded in 1997 and owned by the World Wide Web.
Photovoltaic component production leading industry with 600w plus large-scale photovoltaic component products, 2021, covering research and development, production and marketing of photovoltaic components, power stations, global market share of company component sales, with clear distribution channels and delivery of goods to company camps
And systems products, photovoltaic power and transport services, development and marketing of smart micronets and multi-energy systems, and energy clouding received more than 60%. By 2021, the company ' s battery/assembly capacity was about 35/50gw.
The heavy profit distribution in the industry has been gradual, and the components have been profitablely restored. The components are branded and channeled.
On the one hand, the component product needs 25 years of steady operation, branding, project financing, end-users have a high degree of quality stability, and the ability of the enterprise to maintain quality.
Q: On the other hand, the component company, which directs itself to the end-users of the downstream power station, is the portal to the energy solution, with a certain toc properties. At the same time, the release of additional production capacity in silicon will ease the current supply constraints. According to the Silicon branch, by the end of 2022, the country's multi-crystal silicon capacity will be available from the beginning of this year.
It will reach 2.25 million tons, with a significant excess supply of polycrystal silicon, when the price of silicon is expected to fall to a significant extent, with direct benefits for the middle and downstream, especially in terms of subservient pressure from component companies on downstream power plants, which will be relieved and profitable elasticity periods. Keep in mind the upward downward trend in the chain of industry, the component chain will increase exponentially.
Distribution channels pre-empt and reinforce the N-type integrated production and energy layout. Companies have established a global distribution system, which is the first component of distribution, and significant distribution channels have an advantage in opening up the company's photovoltaic distribution b/h shares (million shares)
At the same time, the company’s dynamic N-type route, with the Qinghai base completed, will build the firm’s relative competitiveness in terms of R & D and costs. We believe that the public sector, as one of the leading companies in the light-blowing component, will continue to take the lead based on the global layout and branding advantages.
A global distributed market for photovoltaic components, coupled with the firm’s active development of the staircase, storage power, and photovoltaic systems industries, with a high degree of synergy with component brands and channels, will contribute to the company’s second and third growth poles.
Trina Light Energy (688032): leading the global distributed market, strengthening the integrated layout 1. Integrated solution provider for positioning photovoltaic energy in general, and Trina Light Energy in general, established in 1997, deals mainly with research and development, production and marketing of photovoltaic components, power stations and system products, photovoltaic power generation and transport dimensions.
Services, development and marketing of smart micronets and multi-energy systems, and operation of energy cloud platforms can be classified by business category into three business categories: photovoltaic products, photovoltaic systems, and smart energy. At present, the output of company components is steady in the first echelons, with a further increase in global occupancy rates, while companies continue to break down downstream in light-volt power stations and storage, ensuring the diversification of corporate operations and working to become the global leader in the energy mix of light-voltage intelligence.
From 2018 to 2021, the company’s operating income increased from 25,054 million yuan to 44,480 million yuan.
In terms of income structure, the company collected more than 70% of its photovoltaic components in 2019-2021, and the component products were the cornerstone of the company’s exhibition: both its photovoltaic operations and its smart energy operations were growing at the same time. In terms of profitability, in recent years, the profit margin in the lower-middle and lower-stream segments has been squeezed by rising prices of raw materials such as silicon, and the company’s overall Māori ratio has been declining since 2019.
In the future, as the prices of upstream silicon material fall, the re-distribution of profits in the industry approaches, the ability of the photovoltaic component to make a single-watt profit is expected to continue to increase, and the company’s performance is expected to grow steadily, with a build-up of the company’s capacity to store and support its operations.
Figure 4: Revenue from the operation of the Trina products (in thousands of yuan)
With a sharp business mind and a strong cool decision-making capacity, Skylight has been growing steadily under its leadership and has been maintained at the first echelons of the component industry. The company’s executive team is also experienced and highly specialized, and Vice-Director General Feng Chiqiang has been a career engineer in the U.S. Ballsemiconductortd. Japan’s branch product processor, project manager in the U.S. Ballsemicondutoric.
In terms of equity structure, as of 2022 q2, as the actual controlling person of the company, Gokifan held 16.24 per cent of the company's shares directly, acting in concert with 34.55 per cent of the total direct and indirect holdings, and the founder's equity structure was reasonable and could effectively enhance the efficiency of the company's operations and ensure the implementation of its decision-making.
2. Brand + Channels build barriers to component competition and re-distribute profits in the industry.
2.1 The brand + channel has long-term sedimentation of the protected river, and differentiation becomes a key to development. Seal a certain number of single cells in a stringed and combined manner, i.e., form solar cell assemblies, which, in addition to batteries, require the use of materials such as glass, backboards, film, borders, welding, wire-wiring boxes, etc. The photovoltaic component is the core component of the solar power system and it will be too much.
The light energy of the sun is directly converted into electrical energy, and the quality of the components' encapsulation determines the useful life and reliability of the solar cell components.
The component chain has been considered by the market as a lower barrier to entry in the light-voltage industrial chain. In terms of investment intensity, according to the cpia Road Map for the Light-voltage Industry in China (2021 edition), silicon, silicon, battery, and component unit gw equipment were invested in 3.64, 1.56, 225, and 63 million yuan, respectively.
The production cycle is also short, with new production lines taking only three to six months, relatively low technology thresholds and low profits, leading to a general perception in the market of components as “a low industry entry threshold without a moat.” But, in fact, brands, channels are the largest core competitiveness of component companies and moats. On the one hand, components require 25 years of steady operation.
Brands influence the financing of projects, and end-users have higher requirements for component quality stability and corporate quality assurance; on the other hand, component enterprises directly target downstream end-users, providing access to energy solutions with certain toc attributes. Since 2015, it can be seen that the top 10 business lists are stable, with the exception of Lungi, where there are no new entrants to the top five, showing some industry evolution.
Second, according to the concentration of the component industry, the 2019-2021 component cr5 is 42.8%/55.1%/63.4%, according to pvinfo data, which shows that the concentration of the industry has been a source of financial prosperity in recent years, as leading firms have become more dominant in terms of brands, channels, etc.
Table 2: The ranking of firms in the 2012-2021 components from homogenization to differentiation, the development of an iterative and distributed market in the N-type technology, with product premiums expected from the differentiation of components. The photovoltaic sector component has been considered a standardized product, with high product homogenization, lack of bargaining power up and down, and the industry can only collide costs.
The rapid development of technology and distributed markets or the competition patterns that are reshaping components, e.g., front-of-line ibc technologies that can be added to Topcon, hjt, and that can be introduced in the future for customers with different applications such as home use, business, etc., and that can shift efficiency and external design and heavy-weight products. Differentiated design, light quantification, product power, size, conversion efficiency, etc., to meet the distributional needs of specific scenarios.
Figure 8: Lungi shares hipo5m (m10 silicon coupled with 54 versions of ADS)
The source of financial prosperity in the East is shown in figure 10: The Seine abc series.
2.2 The heavy profit distribution in the industry is gradually approaching, with a ten-year winding cycle of photovoltaics leading to rapid demand growth for the components under the component-for-profit fixable “double carbon” target. To achieve the zero carbon target, the pace of the global energy transition is accelerating, with more than 130 countries and territories globally now declaring carbon neutral and targeting, and establishing renewable energy-based energy systems to achieve it.
Green development has become a global consensus, and the growth of new wind-loaders worldwide will continue to grow rapidly in the larger context of a global increase in the share of renewable energy consumption. We expect that in 2022 there will be 240-260gw of additional light-voltage installed worldwide and will continue to grow at an average annual rate of 60gw over the next few years, with 400-440gw installed globally in 2025, with a combined increase of about 27%.
Figure 12: Global photovoltaic additions forecast the current silicon chain to earn over-profits based on tight dividends. Over 21 years, silicon prices rose by more than 200 per cent, and since this year, high demand from overseas has driven upstream, silicon prices have continued to rise, and the price of silicon is now over $300/kg, a decade higher, with most of the major silicon enterprises owning more than 60 per cent.
High levels of Maori are the source of wealth and wisdom in the East. In the context of a significant increase in production downstream of light, on the one hand, the investment in silicon is larger, with an investment of about $100,000 per tonne per unit, and on the other hand, the expansion of silicon is more expensive than the rest, and on the other hand, silicon is a chemical product, with a more complex production process and expansion.
It often takes a one-and-a-half to two-year extension cycle and is subject to energy consumption targets, while battery and component production lines are ready for production for three to six months, with longer extension cycles leading to output expansion lagging behind other links, price spikes under supply bottlenecks, and industry profits flow mostly to silicon.
The release of additional production capacity for silicon will ease the current supply tension, the heavy distribution of profits in the industry has been gradual and the components are profitable enough to repair. According to the Silicon Industry Branch, by the end of 2022, domestic multi-crystal silicon capacity will increase by 1.4 times from 520,000 tons at the beginning of the year.
Silicon is expected to remain a relatively strong link in the distribution of profits this year, but the strength is either marginal or will ease. The supply of polycrystal silicon in the second half of next year will be significantly overstretch, when silicon prices are expected to rebound to a significant extent, and the weighting of profits in the industry is gradually increasing.
The level of single-watt net profit is low, with single-watt net profit for integrated enterprises such as Crystal, Crystal and Sky Convergence in 2021 of $0.07/0.02/0.06 respectively, assuming that, under the single-chain price reduction trend, the component chain would increase in real terms.
3.1 The advantages of distribution channels are compounded by a sharp market insight, the helper company leads the distributed market, has distributed genes, and the distribution channels have a significant advantage. Skylight was the first to start with the production of metal curtain walls, aluminium ornamental materials and fluorocarbon spray materials, and the downstream customers of the early company's construction materials were also household households and commercial buildings, overlapping with the current distributed photovoltaic customers, while building them at the same time.
The materials and distributed photovoltaic operations have toc properties, and the company’s early operations have accumulated the genes for developing distributed photovoltaics, laying the foundation for the company’s subsequent development of photo-voltaic and fabric applications. At the same time, the company has established a global distribution system and, to date, the company has established regional headquarters in Zurich, Switzerland, the United States of America, Felipe, Miami, Dubai, Singapore, and Tokyo, Japan, and has established regional headquarters in Australia, South Korea, India, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey,
Countries such as Italy, Germany, Spain, the United Kingdom, South Africa, Brazil, Chile, Colombia and Mexico have set up global marketing and service centres, establishing overseas production and manufacturing bases in Thailand, Viet Nam, and operating in more than 100 countries and regions around the world. Companies are the first component of distribution, with 39% of corporate distribution in 2021.
The source of financial growth in the East (688032): leading the global distribution market, strengthening the integrated layout, large business markets, etc., while distribution is mainly directed to end-use markets, including end-business households.
One of the enterprises, with its pre-emptive advantages, has a strong distribution channel advantage that also provides firm foundations for companies to open up a photovoltaic market.
In 2020, the company pioneered the launch of high-power, high-profile components based on 210 mm large silicon tablets, leading the photovoltaic component industry into the 600w+ era.
16gw, up to 65 per cent, is the largest-scale producer in the country, with the company's large-sized components expected to arrive in 2022.
According to pvinfolink, the global output of 210 components in 2021 was about 26gw, and that of 182 components was about 38gw, of which Skylight accounted for 60% of the global output of 210 components and one-quarter of the large-sized components. In product development, the company’s end-c market, with a keen insight into market demand, and a ahead-of-the-board approach, continued to develop differentiated new products.
Based mainly on a 210-sized series of products, the company has introduced 600w+tops based on innovative layout design, multi-frontier technology, folding undamaged cutting, high-density sealing, etc., and is committed to maximizing the value of 600w+super-power components and solutions at the end of the application, currently with a maximum power of 670w.
The company's vertex series of products, based on advanced design ideas and excellent product experience, has succeeded in winning the international industrial design award known as “Oscar” by the design community — the reddot Red Point Award, the world's highest professional and most authoritative top-level design award, together with the German F.A.A. Design Award and the world's three highest-level industrial design awards, marking the worldwide recognition of the company's design product.
In April 2022, the company launched its first 210r series of products to optimize the experience of overseas-distributed households with roofs and various business scenes. The series was designed using a new generation of 210r silicon cell technology and innovative components, based on a re-upgrading of the 210-upgrading technology platform, with a single piece of component power up to 30w, with the highest power up to 435w and up to 550w product up to 580w, with the most efficient components.
A high of 21.8 per cent was achieved, with a significant power advantage in the same layout of the overseas distributed market.
The East’s financial and intellectual booming source of 3.2-power-n-type routes, which strengthens the longer integrated layout of the company’s battery/assembly production capacity of about 35/50gw, is expected to reach 50/65gw in 22 years.
In November 2020, Trina entered into a strategic partnership with the shares of Tonway in the joint investment of multiple silicon, pull-sticks-slice, batteries-related links. As a result, Skylight was able to move into the multi-silicon sector in the form of equity participation and expand the share of silicon.
Integrated capacity-building in South-East Asia to avoid the risk of trade sanctions. The company currently has a combined capacity of 6gw battery and component in Viet Nam and Thailand, and will have overseas capacity to integrate silicon from silicon to group prices until the delivery of the 6.5gw210r silicon silicon project in Viet Nam in 2023q1. Figure 21: 2020-2022e coronation cell and component capacity
In April 2022, Skylight launched the 8gwtopcon battery project. In June, the company announced its intention to invest 300,000 tons of industrial silicon and 150,000 tons of high purity per year in the Xining Economic Technology Development Area.
The seven individual items are planned to be implemented in two phases, with construction officially started in 2022, and are expected to be completed by 2025. From industrial silicon to components, the configuration of the super-long integration is based on the extension of the industrial chain and the construction of a competitive cost advantage, on the one hand, and through expansion, on the other.
Better R & D and higher competitiveness in the next generation of N-type batteries. Source of financial prosperity in the East: Figure 22: 2023e Self-supply estimates for the clusters
3.3 The layout tracks the staircases, the storage of which creates new growth points, in conjunction with the diversification of component operations The technology innovation product, in turn, and the distribution of shared components, and the construction of the company, in which the stubble operations are highly competitive. In May 2018, the Tsikumi acquired 51% of the nclave shares of Sibang, a well-known strategist strategist firm. In September 2020, the Tsikumi acquired the remaining 49% of the nclave shares.
Then, Nclave became a fully-owned subsidiary of the company, and then the company undertook a brand-new plan to track the staircase business, changing the Chinese brand to “Tiancracker”. The English brand changed to “Trinatracker.” The company followed the stubble product with a firm technological innovation, with continuous product rotation, and the new pioneer 1p matched the 600w+superpower component product, which applied to the wider flat terrain and greater sandy areas.
Hard as well as agro-light, light-fishing projects; Angélé 1p, because of its short armings, the flexibility of its layout and its application to an irregular terrain. Company-trace operations, on the one hand, have a strong product overlap and, on the other hand, a strong synergy with high-power component products, can provide power station solutions to customers and can share the company’s global supply chain system,
Resources such as global sales layouts are rapidly opening up markets. The company’s tracking staircase series of products has now been certified by the European Renewable Energy Certification Corporation (ERENA) as a standard, and has landed on successive projects around the world, representing industry’s recognition of the performance of the company’s tracking staircase products.
In the first half of 2022, the company’s reserves were able to achieve a single 100-mwh project in the Chinese market, and in the future the company will take advantage of its global branding channels and continue to expand its high-quality household stocks abroad.
To be a client, to achieve a breakthrough in scale-up in key markets such as the United Kingdom, and to continue to deliver goods. The company will continue to provide clients with a holistic solution from project development, design, procurement, and construction management services, based on an integrated three-pronged solution service of efficient components, intelligent tracking supports, and power station development capacity.
Profit forecast and valuation analysis Income split forecast as shown in table 4. We believe that, as one of the leading companies in the photovoltaic component, based on global layout channels and brand advantages, companies will continue to lead the globally distributed market for photovoltaic components, while companies actively develop their support, storage and photovoltaic systems operations, with component brands and channels.
A high degree of synergy is expected to accompany the rapid growth and growth of the industry’s new loadings, covering for the first time, and giving firms a “recommended” rating. Downstream demand is not as high as expected, competition in the industry increases for products, and the fall in silicon has resulted in a loss of value.
Eung Heung Securities Insight Report (688032): Lead the global distributed market and strengthen the integrated layout.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East, Gently Yo, the research assistant brief.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Eung Heung Securities Insight Report (688032): Lead the global distributed market and strengthen the integrated layout.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.