q3 performed brightly, with a single-season growth of nearly 80% mcu yield equal to 21h1, q3 performed much better than we previously expected 1) 21 years q3: 2.690 billion, compared to 77%, ring + 32. The Māori rate is 50%, compared to +9pt, ring + 6pt, mainly
2) For the first three quarters: 6,333 million, +99 per cent. The Māori rate is 44 per cent, +3.65 pct. Net profit return mcu: 32 flagships on the mainland, q3 camp increases more than twice as much, and industry is expected to spend \triangleright next year
1) 21q3 achieved a revenue of 80 million yuan, a significant increase of 222 per cent, corresponding to 21h1, which is already on the fast-track for development. 2) Thirty-two leaders from the mainland, with full kernel coverage at mid- and low-ends, nearly 400 materials (nearly 1,000 for the target overseas, less than 100 for the mainland), large markets + low self-sufficiency, trade frictions + lack of flow, companies are about to develop the golden window period.
3) Most of the company ' s products in 2020 were used in consumer electronics markets, such as floor sweep robots, to further expand industry and automobiles in the future. 4) Overseas Mcu flagship performance meetings generally suggest that the climate can be maintained until 2022, optimistic until 2023. 5) Active expansion of production at the end of production, including rainbows and power generation, may lead to an increase in output, adding up to the advanced path to 55 nm

1) Storage operations (including drams) generated 1.67 billion revenues, an increase of 77 per cent over the same period. Production capacity is assured: the expansion of continental-generation plants, including rainbows, is expected to lead to an increase in production capacity and a continuous shift of the stacking process from 65nm to 55nm, leading to an increase in single crystal round cutting.
Self-research: ddr4 is climbing the slope, and 17mddr3 is developing autonomously, and is expected to contribute to performance next year. The company is perceived as underestimating, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
1. Micro-Innovation (603986): Replenishment of 500 million long-term storage parent companies, with sustained attention to projects, Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., First Market Private Equity Investment Co. Ltd., and acquired the Chinese University of Science and Technology
Bachelor of Science, Shanghai School of Advanced Financial Studies, Shanghai Transport University. Zhao Jiu Mu, assistant in electronics research, joined civil electronics in 2020, was employed in foreign industry studies, Master of Economics, Edinburgh University, author of the University of Rehabilitation, with a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,