Dram prices are expected to pick up at the bottom.
Thanks to tws headphones, amoled panels, and the pull of demand in the tddi market, demand continued to grow in the noor flash industry in 2021, while motor power and communications demand relays are expected to drive the industry further up in 2022.
In the judgement of a 30% surge in spending on mega-data centres, we expect that the drop in dram prices is expected to be narrow, and that the stock industry as a whole will be better in 2022. As a domestic noorflash leader, the company expands rapidly to mcu, nad, dram, and sensors, and the rich product mix gives more to the company.
The company is expected to make a net profit of $2.29 billion and $2.81 billion in 2021 and 2022, each of which is a 40-fold pey, and the company gives a rating of the purchase as a scarce storage target for a share. Noorflash is running high, and the overall storage is basically good: it benefits from tws headphones, amoled
The panel and the tddi market demand, which grew in 2021 in the nonflash sector, is expected to drive the industry further up in 2022. The same time, based on the global data centre’s increased capital spending in 2022, especially in mega-data.
In the judgement of a 30-per-cent surge in spending, we expect that the drop in the price of dram is expected to be narrow, that the niche dram product will benefit from increased demand in the domestic import and security sectors, and that the overall storage will be largely good, contributing to the continued growth of corporate dram operations.
3021 A significant increase in performance: in the first three quarters of 2021, companies achieved $6.33 billion in revenues and yoy growth continued to rise, with revenues from corporate chip storage increased by 63.7 per cent in the third quarter of the year compared to 63.7 per cent in the third quarter; mcu revenue increased by 222 per cent in the same quarter, co-leading the company to $2.69 billion in the first quarter of the third quarter.
In the first three quarters, the combined Māori rate was 44.3%, an increase of 3.6 percentage points over the same period of the previous year, and 16.1% over the period of the company, a decrease of 4.9 percentage points over the same period of the previous year.
A combination of factors has contributed to a significant growth in corporate performance. Profit forecasts: net profits of $2.29 billion and $2.81 billion based on a strong growth in company dram revenue in 2022, a growth rate of 160% and an increase of 23% for yoy and an increase of eps, respectively.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.