Self-researched dram accelerated release and stored a strong engine of tap growth Events: 30 November, Moi-Creatives published the projected 2022 volume of daily associated transactions, Moi-City-Creating (60398.sh)
In 2022, the Division expects to purchase and market dram products for long-term storage at $1.08 billion, and self-research dram at $860 million from long-term storage procurement.  self-research dram accelerates its release, and we expect to contribute $1.65 billion in 2022.
The dram chip was produced in June of this year and the self-research product has been fully nationalized from design, stream to sealing, testing, certification, and has been used and adopted in the consumer sector by a wide range of mainstream platforms.
The company’s future focus will be on self-researching dram chips, which will gradually decline, and the dram chip profits are expected to increase significantly.
The price of the platinum dram is relatively stable and market demand is still strong. The current dram contract price drop is nearing the end of the short term, and there is very limited scope for subsequent drops. Part of the dram factory has gone to stock and prices are expected to rebound.
In addition, the public sector has a plan-based dram chip, which contributes to a steady growth in performance as companies expect to use the 17nm process and product lines.
As self-researched dram accelerates, companies add strong growth momentum, domestic store chip taps become stronger, mcu+norflash+dram+sensor four product lines are moving together, and next year's performance is worth looking forward to.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect a net return profit in 2021-2023 from Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Street of the City's West Side, Beijing. The Xian University of Electronics and Technology has been a successful student for almost five years, with experience in the semiconductor industry, and foreign experience in the field, such as Texas instruments, familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain.
The team won third place in the 19-year new wealth electronics industry; 2/3 in the 18/19 Crystalball electronics industry; and 3/2 in the 18/19 Golden Bull Award electronics industry.Li Xiaoqing, M.A. from Wuhan University, joined the southwest securities in 2018 and the Sunda securities in 2020, covering mainly crystal mills, digital chips and radio frequencies.
Liu Chilai, Master of Finance of the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined the Sindha securities in 2020, covering vrar, optical, and storage plates. Autumn Tao, a Master of Asset Assessment at the University of Gangan, joined the Sindam securities in 2020, with the ability to produce and cover power, simulation, and seal the plates.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.