Mcu's strong push for growth, with three quarters of performance exceeding expectations, a trillion yuan in innovation (603986.sh), a 77.39 per cent increase in the same year and 32 per cent in the ring.
The rise in prices + restructuring of products has contributed to a significant increase in the company ' s Māori ratio. In terms of profit margins, the company ' s Māori ratio has reached 49.8% in the third quarter, rising by 9.03 pcts, and raised by the same year.
The price of the Division ' s products has increased, with a certain increase in the Māori rate for all product lines; (2) due to the shortage of crystallized industrial capacity, the company has rationalized the use of additional production capacity, optimized the product structure, adjusted the ratio of output to product, and increased the ratio of high Māori product to product collection.
A 1.73 pcts reduction is also contributing to the increase in net interest rates. mcu is growing rapidly, providing a strong dynamic for the company’s rapid growth. 794 million won in the third quarter of the year, an increase of 221.95 per cent compared to 29.5 per cent in the first half of the year.
Ping. In the third quarter of 2021, when Mcu earned 1,591 million yuan, an increase of 222.03 per cent over the same period, the strong growth in mcu was due to: (1) continued demand and demand stress, high demand from industry, automobiles, domestic electricity, consumption, etc., in the various market segments of mcu, and company mcu prices since q3
Increased. Despite the current decline in Mcu prices in the spot market through the channel, there was no downward trend in the prices of the original plant, and the prices of the company ' s Mcu exports were more adjusted on the basis of the overall supply and demand of the market. (2) While the upstream crystal mills were able to maintain a tense state of production this year, the company responded to the market demand situation.
More productive capacity is being given to mcu-type products. (3) Industrial controls, high Mcu-based car-type products are higher than they are, and products are being restructured.
The company’s first car regulation mcu is in the stream and is expected to provide samples for client testing by the end of the year, and is expected to produce bulk shipments by mid-2022. The first car regulation mcu is primarily directed at entertainment systems, followed by the development of different product types of mcu in areas such as body, cabin, power systems, etc.
At this point, the company’s wifi-mcu on smart power, iot smart terminals, etc. is about to have a product question. In the case of norflash, the company’s 55nm node norflash has continued to rise, accounting for about 30% of the total, and will continue to rise further in the future.
The demand for noorflash continues to be strong in areas such as letters, the cyclical nature of the industry continues to diminish, and growth continues to grow. As the company’s 2m ~2gb-capacity car code of noorflash is fully in place, we look forward to the long-term growth of the company’s noorflash storage business.
As far as dram is concerned, the company's self-research dram chip, which was produced in June of this year, has been applied and certified in the domain of the consumer class, the Sinda Securities Corporation.
Itd is increasing over time, and the company will introduce more self-researched dram products and further upgrade building 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
In the case of  sensors, the company collected $447 million in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 33.87 per cent over the same period. The main reason was a change in the structure of the company’s products, the touch-control product, the electrocution fingerprint sensor in the head hand.
In addition, companies are actively expanding the use of sensors in non-mobile markets, pre-positioning networks, vr, and so on, and are expected to continue to grow in the future. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect a return net profit in 2021-2023, respectively.
Figure 1: MFI quarterly revenue; Figure 2: Māori and net interest rates for MFI quarter; Figure 3: Cost rates during MFI period
Figure 4: Rates of R & D costs and R & D costs, Figure 5: M & A quarterly collections and operating cash flows, Figure 6: M & A quarterly net profits and operating net cash flows (2q21 median forecast)
Fig. 7: Micro-innovation inventory and stock turnover days - a competition between Xian University of Electronics and Technology, with nearly five years of experience in the semiconductor industry, with overseas work experience in Texas, etc., familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain. Also a well-known initiator of the domestic semiconductor business incubation platform, 10 coffees, has assisted several semiconductor companies.
The team won third place in the 19-year new wealth electronics industry; 2/3 in the 18/19 Crystalball electronics industry; and 3/2 in the 18/19 Golden Bull Award electronics industry.Li Xiaoqing, M.A. from Wuhan University, joined the southwest securities in 2018 and the Sunda securities in 2020, covering mainly crystal mills, digital chips and radio frequencies.
Liu Chilai, Master of Finance of the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, joined the Sindha securities in 2020, covering vrar, optical, and storage plates. Autumn Tao, a Master of Asset Assessment at the University of Gangan, joined the Sindam securities in 2020, with the ability to produce and cover power, simulation, and seal the plates.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.