Micro-innovation (603986): storage chip taps, flash+mcu+dram three arrows to build long-term growth Recommendations (first) storage chip and mcu tap companies with high performance rates
The company is the lead in the domestic storage of chip and mcu chip designs. It was established in 2005 and is primarily responsible for the development, technology support and marketing of storage, microcontrols and sensors. The product is widely used for hand-held and mobile end-of-life applications such as mobile phones and tablets.
End, consumer-type electronics, object-networking terminals, personal computers and perimeters, industrial control equipment, auto electronics, communications equipment, medical equipment, office equipment, etc.
The company achieved high performance growth in the first three quarters of 2021, thanks to a well-developed product line layout, strong R & D power and the brand influence accumulated over many years in deep-farming markets to meet client diversification needs with high-quality and reliable products and services.
Achieving operating income of $6.330 billion, an increase of 99.45 per cent over the same period, a net return to the mother, an explosion in demand for storage in an era of digitalization, and vehicle storage will be the growth point for future emerging markets.
With rapid growth in the areas of 5g communications, physical networking, artificial intelligence, autopilot, the emergence of new types of terminal equipment such as 5g base stations, smart homes, adas systems and increased data storage, the need for storage chips will also continue to grow.
Long-term trends. According to icinsights, the global market size of storage chips in 2021-2023 will reach $155.2 billion, $18.4 billion and $21.96 billion, respectively, as China continues to grow in the electronics sector, and domestic storage of chip productions.
The demand for goods is rising, and according to the World Association of Semiconductor Trade Statistics, the domestic storage chip market is expected to reach $6,49.2 billion in 2023. In the post-motion accounting era, vehicle storage will be the growth point for future emerging markets.
The faster it comes, the larger the storage that matches it, the more the autopilot arrives, the greater the demand for storage capacity. According to ihs, the global car storage market was $3.6 billion in 2019, and is expected to grow by 2025.
The mcu application scene is extensive and benefits from the rapid wave of motor intelligence applications (microcontrollers) covering almost all the scenes requiring control devices. According to icinsights, the global volume of mcu products is from
With 22.1 billion in 2015 to 36.1 billion in 2020, the market size will grow to $28.5 billion in 2026, including 51.3 billion in China. In the process of car intelligence, the mcu will play the role.
Acting in a relatively important role, with a wide range of applications ranging from vehicle body control, dashboards, car-borne information and entertainment systems (iv), communications systems, advanced security systems, adas autopilot, window control, electric seating, reverse radar
And the key, for example, needs mcu to control, and the number of mcu on an electric car can now reach dozens, possibly hundreds in the future. According to ihs, the global car mcu market is expected to reach $8.9 billion in 2025.
It's a full-scale operation, with three arrows building long-term growth, and the company continues around feeling (sensor), storage (flash, dram and new storage), calculation (calculation), control (mcu ecology), connection (connection).
In the case of flash products, companies can offer a variety of product combinations for use in a variety of areas, such as high performance, high capacity, low power consumption, small size, etc. In the case of automobile applications, the company gd55's 2g large-volume product has passed car regulations.
Aecq-100 certification, spinorflash standard product 2mb-2gb capacity is fully lined, and gd25 fully stored product series has been implemented in multiple car enterprises. For dram products, the company produced its own first product in June 2021.
The brand's 19nm4gbddr4 product for the niche market has been certified in the consumer category through a wide range of mainstream platforms, and 17nm's dddr3 product is now building up. At the same time, the company is working closely together to store the lance for the company.
With dram products providing stable production security, the future dram products will be the company’s new collection contribution point.
The company's mcu product is steadily entering the car regulation market, and its first model mcu product is now drifting and is expected to be produced in 2022. In our view, the company's three product lines are well-developed.
At the domestic leadership level, as products continue to escalate, three arrows will be achieved in the future under an era of national substitution, with clear long-term growth paths. Industry risks of cyclical volatility, new product R&D are not as widespread as expected, supply.
Electronics group profile: Maestro, three years of US semiconductor listing experience, and participation in the first half of the world
I am not, nor will I be, driven by the details of this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is used only by customers of Chinese securities.
It is reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.