A return to the high profit margin base of the new Sum (002001) pharmaceutical organisms, with no change in the long-term growth logic, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company released its semi-annual report for 2021, which generated $7.25 billion in the first half of the year, a fall in vitamin prices compared to the growth rate, and the release of protein amino acids and fermentation projects. In 2020, affected by the epidemic, domestic and external vitamin supplies were limited and prices skyrocketed. The first half of the year, with the easing of supply, except for vc.ve.
Vitamin varieties have fallen in prices of $349.0/kg, a decline of 18.6 per cent in the same year, vd3 a decrease of $127.8/kg, a decrease of 36.8 per cent in the same year, and biomass a decrease of $67.4/kg, a decline of 74.1 per cent in the same year.
Long-term growth paths are clear. The company has multiple layouts for nutrients, spices and new material plates.
This is expected to decline; the Heilongjiang Bio-Engine Project (phase II), based on the expansion of the first phase of the product, will also add new products of safrole and cobalt-based ammonium; 40,000 tons of fragrance rings from Shandong have been evaluated; and the three issues of pps. 3 tons of fibre-grade pps, and the Shandong Industrial Park tmb have been launched.
The company has also successfully implemented three employee-holding programs, which will help to motivate the workforce as a whole and give new impetus to the company’s future development and business objectives.
1. New Sixen (002001): The reported performance is consistent with the multi-dimensional development of vitamin taps, a clear path to future growth, 1.1 vitamin starters, spices and new materials.
Zhejiang Shin and Cheng, a leading industrial company in China, were judged to be the second best chemical worker in China in 2020, mainly in the production and sale of nutrients, fragrances, and new materials of high molecules. The company adheres to the “Chemical Plus” development strategy, creating a whole-chain development model, with products covering vitamin a, vitamin e, egg amino acid, lemon.
Products such as formaldehyde, aromatic alcohol, pps, etc., have now become one of the world’s four largest vitamin producers, the nation’s largest fragrance producer, and the well-known specialized engineering plastics producer.The company’s equity structure is concentrated, and the controlling shareholders are New and Holding Group Limited, which as of 2021h1, holds public shares.
The company also holds a percentage of the shares in the company and in the new and controlled shares. In the company’s name, several subsidiaries are responsible for each of the four main production bases.
Production and trade operations, etc... 2021h1 for subsidiaries with net profit effects of more than 10% of the company has high risk organisms, Shandong Pharmacy, Shandong amino acid, Shandong vitamins.
The company was founded in 1988 as the new Chang Organicization plant, a school-run enterprise founded by the chemical teacher Hobán. The first business was the recycling of waste alcohol. In 1991-1996, the company took control of the production of essential vitamine and intermediates, which resulted in integrated production of vitamine. In 1999, the company was formally established, and in the same year it achieved vitamin a.
In 2004, the company, the first of its mid-sized and medium-sized panels, successfully entered the fast track of development. The company then proceeded to build a base for the production of shrimp mercurin, lemon ellipses, pps, and so forth.
Promotion of the “Bio+” strategy to launch a biological fermentation project in the Heilong River, with the establishment in October 2020 of two major projects, the New Chang Organicization Plant in 1998 and the 1991 Trimethyl hydrogen hydrazine test product, breaking the monopoly on ve raw materials
• Hexaphenol production in 1996 with the achievement of a pilot project for ve integration • successful development in 1997va and successful entry of products into international testing • Establishment of the company in 1999 — va scale production
• Successful research and development of biomechanicals in 2002 and expansion of vitamin varieties • marketed as the first share of medium-sized and small-sized plates in 2004 to create a risk production base • successful development of 2005 shrimp erythrin
Lemon ellipse was developed successfully in 2006 ..in 2008 at the fragrance production base in the mill.. 2012pps was developed successfully.
• Successful operation of the 2,017.5 million tons of pine amino acid project: 2018 Establishment of a biological fermentation base in the Heilong River: 2020.25 million tons of pine amino acid project and biological fermentation project
The company ' s products can be divided into nutrients, fragrances, three main plates of new materials, production capacity in Nichang, Utsumi, Xinhu, and Xinjiang. The nutrient plates include, inter alia, vitamins, pine amino acid, glucose and malt syrup. The companies are the production capacity of tons/year (50% powder), 30,000 tons/year vc, 2000/year vd3, 120 tons/year biogene.
Favorite fragrance plate, with capacity of 10,000 tonnes/year aromatic sulfonol and 8,000 tonnes/year of lemon formaldehyde products. New material plate, the company has two main products: pps (polyphenyl sulfide) and pa (anti-high-temperature nylon) and plans to further expand production of tons of pine amino acid (phase II), biomethrin (phase II) and the Upper Industrial Parks pss. 11 million tons of nutrients.
The 9,000 tons of fine chemicals project and the 40,000 tons of spice fragrance project are in the process of pre-episode environmental evaluation, with construction time remaining. 1.2 Business income growth is strong and high profit margins are returning. Historically, corporate performance has been constrained by the vitamin climate cycle, and risk resistance has gradually increased through diversification.
In 2015, the price of vitamins was at an all-time low, when the company collected $3.82 billion, resulting in a net profit of $40 million from the mother, 2016-2018, with an increase in the number of environmental inspectors in the country, the withdrawal of a large number of backward enterprises in the country, the closure or overhaul of some of the enterprises abroad, restrictions on the supply of vitamins, the maintenance of a 20 per cent increase in the company ' s income and an increase in the net profit from the mother.
3.08 billion yuan in 2018. In 2020, affected by the epidemic, the domestic and foreign supply of vitamins was restricted, prices were so high that companies now collected $10.31 billion, or 34.6 per cent, and net profit returns to mothers amounted to $3.56 billion, or +64.6 per cent. In the first half of the year, prices for va, vd, vh, etc. fell as the supply eased, but new projects were launched in the last four quarters of the year.
100,000 tons of pyric acid and bioeggment projects contributed over time, resulting in a return of $7.25 billion, or +36.8 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $2.41 billion, or +9.0 per cent. Companies continued to promote product diversification, with spices, new materials, medicines, etc. as compared to 2015-2019.
In the first half of the year, the company ' s nutrients, spices and other main camps (with new material, the company ' s most important nutrient plates have the highest Māori level, based on the Māori rate of each product)
Disclosures of construction-in-progress are expected to remain high in corporate capital expenditure for the next two years, and the performance contribution of new projects has been improving since 2019, with receivables of $2.50 billion and swing days of $3.12 billion in the first half of the year, with a net current ratio of over 85 per cent.
Assuming that 1:250,000 tons of PAC phase II production could be released in 2023 and 80 per cent of the capacity utilization in that year, assuming that 2: the PET phase II production could be released in 2023 and 80 per cent of the capacity utilization in that year, assuming that: 15,000 tons of fibre class pps in phase III of the PPS project would be operational in 2023 and 50 per cent of the capacity utilization in that year.
Assumption 4: the average sales price of the company’s main products for the next three years is maintained at the January-August average of this year. We have selected Andy Sou from the vitamin and pharmaceutical business, Andersu from the vitamin and pineacid business, Huabao shares from the spice business, and the gold industry from the sweetener business, respectively, as comparable valuations for 2021-2023.
No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.