The first half of the year saw a 16 per cent increase in net profit on maternity, and the medically-American product matrix is expected to continue to be enriched by 8.03 per cent for beauty care and medical beauty, 2.46 per cent for non-net profit and 2.46 per cent for health-care consumption recovery last year.
In the first half of the year, liquid injection products generated operating income of $976 million, compared to 11.65%, and gel injection products.
Hea) Ltd., a company that owns a “hysteria blast” water luminometer, expands the company’s layout in the field of medical and aesthetic equipment.
Inputs. The first half of the year was 115 days of stock turnover, a slight decrease of 3 days from last year. The net operating cash flow was $1.15 billion in the first half of the year, compared to +17.76%, and the cash flow was in good shape.
The advantage of leading firms will be further highlighted. The company looks forward to continuing to refine its product management under the banner of Emmett (300896.sz) – quarterly net profit growth of 27% for mothers, product matrix line, which is expected to open up future growth space; channels to fine-tune end-of-end high-quality medical and aesthetic institutions.
Emmett (300896.sz) -- Quarterly performance growth is robust, and brands are constantly being strengthened, and medical leaders are being strengthened. In view of the current pressure on consumption, a 47% increase in net profit returns to mothers in 2023 has been sustained.
"America (300896.sz) - To introduce a skin-free anti-degenerative device, further enriched by the company's revenues of $1.657 billion in the first half of 2024, i.e. +13.53 per cent, net profit to mothers of $1,121 million, the annual high recovery in health and American consumption base and steady growth this year under pressure from consumption demand.
In the first half of the year, income from injection of solution products was 976 million yuan, compared to 11.65 per cent, gel gel, medical technology (Jouhai) Ltd., a company that owns the "Hang Blast Water" spectrometer and expands the company.
According to the project, the company's meat and poison research and development project has been registered for approval and is in the process of being reviewed, and the Lilalupi injection has completed its clinical trials. In addition, the company's project for the development of a beautiful and healthy industrial innovation project is currently under construction on the ground.
The project was built in December 2023 to build industrial production lines and innovative transformation platforms, and to build new production support facilities such as production buildings, storage buildings and quality-checking buildings, which will further expand the capacity of the company ' s existing products.
In terms of financial data, the company ' s Māori ratio for the first half of 2024 was 94.91 per cent, compared to 0.5 pct, with a decline of 1.12 pcc, mainly in the case of solution-type injecting products.
3 days a year. Net operating cash flows in the first half of the year amounted to $1.15 billion, compared to +17.76 per cent, cash flows, figure 3: Māori/net interest rate per E.M. Quarterly (%)
Investment proposals: In the medium and long term, there is still much room for greater forward penetration in the medical and aesthetic sector, and the advantages of leading firms will be further highlighted in the context of compliance trends. With further improvements in corporate product lines, it is still expected to contribute to sustained growth in the medium and long term, to fine-tune end-of-end quality medical and beauty institutions, and to further strengthen the status of medical champions.
For reasons of caution about the end-of-service American consumption climate, we downplayed the company ' s 2024-2026 net profit returns, and the author assured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis was based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, sought to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party; and the author had not studied it in the past, now or in the future.