The scale continues to expand significantly, costs are being controlled, and the income of stone technology (stock code: 688169) 25q3 continues to grow rapidly, and the net profit rate remains low.
The 25q3 business strategy started to change: 1) Losses on land washing machines and washing machines were significantly reduced compared to the first half of the year, and sales costs were significantly reduced. 2) Significant increase in self-replenishment within the 25q3 machine to compensate for the downside of the country, resulting in a decrease in the Māori sales rate and a decrease in the net profit rate in exchange for revenue
Liu Liss is growing at a high rate. Land sweeps abroad have continued to grow rapidly, and Europe and the new emerging market countries have maintained good profitability, except for the United States, which has been affected by customs duties. 3) As a result of the decline in sales of Maori in land sweeps and low levels of Maori
Company 25q3 began to shift to a combination of quality and size of operations, and sales cost inputs began to weaken. Rapid expansion of size was spread over costs, with management/R & D/financial costs of 25q3 at 2.0%, respectively.
According to Sensortower data, rock technology downloads abroad increased by +50% in September 2025 and by +53% in January-September. The United States market was affected by customs duties, with reduced profitability, but Europe, Europe and the United States of America.
Emerging market countries have a good trend. 2) 25q3, landwasher products have started to go to the sea, products have been imported into major overseas markets, and sales are more profitable than internal sales. 3) The company has launched three new smart lawn mowers to achieve a high-end to entry full price layout, cut into high-stakes and expand mainly European markets.
The state retreat, followed by the outlook: 1) 2024q4 upgrades led to an outbreak of clean appliances. 2025q4 companies will continue their self-sufficiency strategy, increasing their market share, and the profitability of the domestic land sweeper will remain low; 2nd position in the domestic landwashing market is strong and losses are manageable. 2) For 2026, we anticipate that
With the positive demonstration effect on the consumers of ground sweepers and washing machines, the penetration rate will increase rapidly, and the overall market will have, and we expect the company to have a profit recovery next year: 1,203 starting with the company's size orientation.
Control; losses in new business will also be significantly reduced; and the current self-repair in the ground sweeper will be phased in.
H-shares on the market, helping companies internationalize 3.
In 2023, irobot, Kovos, stone sweepers were sold for 3.03 million, 2.84 million and 2.6 million. 3) By the third quarter of 2024, the rock’s competitive strategy was to increase market share. Concrete measures include increasing marketing inputs in China; bearing tariff costs in the United States without raising the price of products; on the European side.
Face-down prices, on the one hand, and a significant increase in direct sales, on the other hand, have together led to a decline in profit margins. In 2024, rock harvests amounted to $11.94 billion, or +38.0% of the year.
The change in accounting standards in 2024, when part of the cost of sales was attributed to production costs, led to a decline in the Māori rate. But after that impact was eliminated, the company’s product competitive strategy also led to a decline in the Māori rate in aggregate.
Table 1: Stone technology operations split II. Clean appliances: 4 seasons facing a high base (i) the market for sales of clean appliances benefits from State replenishment, but the base has increased significantly since October
Oviyun Network data, 30.35 million retail sales in 2024, i.e. 22.8 per cent of the year; 42.3 billion yuan, i.e. 24.4 per cent of the year, i.e. + 10.5 per cent of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month and +41.8 per cent of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the year of the year of the year.
21.8 billion yuan, or +39.8% of the year, is higher for the industry, with the continuation of the old-change policy. Last September, the country was late for electricity, while retail sales on the cleaning line in September/10/11/December 2024 were equal to +8.7%/Figure 8: retail sales on the landwasher line (annual)
Land sweepers are naturally the ones that benefit from the upgrading of the ai, superimposed policy pulls (the most heavily covered category of clean appliances covered by the local state supplemental policy), and high unit consumption is fully released and the high view is expected to continue. Avc retail monitoring, on the September floor sweep line, figure 9: Retail sales on the floor robot line (monthly)
Land sweep entry thresholds are high, and new entrants are not easy. The market is now competitive with stone, Kovos, search, in addition to clouds, and whales are competitive; overseas markets, irobot is uncompetitive and market shares are falling for a long time; and shark has an excellent brand in the United States, good use of Chinese supply chains and a higher share in the United States.
In the recent past, the country’s products, mainly drones and sports cameras, have been significantly reduced, but the price of fresh ground sweeps has also been reduced, with a retail average price of US$ 25w41 reaching US$ 5022, compared to the market share of the previous month and 14.6%, with no significant improvement in the market share. The search for China’s market has focused on increasing profitability.
In September 2025, the average retail price of the land sweeper on the track was $4920 per station, further uplifting; the average retail price of the land washer reached figure 13: the average retail price on the brand sweeper line; the price battle continued and the industry shuffled more.
Enabling, functional integration, and enhanced penetration (Ovi Cloud Network, which measured the rate of penetration of the land washer class in 2024 at about 3.1 per cent, with still a lot of room for improvement).
Figure 17: Retail sales on landwasher line (monthly) Figure 18: Retail on landwasher line (monthly)
In the global market for land sweepers, the share of Chinese businesses has grown rapidly. idc data show that the global market for smart land sweeps grew by 11.2 per cent in 2024, or 20.6 million, a year-on-year increase of 11.2 per cent; and China's share of 5.39 million, an increase of 6.7 per cent in the same year, of which q4 was stimulated by a “state supplement” policy of 1.75 million, an increase of 28.2 per cent;
In terms of market competition, 2025h1 stone technology, irobot, Kovos, millet, tracking of global market shares accounted for 20.7 per cent, 7.9 per cent, 13.9 per cent, 10.1 per cent and 12.3 per cent, respectively.
Rock technology is the world’s best in terms of both volume and volume, and it has surpassed irobot. It has a high demand for smart-house products in developed country markets, both online and under-line, with simultaneous development and marketing power. irobot’s global output fell by 6.7% in 2024, 25h1 fell by 35.7%, and products were manufactured by Chinese factories in Western Europe and Asia and the Pacific markets.
Business shocks and market space squeezes. Their localization in emerging-country markets is weak and their product lines are relatively homogeneous, which may constrain long-term growth. Figure 21: Land sweeps China’s market brand share (by table) in 2024
Figure 22: Land sweeper overseas market brand share (by table) in 2024 by its global share* - China ' s share* - the difference is divided by the global volume - the method of export from China. irobot ' s global share is its share in the overseas market)
According to Sensortower data, from the point of view of the number of downloads from overseas, the number of downloads from searchers, stones, Kovos is growing rapidly, and the number of downloads from sharknija is growing slowly, indicating that the market share of China’s land sweeper brands abroad is increasing rapidly. Monthly aggregates are equal to +12%.
Rocks and technology downloads +50% in September 2025 and +53% in January-September. Figure 24: Coworth, Stone and Technology, sharkninja downloads +oy monthly
Figure 25: Searching for app overseas downloads of monthly yoy personally promised to present this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness.