The price of vitamins has risen to take care of the weather.
On June 12, the offer for the Tesman-Fen-American Feeding Level was raised to $85/kg. On June 18, 50% of the export offer for the new and feed Level Ve was raised to $10.5/kg as a result of a significant increase in shipping costs. On June 20, the offer for the Zajiang Pharmaceutical Feeding Level va was raised to $95/kg.
The Vitamin industry has been at the bottom of the landscape for almost two years, with a weak price and a loss in the industry. The current recovery of downstream farm profits, combined with an improvement in exports, is expected to raise the bottom of the industry.
Full performance elasticity was shown, with a “buy-in” rating. Factory prices were strong, vitamin prices were warm: the prices of many vitamin varieties had increased since June. According to Yuan/kg, the price of vc was 7.2% higher than at the beginning of the month, the average cost of vc was 26 yuan/kg, and the price of vd3 was 2.0% higher than at the beginning of the month.
The price is $78/kg, 34.5% higher than at the beginning of the month. The price of va as a whole is relatively strong, in the middle of three years, and v, vc, vd3 is still in the bottom zone. We believe that with the restoration of profits in industries such as downstream pig farming and the digestion of domestic and foreign stocks, the pattern of vitamin supply and demand is expected to improve.
With the exception of vc, most vitamins are used mainly as feed additives, which are influenced by farm profits. In 2023, pig prices were low, self-induced and out-of-house farming were at a loss, and farmers tended to reduce vitamin additions.
Prices have risen, the profits from pig farming have improved significantly, with 383 yuan per head for pig farming and 367 yuan per head for self-generating farming this week. With the restoration of pig farming profits, we expect that the need for vitamins as feed additives will improve.
Exports to good terms and improved overseas demand: since 2024, vitamin exports and ring ratios have shown good results of 46,206 tons, yoy + 29 per cent; vc exports of 77,825 tons, yoy + 3 per cent. va exports of 540 tons, yoy + 51 per cent, ve exports of 8430 tons, yoy + 39 per cent, vc exports 13,581 tons,
Vitamins go down for two years, end stocks are in a lower position, and it is expected that when the scene is turned on, the terminal will be remixed. Vitamin taps, a new project for ecstasy, contribute to growth: vitamin production is concentrated, public.
The Department is a national company with a capacity of 10,000 tons, or 37 per cent of the country’s total capacity; a subsistence capacity of 345,000 tons of vitamins, including 345,000 tons of vitamin c, vitamin b5, and biomass. It is expected that the upswing in vitamin prices will lead to a rapid recovery in the company’s performance.
In addition to the vitamins, which are heavily configured and currently have a capacity of 250,000 tons, of which 150,000 tons were built in 2023, the release of capacity is expected to add to the company’s profits. In addition, the company, in a joint venture with China, is expected to build a 180,000 tons/year liquid amino acid (purification) project, which is currently under way.
The price of ecstasy has been gradually repaired since the second half of 2023 and is currently at an average market price of $21.8/kg, at a high level in the last three years. The price of vitamins and ecstasy is expected to warm in 2024, chinaresearchdept.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.