New Union (002001.sz): 2024q1 performance 25 April 2024 Expected improvement by year and continued progress in project construction
New and new and published annual report 2023: the company achieved operating income of 15.17 billion yuan a year, yoy-5.13 per cent, Zhejiang Shin and Cheng, Inc. was founded in 1999.
The company intends to find a gold dividend of $4.5 per 10 shares (including a listed company). The company’s high focus on fine chemical synthesis has been affected by the decline in product prices, which has led to a decline in the profitability of the nutrient business; the fragrance business; and the new materials industry.
Accumulation of technology, starting with the pharmaceutical intermediate aerobics fork, with organic synthesis as a link, has successfully expanded operations to robust growth. 1 Nutritional operations: a decline of 9.91 per cent to $9,867 million in year-on-year harvests in 2023, gross.
The company is now in the four largest vitamin producers in the world, but there has been a steady increase in product sales: 2 fragrances: a year-on-year increase in 2023.
First, it has evolved into an influential flavour industry, competitively competitive producers of pine amino acid and prospectives, leading to an equal increase in sales of key products, leading to higher corporate performance.
New products, new projects are being developed in an orderly manner, and the company’s product system is being enriched. The company adheres to a strategy of physicalization, serialization, synergetic development with chemical and biological + as its two main core platforms.
Focusing on nutrients, fragrances, new materials and raw materials, and constantly developing various types of functional chemicals. The company has developed more in recent years: a new nutrient plate: a two-year 250,000 tons per year project for ecstasy; and a joint venture to build 180,000 tons of liquid ecstasy (purity) projects;
Construction of 4000 tonnes/year bladder amino acid; 30,000 tonnes/year sulfonic acid project normal production sale; 2,500 tonnes/year vitamin b5 project normal production sale. 2 fragrance fragrance plates: 5000 tonnes/year mintol project normal production sale. 3 new material plates: 7,000 tonnes/year pps 3 project normal production sale; XIIA
The project is well under way. The project is well under way. 4 ingredients: pharmaceutical grade q10 is on the market and the product structure is upgraded according to market demand. We expect that the construction and placement of these ongoing projects will help to enrich the company's product system and achieve the industrial chain.
Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: new and emerging are the backbone of the country’s high-quality fine-chemists, and industrial chains-bodying and product-sequencing drive companies to grow into fine-chemists. Companies start with the pharmaceutical intermediate.
At home, the business has been successfully expanded to vitamins, fragrances, new materials, and protein ammonium.
The source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the East Hing Securities Corporation, reported that Liu Woo-Chou
10 years of research experience in the chemical industry. Has served in the Research Department of China-King Corporation. Many honours have been gained since joining the Eung Heung securities, including the 2017 Crystalball, the first three As second place in the chemical-rich industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.