Winch stock (300498) Agro-forestry and fisheries short-term performance, long-term reversal of dilemma towards Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Rapid performance report: In 2021, the company achieved operating income of $64.96 billion, a 13.3 per cent decrease in the same year, a net return to the mother 17.4 yuan per kilogram, a 48.2 per cent decrease in the same year, while factors such as the continuing high prices of feed, the high cost of outsourcing some of the pigs, and the continued optimization of the magnificent structure contributed to the high cost of the company's farming; and the yellow pheasant breeding board.
The company sold 1.1 billion chicken feathers, an increase of 4.8 per cent, and 57,979,000 ducks, an increase of 1.9 per cent over the same period.
The company’s profitability has been gradually restored, and future performance is expected to increase. The African swine plague, which erupted in 2018, has had a huge impact on the country’s biological pig farming, with prices reaching the historical level of $41 per kilogram in November 2019 – about $12-13 kilograms per kilogram; in the medium and long term, the supply of pork is guaranteed, and the horns of pigs can grow.
Considering that the trend towards the de-productization of capacity is emerging, that it will take time to clear, and that in the phase-out phase-out, the lagging capacity will be prioritized for phase-out, leading to structural adjustments, taking into account the fact that the current production efficiency indicators, such as psy, can increase the number of pigs, but that the price of pigs will be lower in the future.
Levels are maintained for a certain period of time in order to be able to produce more. The company's pig-breeding operations are affected by non-pestics, mainly in terms of structure, numbers and costs of farm-raising: the African pigpest virus, the company's elimination of some of the virus-threatening sow pigs, and the use of the external purchase model for fertilizer sales, 2020.
The balance sheet of productive biological assets shows that outsourcing amounts to $5.19 billion, a 117-fold increase in the same year, increases in the proportion of effective piglets, and has been optimized to stop buying piglets in May 2021. The company’s output has been steadily increasing, with 9.15 million pigs in 2020 and 13.17 million in 2021, respectively.
As of November 2021, the production of yellow pheasant chickens at the birth of their parents was about 1340.
On the other hand, the State has indicated that it will severely combat the illegal trade in wildlife, ban the consumption of wildlife, restrict the trade in live poultry and slaughter, encourage the expansion of living animals in places where conditions exist.
In addition to the concentration of poultry killing and the phasing out of the live poultry trading market, where nearly 80% of the yellow chicken is sold to live poultry markets, the mood of the diaspora is being affected by this, and large-scale farming companies are splitting up. The company pushed the poultry transition to a 94.5% market for chickens in the first half of 2021, and the meat of chickens is less than 2.9.
Based on the general principle of `volume balance' and depending on the circumstances, contract sales are combined with rhubarbs, and Winch shares (300498) are maintained and maintained: significant profitability is restored, the prices of chicken sales are stabilized and the operating benefits are maximized.
The country’s productive capacity is restored, the prices of pork are relatively low, and no compensation will be obtained, either directly or indirectly, for any of the specific recommendations or ideas contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.