We've got 38.47% of grindr's remaining shares, and we've got the international leading social and content platform, Zhang Qiangwei.
Incident: The company announced on the evening of 23 May that $152 million would be spent by the Kunon Group to buy 38.47 per cent of the remaining shares of grindr, which, when completed, would hold 100 per cent of grindr.
The acquisition of the remaining 38.47% shareholding in grindr and the firm deployment of the international leading social and content platform. The acquisition made clear the strategic direction of the company: future Klon will not only be content with a global leading game research and development and distribution platform, but will also be the leading social medium in the world.
, while gradually expanding content platforms from the game to other content areas such as video, video, literature, and motion. grindr has over 2.7 million list users in 196 countries, more than 30% of users in the United States of America, with an average of more than one user per day.
Since its establishment in 2009, companies have continued to grow each year without external capital injections and market spending.
It's widely disseminated. Grindr now has the first share of the same type of market in the United States, with 66% of its income coming from its members, and its large membership predicts a deep year in which companies have expanded their focus markets from the United States and Britain at the beginning of the year to North America and Latin America.
In countries and regions like the United States, Europe, and South-East Asia, more people are active each month than they were at the beginning of the year. The game strategy has been upgraded, using the mobile end-of-the-peer ip module, which was developed on its own.
The games of "The Three Kingdoms" and "The Six Dragons" and "The Wonders of the Nation" and "The Royal Wars" are all over the world.
On-line, such great works as the Swordsword Cloud, the Stars of September, Terminator 2, bleach, Rocky, and so on, with their strong self-research capabilities, self-research products have increased their profitability.
The acquisition of leisure and recreation has greatly increased profits, and cooperation with the Directorate General of Sports has highlighted the industry. 30 games are available for recreation and recreation, including 26 games in the mahjong category, 4 in the tile category, 1, Klonwanvi (300418); and the development of one piece of cloth.
(a) From Hunan to Sichuan to most parts of the country, the total sum of apps is 3.9 million;
Hosting the ccpc network competition to highlight its position in the industry; idle unionization will result in a sustained and visible increase in profits for the company. Maintain the “buy-in” rating. We expect the company's ps in 2017/18/19.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board