"Integrity+socialization" is a welcome development.
531 million yuan in net profits of shareholders in listed companies, 31.14 per cent more than in the same year; profit from the deduction of non-recurrent shares of shareholders in listed companies \triangleright \triangleright
The game blocks continue the path of self-research, agent excellence abroad, with robust growth in performance. The company ' s game product structure continues to be adjusted and the hand-held ratio continues to expand. In 2016, the company earned $1.810 billion, an increase of 23.42 per cent. The end-end and page ratio decreased, the profit scale decreased, and the client-end games earned $0.06 billion, a decrease of -87.83 per cent.
Research integration, agent-playing upgrades: corporate mobile games earned 92.53% in 2016, self-research games are gaining momentum and performing well in emerging markets abroad. Arpg games on the line during the reporting period, the sacred domain of the gods, have long maintained the top ten of the best-selling games in overseas markets such as Indonesia, Russia, Poland, Argentina, and Brazil: hands.
During the reporting period, ip, which received hand-drawn editorial power, included the country’s famous rpg game, the "Cloud of Swords", the global famous film, ip "Ender 2", the famous Japanese cartoon, "bleach," and the national-producing cartoon, "Standing Stars in September", among others.
The corporate agent game, Tribal Conflict: The Royal War, and Tribal Conflict, were ranked fifth on the global digital game revenue list in 2016. And, by playing with each other, it is expected to contribute to stabilizing cash flows: the company played with each other in February of this year as a place to live.
According to the White Paper on the China-specific Chess Industry of 2017, published by Irene, local chess cards in China in 2016 have a total market size of $3.84 billion and market space is wide. Leisure is now available in the southern provinces of Sichuan and Hunan.
Based on a market share of more than 35 per cent, backed by listed companies, it is expected that the future will continue to penetrate the market and contribute to stable cash flows for the company. 1 mobile and games, social platform synergism stars: $159 million in 2016, focusing on overseas market games and software distribution, synergies with company content and social platforms are clear, and the number of future users is expected
The synergies between social media panels and content plates are noteworthy.
Grindr. In 2016, the company acquired the Opra News Information Platform, with more than 350 million mau, and has launched the information app; Grindr, April 2016, combined with a net profit of 36 million yuan in April-December and $22 million in the mother ' s net profit. Grinder, as the company ' s cut-off location in the social market, is expected to increase its performance steadily in the future.
The popular market of opra and the market segment of grindr are expected to create synergies with content plates such as corporate games, software, media, etc., and to enhance the ability to pay for content and realize advertising.
Hu Sam, Head of the Media Internet Group, Master of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, July 2011 to date, with many years of media Internet industry Wu Qing Yu, Master of Economics, University of Bristol, Bachelor of Business Finance, State University of California, June 2015 Joined the People ' s Sports Securities. Author with qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,