On May 24, the company paid $152 million to purchase grindr shareholder grindr.
Holding company 38.47 per cent of the stock, with the Kunlon Group holding 100 per cent of the grindr stock when the acquisition is completed.
The purchase of the remaining 38.47% of grindr shares is gradually completing the transition from a gamemaker to an Internet platform-type company. Grindr’s global registered user of 27 million, or 3 million, is the largest gay social networking site in the world, with the highest rate in the same type of social software market.
The main income of grindr is from subscription fees, advertising revenues, and some api data authorizations. As the barriers to mobile Internet social industries are raised, grindr’s scarcity gradually emerges and its valuation increases 1.6 times in a year.
The acquisition not only marked the firm’s determination to continue to advance social media and content platforms, but also provided core support for the game’s ability to improve overseas distribution and precision through the use of grindr’s user data resources.
The game policy risks can be managed with a successful combination of on-line and off-line distribution models: free access to the front-line familiarization model to rapidly increase market share, while effectively reducing marketing costs and channel sharing to cover the major provincial chess markets such as Hunan and Sichuan.
With an average monthly income of 80 million and a Māori rate of up to 90% in eight months, with strong R & D power + online access to 18% of the local card market. We believe that the small players will be out of the market after the industry's many shufflings, and industry leaders will win.
A larger share of the market, and therefore a modest future growth period, will contribute to the company’s core performance. The State Department’s Office’s Guidance for Accelerating the Development of the Leisure and Fitness Industry lists chess cards as a priority-supported sports project, and leisure as a national-level event sponsored by the National Sports Agency.
ccpc's strategic partner and sponsor.
The policy risks are low, and the leading company in the leisure chess market will enjoy industry regulation (300418) depth report: game section performance release, significant outward investment premium
Bigip's authorized hand-held reserves are rich and full-blown in the second half of the year: 16 years of corporate self-research, representing the 90-80 million global run-off of the Holy Land for nine months, leading to a stable foreign ranking (300418).
15, confirmed corporate self-research capabilities, currently the company self-research team has six product lines in aggregate, which are responsible for growth in performance, with 372 people on handwalking. In 2017, 6 hand-in-hand products are planned to go on line, q2 on ender, steal star.
q3 on the line "bleach " , "Cloud of Swords " , " Rocky" q4 on the line "Hopeol " , with the help of a two-mip and top-of-the-swap adaptation, to accelerate the growth of hand-walking operations.
Long. We believe that the upgrading of the company’s autonomous R & D capabilities and the thin growth of large-scale hand-held operations will lead to an increase in the company’s profitability.
Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City