Cultural Media Kuala Lumpur (300418): Diversified investment layout and creation of a global entertainment platform
I'm going to invest in a mobile distribution channel project on 1 mobile. I'm going to do more self-researching games and enjoy each other's performances.
The company will also be able to see the entertainment industry by gathering Xiaopi, which is expected to break out of several ip products, such as Swords, Bones of Bones of Worm. The purchase of 51% of each other’s shareholdings is rapidly taking over.
In January-November 2016, there was an increase in recreational activities, the creation of global Internet traffic portals, and the continuous intensification of traffic. In terms of traffic, 2016, there was an increase in traffic.
In July of that year, the company bought the Oprasofware for $600 million to create a 12-month global exchange of the highest/minimum network traffic superport. In January 2016, the company acquired the American homosexuality for $93 million.
In April 2016, 60% of the social network grindr was listed. Grindr, the largest gay social network in the world, has more than 10 million registered users and has occupied the top social class of the ios pay list in the United States, becoming a social software requirement for the gay community since the acquisition.
In terms of liquidity, companies invest in the Internet finance industry (interest, technology, Lendinvest, silver, etc.), and the outreach business layout has a strong potential for household liquidity, providing a new impetus for performance growth.
It is expected that the layout of the video business will lead to an outreach growth. The company will build a global 500-million-plus user pool, a video tour + news + social networking + music + tools + dissipation.
Qualifications code: s1190511030005 for finance, etc., to create a new international media and digital entertainment platform.
Quinlon Wanway (300418): Diversified investment layout, creation of a global entertainment platform.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report