Cultural Media Klon Wanvi Annual Report Review: Multiplatforms for synergistic development and enhanced liquidity Events: In 2016, companies achieved 2,425 million dollars in operating income, a year-on-year increase
Self-researching games are full-scale, mobile games are well-developed. Corporate game strategy is upgraded to a one-size-fits-all model of mobile end-of-pessip games, continuous roll-out of self-researched fine products, global development networks, deep localization versions, self-researching of the fine game Al, the Holy Ghost.
The game will focus on self-researching, targeting the year, and the self-research business will form a two-wheel drive with the proxy distribution business, and the mobile game business blocks, with the Klon game and free play at their core, will continue to develop robustly.
Three platforms drive business models up, and the flow of traffic continues to grow. The three platforms under the flag have total equity/flow (million shares) to cover global large users: 1 mobile (software store, 14 million mau) and brothsolft
The core offshore software shop platform business; social media business with the Opera news stream (browser and new 12-month high/minimum dollar) as its core (350 million mau); and grindr (men and women).
Three platform-level applications, with their own content distribution properties, can provide a channel for companies to promote online game business. In the future, as the data becomes available, the platform leads to an upgrade of the business model, thus enhancing liquidity and corporate valuation.
At the same time, companies have deployed the Internet through such means as outward investment, and investment realization provides a new impetus for performance growth. Keeping the “buy-in” rating of investments.
The four platforms of social media and subcultural social media have the capacity to provide comprehensive Internet value-added services to Internet users around the world, and the business model has been enriched by diversified ways of making cash, such as content payments, membership payments, advertising revenues.
Practice certificate code: ss 119051103005 Klon Vanvi Annual Report: Multi-platform Synergy Development, Increased Liquidation Capacity
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.