Acquisition of surplus shares in grindr, Internet platform war company rating: buy-in (maintenance) - Klonwanwi (300418.sz, buy-in)
Incident: The company announcement will be dominated by the Kunon Group, which will fund $152 million to acquire 38.47 per cent of the grindolding company share, east of the grindolding company, and upon completion of the acquisition, the Kunon Group will hold 100 per cent of the grindr interest.
The acquisition of the remaining shares of social software grindr, the Internet platform strategy, is firmly on the ground, and the company’s ability to implement it is high. This acquisition further clarifies the company’s Internet platform development strategy, and we value the executive power of the public sector, which believes that companies have the capacity to build a global flow platform, as of now.
In 2016, companies expanded their focus markets from the United States and Britain at the beginning of the year to North America, Latin America, Europe, and Europe.
In countries and regions such as South-East Asia, grindr achieved $286 million in 2016, net profit of $35.75 million, 17q1 income of $103 million and net profit of $8.18 million.
q2 Upline, The Ender, The Stars of September, q3 is expected to be on the line, q4 Death, q4 Rocky, Hope ol; 2, 16 years of acquisition of free time and recreation as a security recognition, China and China International, 177 New Zone Sons Avenue.
The registered head of the card model, the share of the local card market that has been playing with each other in the home card mode has reached 30%. To date, Dau will reach 4 million. With the opening of the new regional market this year, profits are expected to continue to burst; 3. Game development is important, and Kunlun provides strong power.
The company is always in a wave of Internet development through investment, and interesting shops are expected to be on the market in the United States.
R & D power has helped to keep the local card game market open, and the play business is expected to break out significantly in 2017; 2) The platform is active at 370 million a month, making it the world’s leading Internet traffic entrance.
14 million users, 7 million active users per month, 350 million active users per month, and 3) as corporate games and platform operations progress through, we expect companies to be successful in the market on the assumption that the value of their shareholdings will reach the value of $2.55 billion.
(b) Responsible professional attitudes, professional prudential research methods, using legally compliant information, and independent and objective presentation of the report and accountability for its content and opinions. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, is not, is not, is not.
This would be directly or indirectly relevant to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.