Leisure and table drive performance growth, hand-move investment bright brightness (research assistant) (first coverage)
527 million yuan, an increase of 113.6 per cent over the same period. The quarterly reports show that the company collected 850 million dollars, an increase over the same period.
This year, the company increased the number of its self-research products, which will be self-researched by 5 games and 7 items.
Quality agent games guarantee a high rate of growth in the company’s hand-by-hand performance. We believe that companies can hope to raise the Māori ratio and net interest rate of their products by raising the ratio of self-research games.
A rapid expansion of market share and effective reduction of sales rates and channels through a front-line familiarization model covers the online chess market in Hunan and Sichuan provinces.
A 30% share of the market for local chess games. An average monthly income of 80 million over 16 years, and a 90% Māori rate. We believe that, with increased concentration in the industry, the size of idle business has grown, and investment in the development strategy of “building a new international media and digital entertainment platform” has been built around the fun.
Twenty Internet-related enterprises, such as the guest, and the Xiangqiang, have received $405 million in investment earnings from the sale of equity over 16 years, contributing significantly to the company’s performance, highlighting its capacity and effectiveness, considering that there is more room for investment in subsequent projects. At the same time, the consumer finance platform for companies’ investments is interesting.
The value of the small share transfer made by his shareholders is already over 7.5 billion and has increased significantly in recent years, and now the fun phase is still in a period of rapid growth, with huge growth space, and the prospect of a strong return on listing is expected. We believe that the fun phase is not going to be on the market.
Only to further highlight the company’s excellent investment capacity, but also to create a stronger security margin for the company’s performance for 17 years and beyond. Profit forecasting and valuation: considering leisure and recreation, we expect the company to be in 2017-2019.
Industry company valuations are undervalued. For the first time, coverage is given with highly recommended ratings. Chess game policies are tightened.
Agency sales team Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River West Road, Guangzhou City