It's been a long time, and it's been a long time.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn, located in the town of Maotai, Guizhou, was listed in 2001. As of 2024h1, the accumulated cash share amounted to $271.441 billion, which is 136 times the amount of investment fund raised on the market.
During the era of price reduction, high-end wines were more than two, more than 90% of high-end wines and more than two. The name wine genes determined the height of the brand, and organizational management capacities were upgraded.
Brand end: the brand base is laid by the family of wine, with both domestic and international prizes for greater influence. Product end: “12987,” process standard setters, flight basics stable, huttop 1935 is 100 billion graders. Price end: volume relations are regulated, prices are raised.
There is a track record. At the end of the spectrum: expanding production and technological change to protect the escort, locking in sales four years in advance. At the end of the channel: from the dealer to the dealer, from the dealer to the diversified, i-pot, breaking the balance. At the end of the market: the domestic position is well established and the foreign market is actively expanding.
2- “Kuzhou Maotai (600519): sustained performance 1) macroeconomic downside risks; 2) output expansion below expectations; 3) growth in direct camps below expectations; 4) growth in huts 1935 below expectations; and 5) growth in i huts.
3 Guozhou Mao Dai (600519): since it was listed, it has been listed in more than 20 places, and it has been listed at the beginning of the century at 1.1.
The company sits in the town of Maotai in the town of Inyoi, in Guizhou Province, where the production and sale of a series of wines, the main product of which is Mautai and Mau Chai, is the country's nose and typical representative of the big sauce and white wine, organic food and national geo-biographical conservation products, and a Chinese card of the world's fragrance.
Founded on 20 November 1999, the company was co-sponsored by the Maotai Group and co-sponsored by seven other units, and now holds ownership shares in the Maotai Group. The company was listed in 2001 and has been listed for more than 20 years. The combined profits of the company ' s combined revenues and returns to the mother grew by more than 20%, with the company moving through the cycle of high growth and growing into a leader in the white wine industry.
The company is effectively controlled by the State Treasury Board of Guizhou, and the Maotai Group has 54.07% of the company's shares on the market, and is the first major shareholder. Of these, the Treasury Department of Guizhou has 100% of the shares in Guizhou Financial Holdings Limited.
The State Treasury Holdings 100% of the State Capital Operating Company Ltd., and the State Finance Committee 90% of the State Treasury Board, 90% of the State Treasury Group, are implemented in two instalments (annual and medium-term dividends). The market is paying more attention to the red rate of listed companies, and expects the red rate to increase its value to shareholders.
Not less than 75 per cent of the net profit of the mother in the year, with a two-time annual cash fraction (annual and medium-term) of two.2 In the era of price increases, high-end wines are over-two, the overall size of the white wines has increased steadily, and the trend towards brand differentiation is clear.
In January-June 2024, the total volume of white wine production continued to shrink, while total earnings and profits were still on the rise. In 2011-2023, the number of alcohol companies remained on the line.
The White Liquor industry as a whole has grown steadily and has been concentrated at the top and sub-high ends, with the current overall consumer-environmental impact, with a stronger branding and awareness leading to channel construction and consumer intellectual development, a stable overall pattern and a stronger resistance to risk: the sub-high liquor industry has expanded rapidly over the past few years in the form of large monolithics and has relied too much on canals.
Roads lead to low risk resistance in the down-cycle industry, with internal performance being divided; local brands and channels of real estate wine are strong to provide a more full-priced local market for products, which currently benefits from a 100-300-dollar public price band, with better performance on the part of alcohol producers with higher market shares or higher product structure.
The white wine industry has continued to concentrate on the head, and the share of the marketed liquor business has continued to rise. In 2023, the listed liquor industry accounted for 65.12% of the total revenue of the industry, which is significantly higher than in 2017 compared to +35.98pcts, and stock, where competition and head concentration trends are expected to continue.
High-end wines, sub-ends like Shanxi wines, high-structured real-estate wines like the present world's Jini Goongs have continued to rise. High-end alcohol patterns have stabilized, one or more two positions have been established, high-end alcohols have been growing double-digit and the market has been rising steadily.
In terms of calibre, we use authoritative data to analyse as much as possible. According to the National Statistics Office and the Li Watanabe shares, the high-end liquor store has increased from $51.2 billion in 2017 to $95.2 billion in 2021, and is expected to grow to $166.4 billion in 2026, with the Maotai family alone and the two-strong stable.
Large, five grain fluids and the cellar 1573 followed, showing a pattern of "one-by-two" competition. Super-high ends, thousands of unpriced belts, mainly five grains, and 1573. In addition, other high-end wine brands include ceremonials, gins, m9, internals, and so on. According to forward-looking economics, the five countries together now account for about 94% of the high-end wine market, of which the dots are among the top five countries.
High-end alcohol is a monopoly. High-end alcohol competition is based on brand names, bringing high levels of Maori and stability.
The Māori rate has remained generally stable at over 90%, and the high-end Māori rate for other mainstream alcohol companies is significantly higher than the middle-end product and is highly profitable. In addition, during the 2013-2014 readjustment in the white wine industry, higher-end alcohol increased and fluctuated even less, and remained stable in the 2022 volatile market environment.
Strong alcohol companies naturally have the advantage of having high consumer awareness and reputational effects, and high-end pricing without having to invest in multiple-channel construction costs can attract consumers by relying on the strong propagating nature of the product itself, with lower price sensitivity ... price increases are easier and more effective, and together constitute high-end alcohol's strong profitability.
We believe that the barriers to high-end wine competition are rooted in their brands, followed by high-quality production and price strategies. High-end white wine needs to better meet consumers’ needs for spiritual and social attributes, so brand power must be the most important determinant, and whether or not a product has a high-end gene fundamentally determines its ability to maintain a high-end price belt.
In recent years, the high-end white market has emerged as a new brand, but only products with real high-end brand attributes can emerge from the higher-end market, where competition is increasing. And the alcohol industry needs to have adequate production capacity.
The right price strategy to reach the high-end liquor market in the long term from top-level strategic design. 3; The height of branding, organizational management, 3.1. Branding: branding of brands based on branding of wine, with national and international prizes.
In 1862, Hua Xianghui set up a “Chang Xu's House” to further develop it, a period that featured such products as “Mau Chun”, “Mau-Tai Spring”, “Go back to the sarcophagus” as a result of a river voyage.
In 1915, the Ministry of Agriculture and Commerce of the North Atlantic Army, during the Pan Amán Expo, held in San Francisco, United States of America.
In 1951, the Inhua District People's Government, by confiscating, taking over, buying and selling the three burning houses, made them state-owned.
In July 1996, with the approval of the provincial government, the former provincial liquor factory in Guizhou was transformed into a State-owned sole-sourced company and renamed China.