The growth rate is improving on a quarterly basis, and investment revenue performance is impressive.
High growth in business income; net profit return ratio +3.37 per cent; credit cost optimized as a major contribution, with credit cost equal to 0.04 ptt for a single season year.
The rate of increase in net interest earnings has been positive for the single season, the advantages of individual housing loans have been maintained, and the cash flow from operating consumer loans has been positive: in 2024, net corporate interest income was 4.43 per cent, and in 2024q4 the rate was 0.17 per cent for the first quarter, and the rate of increase from 2023q2 mainly benefited from the savings repricing effect. Specifically, the rate of return on assets and the cost of paying interest liabilities
Research assistant Yuan Shijun, other non-interest income increases and investment revenue performance is impressive: corporate non-interest income was on par in 2024, overall poor, concern was on the decline, retail risk was on the rise: corporate non-interest lending was on the rise at the end of 2024
At 1.34 per cent, the ratio of loans of concern to 1.89 per cent was the same ratio as 3.bp, -55bp, and the balance of non-performing loans was the same as +32bp, with a higher rate of bad business loans and credit card loans. At the end of 2024, the company provided coverage.
This adequacy rate will be further increased by 0.49 pct. Investment proposal: Corporations as one of the major State-owned businesses, with a clear integration advantage, market shares and dividends, all leading the business, dividend values, sustained promotion of housing rental, inclusive finance, financial science and technology.
"Strategic" shift, gradually releasing results. Good performance, narrow interest spreads, robust scale of negative capital, Figure 3: Net interest income and rate of increase in construction banks, Figure 4: Net interest differentials in construction banks and negative return/cost rates
Figure 5: Size and acceleration of construction bank loans Figure 6: Size and speed of construction bank loans to public and retail loans I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.