3x10 (00205.sz) Steam Zero has been steadily rising, with cooling growing faster, with 2025h1 operating income increasing by 19% on a year-on-year basis. Public Division 2025h1 achieved operating income of $16.26 billion, an increase of 18.9% on a year-on-year basis.
2) Refrigeration and AC Electric Industries actively adjusts market strategies to stabilize large households and seizes high growth opportunities while promoting lower efficiency gains and steadily increasing market share. Māori sales are 29.27%, Māori sales + 1.44 pt, ring + 2.44 pt, net sales interest rate
The same ratio +0.65 pct, the Māori rate for the zero operations is 27.96%, and the same ratio +0.65 pct, the increase in profit margins benefits from the implementation of efficiency-related initiatives. 2025q2 company sales, management, R & D, financial fees + 0.8 pct, sales, management and R & D costs have decreased, mainly as a result of efficiency gains.
A number of heat management products are the world’s leading markets, driving globalization. Corporate air-conditioning electronic expansion valves, four-way valves, electromagnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers, omega pumps, electric expansion valves for cars, new energy car heat management integrated component products are the world’s leading.
1) Refrigeration operations: Use multi-point base layouts in Vietnam, Mexico, Thailand, etc., to respond positively to tariff challenges. 2) Steam zero operations: ongoing construction of factories and new production capabilities in Mexico, Poland and China, Shenyang, Tianjin, Hangzhou, Shao Heng Bay.
Focus on technological improvements in robotic products, opening up new growth points. In robotics, companies focus on technological improvements in a variety of key model products, working with clients to develop a full range of products, Triple Smart Control (002050.sz) 2024 with a small increase in net profits and zero robots.
Testing, overlaying, sending samples, obtaining high ratings from clients, and achieving a series of innovations around the existing product, Triple Smart Control (00205.sz) - Three Quarters Net Profit Increase, Focusing on Robots. In January 2024, the company signed the Investment Agreement for the Project of the Triple Smart Industrial Center for the Future.
" Triple Smart Control (002050.sz) - Māori Uplift, Focusing on New Growth Points in Robots " , paper, with a total planned investment of not less than $5 billion, including 1 project) leading up to the company ' s holding subsidiary, the Electronic Smart Transcoder Control Project, 2), the Triple Smart Robotic Server Implementation Project,
The company continues to enhance the layout of its operations in the field of imitation robotics, and is expected to develop in the long-term perspective of the head of heat management -
Investment proposals: maintain profit forecasts, maintain a “better than the big market” rating.
A steady upturn in the zero business and a faster growth in the refrigeration business, with 2025h1 operating income rising by 19% on a year-on-year basis. Three smarts managed to achieve business income of 16.26 billion yuan for 2025h1, an increase of 18.9 per cent for the same year, a net return to the mother of 2.11 billion.
In the case of refrigeration and air-conditioning appliances, companies have been active in adjusting market strategies to secure large customers, seizing high growth opportunities by strengthening overseas market layouts, while promoting efficiency gains and a steady increase in market share. In the case of refrigeration operations, 2025h1 generated $10.39 billion.
Other cost rates have decreased on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of reduced interest income and exchange rate earnings, and mainly as a result of positive corporate growth in efficiency gains.
Figure 3: Net corporate return profit and rate of increase (billion yuan, %) Figure 4: Net corporate return profit and rate of increase (billion yuan, %) Figure 5: Māori rate and net interest rate of the company (%)
Figure 6: Māori rate and net interest rate of a single quarter of a company (%) The company ' s research and application of heat pump technology and heat management system products are at its core and horizontal product categories are expanded, including upgrading to technology and developing integrated modules.
The company’s air conditioning electronic expansion valves, quadruple swaps are currently the world’s leading market for products such as valves, electromagnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers, and the 0mega Springs. The new energy car heat management business remains the global leader.
The market for integrated components of auto heat management is the highest in the world. New-energy auto sales have been increasing, and zero operations are expected to go with mainstream new-energy car customers.
Water coolers, electrical pumps, electro-inflated valves, new energy vehicle heat management systems using heat pump air conditioners, increased from around $2,000 to about $6,000 in conventional fuel heat management systems, increased by two times in value, and the company's active layout component integration and heat management system programme, moving from “mechanical component development” to “electricity”
Sub-control integrated systems control technology solutions have been upgraded, product expansion has been scaled up, and the value of corporate heat pipes has been further increased. Companies are now Volvo, Gilly, Fareo, Mahler, Popular, Mercedes, BMW, Toyota, General,
Millions of yuan, an increase of 17.1% over the same year, representing 92% of the income from the auto parts business, are expected to benefit fully from the rapid growth in the new energy-generating automotive industry. With years of experience in overseas operations, globalization is being promoted.
The company has many years of experience operating abroad in the field of steam zero. The company has its own companies in the United States, Europe, Japan, India, and the United States of America, which was founded in 2011, has accumulated experience in its operations. The United States of America has established two Sun companies in the United States of America, Michigan and Mexico, and in June 2017, it organized txv.
The production line was launched in October 2022 at the second phase of the Mexican Industrial Park.
Local assembly and marketing, which reached production in 2014, with a design capacity of 500,000. Japan ' s Sanhua was established in 2008 to deal mainly with sales and technical support for customers in Japan and South-East Asia. Europe ' s Three Flowers are also oriented towards sales and technical support for customers in Europe.
A cooperation agreement was signed in April 2022 for the joint construction of a plant in Poland (51 per cent of the stock held by the three flowers), the first phase of which was mainly concerned with the development of water coolers, the first of which was currently offline in May 2023.
The development of the layout and human resource base to respond positively to tariff challenges and improve the availability of localized parts and components for global clients: the implementation of the global supply map through the ongoing construction of factories and new production capabilities in Mexico, Poland and China, Shenyang, Tianjin, Hangzhou, Shao Heng Bay.
Based on company hand orders as at 30 September 2023, battery and electronic heat management products, electrically driven heat tubes, cabin heat management products, whole-car heat management products and microchannel heat exchange units are expected to produce 9,924.11 million units per year, 2,677.2 million units per year, 85,83.5 million units per year, 22,889.97 million units in 2027.
Table 1: gdr ' s fund-raising project ' s customer reserve for products, and technical improvements around hand orders (as of 30 September 2023) for multi-robot-related products, resulting in overall product upgrading. Artificial intelligence and imitation robotics are moving into fast lanes, and the future will change the way of human life and reshape the global economy.
On robotics, companies focus on a number of key products, making technological improvements, working with clients on a full range of product development, testing, replication, sampling, obtaining high ratings, and producing a series of innovations around existing products.
Human robot implementers are more similar to the core processes of the company ' s electronic pump-type products, all of which include pressurization, emplacing, machine processing, welding, surface treatment, electrical circuits, pcba patches, assembly, etc. The company has continued to develop and expand its research based on heat management pumps, valves, heat exchangers and, as of 2024, the company has been authorized by national and international patents.
Of the 4252 inventions, 2,261 were patented, and the company has now accumulated technology of the same origin as pump valves that can be applied to robotic machine appliance products.
At the conference, the two parties will co-finance a joint venture at the Sanhua Mexican Industrial Park, where the main business of the joint venture will be the harmonization of the speed-depressors and the strengthening of cooperation in the robotic industrial chain. In terms of storage capacity, the company will focus on the main clients, closely track developments in the technology of the storage system, and keep track of the storage system.
Market opportunities for the thermal management of spare parts. 2024 Major investment: the Samurai Centre for Future Industries project, 4 January 2024.
84%) Agreement on Investment of the Project of the Samurai Industries Centre for the Future, signed with the Hangzhou Quandong New District Management Board, with a total planned investment of not less than $5 billion, including: 1 Project for Advanced Electronic Intelligent Frequency Controls
The first-way electronic FOC frequency controller operation, which is planned to invest in the construction of a base for the production of the first-way smart frequency controller in the Pinnang area, has a total planned investment of not less than $1.2 billion.2 The three-way smart robot server implementer project, the thermal management domain controller project
The company intends to invest in the construction of robotic electron and domain controllers in the Pond Zone (with the aim of providing integration for customers) The layout above facilitates the company's upgrading from “Mine Department Development” to “System Control Technology Solutions for Electronic Control Integration” to a potential growth point in the direction of switching control technology and system integration upgrading.
Investment recommendations: maintain profit projections and maintain a “better than the big market” rating. Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and conclusions are free from any third party's approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future