The semi-annual review in 2025 of Sanhua Smart Control (002050.sz) met expectations, simulating robots to expand the new growth curve \triangleright
\triangleright Dun Yongkang Continuous increase in the profitability of the refrigeration business and product optimization drive growth. 2025h1 Refrigeration air conditioning spare parts
\triangleright 28.21%, plus 0.65 pcts. During the reporting period, the company stepped up its overseas market expansion and maintained electronic seating for air conditioners.
The expansion valves, the near exclusive status of the electromagnetic valves, and so on, drive the market for iterative products. The company’s market share has steadily increased by optimizing the structure of product sales, boosting the efficiency of precipitation and the global distribution of production capacity.
Steam zero operations are growing robustly, and the global layout is deepening. 2025h1 Automobile Parts and Components Camp \triangleright is equipped to match market demand, both to hedge tariff risks and to reinforce the stickyness of international customers, the company core.
1. Tribute Control (002050.sz) 2024 Annual Report Review: Performance over-expected, storage power and robotic operations opened up to simulating robotics in strategic layout, building a third growth curve.
Long ceiling 2025/03/29, successfully cut into the imitation robotic electron executor manufacturing field. Focus on multi-key model products for technology 2. 3-tribe smart control (002050.sz) semi-annual 2024
The company has six research and development centres and 4,387 domestic and foreign patents authorized during the reporting period.
At the same time, the company continues to optimize the light-quantity and high-precision performance of its products, and the imitation robots are rated in the first quarter of 024: the auto parts and components business has increased and is expected to be the third largest core growth pole of the company.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.