3x10: High performance of 2025q2 meets expectations, strategic business expansion potential events: 28/8/2025, semi-annual 2025 report released by 3x25. 20-25H1 Mt. 2025h1 power cooling industries are growing rapidly and overseas markets are performing well.
2025h1 RAC electrical parts and parts and parts of cars generated $10,389 million (+25.49%) and $5,874 million (+8.83%) respectively. The faster growth of domestic electricity and refrigeration services has been driven by the steady growth of large households and the expansion of the use of core products.
(a) Accelerated layout, focusing on technological improvements in multiple key models, and continuous product innovation. (b) Sub-regionally, 2025h1 has better domestic/foreign revenues, and markets and production patterns continue to improve.
The Māori Division rate of 29.27 per cent (+1.44 pct) is dominated by the benefits of product structural optimization and reduced efficiency gains. 2) Sales and management cost rates are optimized and cost efficiencies are improved. < < Tribute smart control: 2024q4 performance is stable
Investment proposals: At the end of the industry, the global heat management market demand continues to thrive, clean and reduce carbon and China maintain a double-digit growth in the industry of zero-carbons - energy efficiency upgrades or growth points in the refrigeration and air-conditioning parts and components sector, downstream
Energy cars grow or drive upstream demand for auto parts and components. At the corporate end, global heat management leads, formerly < < < 3x4q1 < non-net profit double-digits > to create new growth poles such as visual simulation robots, deepening global production and revenue performances
Growth, in 2023, with a zero-breeding surge -- up against the tide, the storage business is expected to open up to a third research assistant: Kim Kiyo-woon.
3x10: high performance of 202,0202 meets expectations, strategic business expansion potential 3x6: high performance of 2025q2 meets expectations, strategic business expansion time frame Pacific Securities Co. Ltd.
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
If you are not a signatory of the Pacific Securities Agreement, cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not be considered a customer of the Pacific Securities as a result of receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report