A robust growth in performance, with bio-simulators expanding the new growth curve - semi-annual report of the Tribute Control (002050.sz) in 2025.
Revenue from the industry was $10,389 million, an increase of 25.49 per cent over the previous year; in the case of automobile spare parts operations, companies actively adjusted market strategies to secure large customers, seized high growth opportunities through the strengthening of overseas markets, kept pace with technological frontiers and broadened the application of core products;
The maintenance of electronic expansion valves, near exclusive approximation status of electromagnetic valves, etc. for the maintenance of air conditioners in order to increase market ownership of the dominant products and promote the marketing of iterative products.
The company ' s annual business approach, which focuses on fine farming, promotes internal efficiency gains, achieves management effectiveness, client pains and products, consensus-building at the point of sale, fragmentation of spare parts and craft equipment, etc.
Power, softness, intelligentization of poles, self-researching, development of digital intelligence and i-applications, active application of new tools such as digital workers, ai, etc. Strategic layout of new business, opening up growth space. Corporate strategic layouts imitate robotics.
In the first half of 2025, the company focused on a number of key models for technology improvements, working with clients to develop a full range of products, test them, duplicate them, deliver samples, get high ratings from clients, and get a series of spin-offs around the present.
Product-based innovations have led to an overall increase in product power. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: companies are the world ' s largest refrigeration control element and the leading global manufacturer of components for auto heat management systems, and the dual-owned industry is growing steadily, with strategies.
"Sweet growth of the two main industries, new and emerging business in strategic configurations": annual report, 2024, 31,672 million yuan, 36,725 million yuan and 43,654 million yuan in operating income, net return to the mother.
In the area of company layout simulation robotics, it is expected that this will lead to higher corporate valuations and to a less than anticipated expansion of the “growing” emerging business; less than expected demand for refrigeration and air-conditioning electrical parts; and international trade and exchange-rate risks.
\triangleright Comparable Corporate Valuation Statement (29 August 2025) is attached to this report.
I am not interested in the securities that have been evaluated or recommended. I am not interested in this report.