The company was established in 1956 as a drug factory in the province of Kyushu, and in 2003 it was placed on the market in our country.
In 2006, the company became one of the first companies identified by the State Department of Commerce as the “old Chinese word”; in July 2020, it acquired 51% of the Heilongjiang drug industry, and acquired the product of the national medicine, Bo-Am's max (both natural and natural musk)
The company's main business consists of the pharmaceutical industry, the pharmaceutical business and the make-up industry, the pharmaceutical industry's main product consists of the two cores of the  series, the  series and the   series, the  and the   series, which contributes nearly 99% of the proceeds of the pharmaceutical industry, including the company's exclusive property.
In terms of the equity structure, the country’s absolute holdings and the major shareholders’ shares in the Xiaolongjiang Group account for 51.3% of the total shareholdings.
The structure of state holdings is stable. The two balance between the final product price balance, the supply and demand balance of the core material, the price balance of the final product, the price increase of the product and the final sales balance.
The raw materials contain precious raw materials such as natural mussels, cattle, and yellow, with autonomous pricing rights. The continued upturn in upstream raw materials and the high market demand downstream are the main driving forces behind the price increases for major products. Since 2004, there have been more than 20 cumulative increases in factory or terminal prices for the sale of small-scale products within and outside the country, the most recent of which has been mentioned.
In May 2023, domestic sales plants and terminal retail prices were substantially increased by $170, and the final retail price is now $760 per grain, with export prices rising accordingly. In 2019-2024, company hepatopathies (billion yuan, annual compound increases of up to 19.5%).
As a result of the analysis and marketing of stocks, the last two major price increases in the series did not have a significant impact on the volume of products sold, with a stock of only 141,000 boxes at the end of 2024, stock levels continuing to decline, and future sales balancing the supply of and demand for core materials. The main ingredients of the company’s main product, the platinum, consisted of natural musk and natural yolk.
Natural cow-yellow raw materials are procured through market enquiries, and the purchase price follows the market; natural musk is purchased through an administrative permit from the National Forestry Service, strictly in accordance with the country’s relevant regulations.
At the end of the year, the stock of raw materials was increased to 321 billion yuan, accounting for approximately 2.95 billion yuan in mussels and cow yolk, an increase of 118 per cent over 2022, which is a strong guarantee for the production of the products of the company’s main product, tiles and ammonium.
A sustainable supply of mussels: The downside of the import policy is expected to ease the natural supply and price pressures. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In 2023, the sales volume of the underline real drug store reached $5 billion, or about 83.3 per cent of the overall market, with combined sales of both natural and mono-natural products accounting for about 75 per cent. The domestic market was characterized by a competitive pattern of "exceeding " competition.
From 96 million yuan in 2021 to 284 million yuan in 2024, and from 2021 to 2024 the year of harvest, but the strength of good products gives companies the ability to charge future price increases to absorb the cost pressures, with a series of ammonium maxes opening up the second-growth curve of the company's cerebrovascular medicine.
• Profit forecasting, valuation and rating: 25 x, 40 times pe (2025e) and company valuations higher than comparable corporate averages; this pressure; 2, risk to the quality of pharmaceutical production, resulting in impaired brand image; 3, principal product , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
The price increases for the Antxil macaroni have led to the risk of falling demand in the market.4 The pilot imports of cow and yellow have fallen short of expectations, and natural valuables cannot support further expansion of production. 25 x, 40 times the price of pe (2025e) and the company’s valuation is higher than the average of comparable companies; the company’s 10 companies are unable to support further expansion of production.
Down the block, the historical range of the ten-year long-term pe (ttm) valuations is only 6.5%, and the business branches of the company are for the first time “recommended” to include the pharmaceutical industry, pharmaceutical commerce, cosmetics, and others.
1. Hepatitis medications: Hepatitis medications, which are the company ' s core exclusive products, are used separately to reflect the reduced cost pressure and price increases of the cow and yellow raw material after the piloting of the importation. 2) Cardiovasculars: Cardiovasculars are the company ' s second-largest product line, mainly the Angryopaz.
The price of Chinese medicinal raw materials, especially natural cow butter, natural musk, has stabilized or declined: the impact of the pilot project on the import of natural cow butter from the core material has been higher than expected; the rise in social consumption has been driven by rising consumption.1 The price of natural precious raw materials, such as cow butter and musk, has continued to rise significantly, with significant cost pressures:
2. Product quality risks, resulting in a loss of brand image;
The company was established in 1956 as a drug factory in the province of Jiazhou and in 1999 created a stock in the drug industry in the province of Luangzhou.
In 2006, the company became one of the first companies identified by the Ministry of National Commerce as the “old Chinese word” and in July 2020, it acquired 51% of the share in the Heilongjiang drug industry and acquired the national medicine, the Bo-Amiya ox max (both natural and natural musk)
The cerebral cerebral vascular medications are introduced into the product series.
There are a wide range of intermediate drugs, including hepatopathic drugs (the cylindrical series), cardiovascular drugs (the cerebral cerebrovascular pill), colds, and skin medicine.
It's a variety that uses the strategy of making good films, making big ones, making big cosmetics. It's a movie of good things. It's a variety of things. It's based on the top-secret formulation of the core country.
The sale of histopathological products for the second year in a row, 2023-2024, was about 20 per cent high, reaching $5 billion in 2024, or $5.31 billion; and the sale of cardiovascular medicine (Anmiya Xanax) was close.
300 million yuan: in 2023, a Xanax was ranked first in the category of liver urinary drugs from the Skycat and the Kyoto Platform, and the "Long River Cotang Po" won the first name of the cross-border drug plate from the Great Kitang Pharmacy and the second name of the Top 10 drug from the Healthy Pharmacists abroad from the Antong Pharmacy, respectively, at a sales value of 265 million yuan.
The cosmetics business is run by the controlling subsidiary Fujimori Chak Mask, Ltd., and has a variety of brands, such as Queens and Queens, including Queens and Queens and Pearl Frost, as well as a series of skin protection, washing, dressing and lubricating. In 2024, the cosmetics business received $752 million, including the Queens.
The sale of pearl cream is worth hundreds of millions of dollars, while the main product series is an overview of the company's core product, which comes from the last year of the Ming Dynasty and has almost 500 years of history.
One of the drug protection varieties in the state's top secret formulations, the traditional production techniques of which are selected for the national list of intangible cultural heritages, continues for many years to be among the top export leaders of China's Chinese medicaments, known as the “Chinese symbol” on the “Sea Silk Road” and is well known both at sea and abroad.
It's called "silk" when it's originally a soybean agent, and it's a sliced slicer, and it's a southern word, and it's called "silk" when it's a hot swollen pain. It's got two types of soybean and capsule. It has the same composition and function, and one of them is dominated. It's a traditional medium agent, and it's also important for the country.
One of the oldest types of agents is an internal coating, a shredding, an appropriate dose of warm water, and a powdering, water or vinegar blending to paste. The capsule has features that are easy to carry, easy to take, precise in doses, and is suitable for a modern, fast-paced lifestyle.
In July 2020, the company acquired 51% of the company ' s shares in the Heilongjiang drug industry.
Right, to receive a copy of the Xanax (both natural) product. The Xanax is based on traditional techniques such as the ancient method of making musk and the Xaox. At present, the Xanax Xiangyi Xiangyi Xiangyi has been successfully marketed.
Figure 6: A picture of a product of a pavilion pavilion pavilion (both natural) 1.3. Operations: a pharmaceutical industry film on a pavilion plus pavilion pavilion double core. Commercial Maori rates continue to rise.
In 2019-2024, corporate gross operating income increased from a compound rate of 16.7 per cent, and the annual compound increase in net profit returns was significantly higher than the rate of revenue. In recent years, corporate Maori as a whole has fallen, mainly from the upwards of 2022 to the higher prices of pharmaceutical raw materials, especially natural cow yellow and natural musk.
Under the sub-business, the company's main business consists of three main branches: the pharmaceutical industry, the pharmaceutical business and the cosmetics business; the pharmaceutical industry, for the production of home-grown medicaments; and the main products are the hepatic medicine (the cylindrical series) and the cardiovascular medicine (the Angry Palace).
Medicines, the company's headquarters and the Heilongjiang Pharmacy industry are responsible for the production of the two main varieties.
The annual compound rise in the Ministry’s harvest was 20.0%, significantly higher than the annual compound increase of about 5% for the entire Chinese pharmaceutical industry in Shin. Prices of pharmaceutical raw materials increased more sharply upstream, particularly the short-term rise in natural cow and musk (naturally, the increase in the price of cow and yellow is about 153% and natural musk is about 33%) and the company’s pharmaceutical industry branch, Maori, is growing year by year.
As a result of the terminal price increases, which offset some of the pressure on raw materials, the Māori rate has fallen relative to that of the pharmaceutical industry, which is close to 99%. The pharmaceutical content of the company’s pharmaceutical industry covers a wide range of areas such as hepatic medicine, cardiovascular medicine, cold medicine, dermatology medicine, among others.
In 2024, $5.31 billion, or about 93.8 per cent of the pharmaceutical industry, was the largest single product in the company; in 2024, 280 million yuan, or about 5.0 per cent, were used for cardiovascular medicine; and in 1998.8 per cent of the pharmaceutical industry was contributed by the tiles and the Angkor cattle.
Collections, other types of medicines, together, accounted for only 1.2 per cent of the total.
Cosmetics operations: Recovering revenue growth, with a stable Māori rate at a higher level. The cosmetics business is mainly run by the controlling subsidiary, the Queen's and the Queen's brands.
The Division's cosmetics operations were affected by the epidemic, with successive declines in the 2020-2022 harvest, from $910 million in 2020 to the 2020-2024 collection of a small cosmetics business and the Māori rate  the same ratio as the Māori rate per cent.
1.4. Equity structure: absolute holdings of state capital, specialization of subsidiaries Total holdings of state capital. The composition of shareholders is relatively simple, with 51.3% of shareholders in the Xilongjiang Group of Xiangzhou, the majority shareholders in the Xilongjiang Group, as well as the state capital operating group of Xiangzhou, limited traffic development in Xiangzhou and Fujianjiang.
Other State holdings, such as the Dragon Group, were 3.33 per cent, 1.04 per cent and 0.84 per cent, respectively, and the proportion of companies with accumulated State holdings was 56.51 per cent. In addition, China Securities and Finance Company Ltd. held 1.87 per cent of shares, shareholders in State holdings had strong control over the absolute majority of the company ' s shares. Other public shareholders were individuals, central settlements in Hong Kong, public fund-raising funds in the interior and private collection agencies.
The branches operate in a specialized division of labour. The divisions of specialization and positioning between the different branches of business can help companies to focus on core areas of business and improve their efficiency and professionalism. The key upstream medicine is smelt, and the establishment of the scaffold and Sichuan scaffolding industries is limited.
The mother’s company produces a platinum series and a variety of other medicines, and the owner of the lyceum medicine is an Antxl. The sale is carried out downstream by the public department, which has limited medicine and limited medicine, and seeks to extend the “distribution, maintenance, and extension” of the pharmaceutical distribution chain; and the cosmetics industry.
A change in the stock system has led to the creation of the Fujian Chai cosmetics stock, which will facilitate future market segmentation.2 The two balance between the volume balance of the final product, the supply of core raw materials 2.1, and the continuing price increase of the raw material supply and demand imbalance, which is the main driving force behind the price increase for the main product.2
Natural musk, natural oxen and yellow raw materials account for a larger portion of the cost of the company’s main product. The main components are musk, cow butter, snake chords, and 37 of the company’s own product, based on the main ingredients disclosed in the foreign version, which make up 3% of the musk, 5% of the cow’s yellow, 785% of the field and 7% of the snake’s chore.
According to the company ' s 2024 disclosure of the cost of hispatopathic drugs, 96.5 per cent of the material was connected, and the total cost of direct labour and manufacturing was only about 3.5 per cent of the cost.
The cost of the two expensive raw materials is estimated at close to $190 (3g/ballo specifications), based on a price of 67.9 per cent of the hepatic medicine used in 2024, while the main product of the company, the main component of the veal vessel veal, also contains raw materials such as yellow, musk and other ingredients, in 2024.
In terms of composition, direct materials accounted for 96.3 per cent, direct labour and manufacturing costs for 1.5 per cent and 2.2 per cent, respectively, the share of upstream raw materials was more than 96 per cent in both main products, while the price of raw materials increased or dropped to an analysis of the cost structure of the two main products, figure 15: 2024.
Figure 16: Cost structure analysis of cardiovascular medicine (Anse Palace) 2024 Cost of cardiovascular medicine (Anmiya max) 2024 consists of a constant increase in the price of natural musk and cow butter from upstream raw materials. Our natural musk market is filled with stocks of musk, other than the original stock of musk.
In addition to the demand for adequate medicines, in recent years, forest musk farming has been carried out in Sãoxi Feng County and Sichuan Abbang County, but it is still difficult to meet the domestic market demand for natural musk. Natural musk is bought and sold by the National Forestry Service, the pharmaceutical companies are quotaed, the use is lacking transparent market offers, but in early 2024 the price of natural musk in the drug market in Sichuan County was met.
The market price for artificial musk is also at about $50,000/kg for a long period of time. Natural cow yolk is a pathogenic cow, usually formed naturally in older cattle over five years of age, and the probability of demand is found to be in a state of long supply and demand stress, leading to rising prices, especially in 2023-2024.
However, the price of cow yellow has continued to rise rapidly, with the market price of natural cow yolk rising at $650,000 per kilogram in January 2023, after which it has risen rapidly to 1.65 million yuan in March 2024, and has been under pressure from the main products, Hepatotic Medicines (Photo) and the Māori ratio of the ammonium yolk pill.
The composition consists of both natural yolk and natural mussels, and the company’s two products are under pressure as the raw materials of yolk and mussels continue to increase. By moving the cost through the product price increase, the price of the titanium was raised twice in 2020-2024 at $60 and $170/particle, respectively, and the retail price of the domestic end market for the 3g soybean product was raised from $530/particle to the present.
For 760 yuan/particles, the cumulative price increase was 43.4 per cent, the company ' s Māori rate for hepatitis drugs, which is dominated by , was higher than that for 2020, and was strongly influenced by the increase in prices in the natural yolk market since 2022, and the Māori rate for     continued to decline from 50.7 per cent in 2021 to 14.2 per cent in 2024, with a cumulative decline of 36.5 pct in four years.
2.2. Price increases and end-volume balances: whether price increases will counter the demand for end-points has been raised more than 20 times since the company was listed in 2003. The price of end-prices in the series has been raised more than twice as high as $760/particle. Prior to 2017, the price increases were higher for internal and external sales, and the base prices were higher.
Two; in 2020, three years later, the price was raised again, the retail price for the internal market was increased from $530 to $590, the retail price for the end of the factory was $760 per grain, and the export price for the export was substantially increased accordingly. No adjustment was made to the prices for the plant and the end market in the years, 2021 and 2022, and the sales were increased largely by sales.
The price factor contributed 10.3 per cent of the increase in the sales of hepatopathic drugs in 2020 (January 2020: 24.3 per cent increase in the sales of hepatopathological drugs in January 2020, taking into account the May price increase, with an average annual price of approximately 515 yuan/particle, of which the price factor contributed 19.7 per cent (430 yuan at the beginning of the year and about 600 yuan at the end of the year).
In terms of stocks of products and products, the company ' s hepatopathic drugs were sold in the period 2021-2024, and stock levels have remained low. As a result, since 2019, the company has made two large price increases to the main product plate series, which have not had a significant impact on the volume of products sold, and stock levels have continued to decline.
2.3. Balance of supply and demand for raw materials: whether core raw materials support the continued production and distribution of small-scale products. The main ingredients of the company’s main product are natural mussels and natural yolk.
Prices are purchased, prices are marketed; natural musk is subject to administrative authorization from the National Forestry Service, and is strictly subject to a strict quota for the use of natural musk in our country. The company has been using Chinese medicine for the first batch of natural musk infestations.
In July 2005, the National Forest and Herb Bureau first approved five companies that use natural musk, including a small family, a Beijing compatriot, a Shanghai/Suzhou Reyung and a Chinese pharmaceutical factory.
A total of 27 medicines (sub-plant names), with the exception of enterprises using musk, are replaced by artificial musk and are required to identify “artificial musk” among the main ingredients of the drug. The management of access to natural musk and the management of production quota systems for the use of natural musk is a serious barrier to entry for the public administration and related enterprise products.
The company’s demand for natural mussels and natural cow-yellow raw materials has continued to rise as the amount of medicines sold has risen. In 2024, the company sold $5.31 billion in hepatopathic drugs, with the same content as the capsule content, at a price of 600 yuan/particles, for the sale of 8.85 million pyres (three-g specification), or about 8.85 million pyres (3g/powder) per pill.
3% of natural musk and 5% of natural cow butter, corresponding to 0.09g musk and 0.15g cow yolk, respectively, we calculate that the consumption of natural mussels is around 796.5 kg, and the supply of natural mussels comes from two sources, namely, the original stock of mussels (including the annual national stock quota and the public stock).
Second, forest mussels are raised to take the fragrance, which is the key to ensuring the long-term sustainability of natural mussels, and the policy is to encourage Chinese pharmaceutical companies to cultivate the fragrance to alleviate the long-term supply of natural musk. The country is growing in size, but the fragrance is still in large supply and demand gaps.
In 2024, the country’s largest stocking base and the main production area for Chinese molybdenums were planted in Feng County, where forest mussels grew by over 42,000 and produced 180 kg of musk per year. The country produced about 200 kg per year, owing to forest mollum-farming restrictions, while the country’s natural musk needs are about 1,000 kg per year, and the supply and demand gap is still dependent on its original stock of musk.
As natural musk resources became scarce, companies pre-positioned strategic stocks, while also actively deploying musk-raising, promoting the industrialization of scavengers and scavengers, and developing scavengers. In 2007, the company set up a small scabbard business with 60% shareholding and a registered capital of 44 million yuan.
In Sichuan, the Sichuan Qi Xiangjiang industry was also established, with a registered capital of 17 million yuan, with 43.34 per cent of the company holding a share in the company, an enterprise that had earlier been engaged in silviculture and controlled the supply of natural musk raw materials from the source of the main production. The company accelerated the process of industrialization through the establishment of a standardized silviculture base, in Tai Bai County, Ningjong County, and Tibet in Shaanxi Province.
The development of the local forest herb production industry has been facilitated by the construction of demonstration bases for the production of forest mussels in border dam districts and other areas, the active development of agricultural mussels, and the provision of services for farmers such as smelting, disease diagnosis and co-construction. The promotion of the conservation of endangered animal stocks and the sustainable exploitation of musk raw materials has contributed to the long-term stabilization of the future supply of musk raw materials.
In addition, the company worked on the development of a collaborative platform for the safeguarding of raw materials, the formation of a high-level team of experts and the creation of a joint laboratory on musk biology at the University of Chiai-Northwestern Agroforestry and Technology, the joint laboratory on musk biology at the University of Forestry in Beijing, and the joint research centre on highland musculars at the Beijing University of Forestry — Tian Chai Chai Bei County Government, to improve production.
The Sansilin Musk Base has been honoured with the "Model Base for Quality Dharma Pharmacy", the "Ten Model Plantation Base for Quality Dharma Pharmacology" and the "Model Base for Medium Pharmacy Brands in 2023" and the creation of the country's first scavenging management and the full-scale traceability system and farm farming app to accelerate the country's scavenger production.
Process of industrialization, promotion of conservation of endangered animal stock and sustainable exploitation of musk raw materials, and provision of security for the long-term stabilization of the supply of musk raw materials from future companies, mainly natural musk and cow yolk, representing 92 per cent of the raw material stock in 2019-2022.
By the end of 2024, the raw material for musk + oxen rose significantly to about $2.95 billion, an increase of 118 per cent from 2022, providing a strong guarantee for the production of the products of the company’s main product, titanium and ammonium oxen.
The market for cerebral cerebrovascular drugs is over $6 billion in size, the market for cerebrovascular drugs is over $6 billion in size, and the market for cerebral cerebral cerebral cerebral ceremonials is over $6 billion in size through retail markets, and the market for ceremonial ecstasy is mainly through retail markets.
One billion yuan, of which the sales scale of the underline real drug store was 5 billion yuan, representing 83.3 per cent of the overall market, the underline real estate share was more than half, the share of single natural and artificial products was around 25 per cent, and the combined share of sales of dual natural and single natural products was about 75 per cent.
The size and speed of the ammonium safrole retail market 2019-2023 shows that the three main end-market patterns of Antiya safrole in 2023 are “exceedingly strong” in the domestic market.
More than 120 companies have been approved, but the National Forestry Department has approved only five products, including the Beijing Colony Hall, Nanjing Co-Consort, Guangwan, and the Da Jin Phenomenon. The main brands are the Beijing Colony Hall, Nanjing Co-Consent, Hironoe, Hongjia, and the Heilongjiang Pharmacy.
In 2021, the city accounted for 56.4 per cent of the total number of competitions, and in 2021, the market for Xiao Chi, Darin, Hu Qingyu and so on, with China's top ranking (Beijing's Qing) was so strong.
The distribution channels show a market pattern of “exceeding power” 3.2, and the sale of Quantico Quantico Quantico pills and Quantico Quantico Quantico Quantico Quantico Quantico Quantico Quantico Quantico.
Corporate cerebral vascular medicine, mainly the Antxle herbs, with the Xanax under the banner of the Xanax with the Xanax two natural products (natural musk, natural yolk) and mono-natural (natural musk, body-fed yolk) product series, has been continuously and rapidly released in recent years, growing from 96 million yuan in 2021 to 284 million yuan in 2024, and 2021-2024.
Ten thousand boxes, with a slight annual fluctuations in sales, cumulative sales of 2.687 million boxes over three years, have a basic balance of production. The increase in the average cost of selling materials has resulted in an increase in prices; however, it has been influenced by higher prices for upstream mussels and cow yellow raw materials, with a continued pressure on the Māori ratio of cardiovascular drugs (the ammonium yolk pill), which was only 14.2 per cent in 2024, down by about 24.5 pt from 38.7 per cent in 2023.
Rapid distribution of cardiovascular medicines 2021-2024 Sales of cardiovascular medicines 2022-2024 and average unit price 3.3. The landing of the import policy for cattle and yellow can be expected to ease the natural supply and price pressures
The main ingredients of the company’s two main products, the Xia and the Antiya Quantico, are oxen (couples), which are one of the most influential ingredients in the company’s Māori rate. Natural yolk is a pathogenic product of cow animals (primarily cows or buffaloes) from gall bladders, gall tubes or liver tubes, one of the four most valuable rare animals in China.
The Great Farmer's Book, which has been used in our country for over 2,000 years, is currently divided into four main raw materials, namely, natural beef, veal, veal, and artificial yolk. Natural yolk is a bovine pathological product, urn urchin, or urinary urchin.
In addition to the barriers, cholesterol, calcium salt and choline in cholesterol are deposited and condensed to natural formation, with a probability of 1-2% and a scarcity of resources and a low alternative. Cow-and-yellow is grown by artificial surgical means to put the alien in a cow-chole, and is implanted into a pathogenic micro-organism that simulates the natural formation of ovary yellow.
It's grown with fresh urchin juice that adds crystal cores and other materials to the body. It's grown in the form of veal and veal veal, close to natural veal, with artificial veal as a pure chemical compound, where there's a certain difference between erythrin, deoxychotic acid, and natural veal.
On 18 April 2025, the National Drug Control Service and the General Customs Administration officially issued a document on matters related to the import of pilot cattle and yellow for the production of medium-forming medicines, which allows for pilot applications from countries (regions) where there is no ban on the outbreak of mad cow disease and which meet the requirements of Chinese customs quarantine and drug quality tests.
The pilot period for this policy is 2 years, with 12 provinces (districts, municipalities), including Beijing, where the use of yellow and cow imports is gradually spread across the country.
According to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, in 2022 there were about 940 million head of the global (including our own) meat and cattle stock, 102 million head of the country, nearly ten times as much of the country's meat and cow import pilot policy will be advanced.
To ease the country’s natural supply of yellow and yellow, and to improve the profitability of brands using natural yellow and yellow for Chinese medicine. 4.1, key assumptions and profit projections
The company’s branches include the pharmaceutical industry, pharmaceutical commerce, cosmetics, and others.
Upgrade, reflecting a reduction in the cost pressure and price increases for the oxen and yellow raw materials, after the piloting of the oxen. 2) Cardiovasculars: Cardiocediovasculars are the second largest product line of the company, mainly the Angma Oxymaru. We represent the company for the transmission of the best products of the country.
Compared valuations by South White and Dayn House, comparable to the corporate business model, both of which contained a multiplier of 25 x for the pharmaceutical industry and a 40-fold for the pharmaceutical business, with company valuations higher than comparable corporate averages; and a 10-year long-term pe(ttm) valuation historical rating of only 6.5 per cent, with first-time coverage “recommended”
The prices of natural and fine raw materials, such as cattle, yellow and musk, continue to rise significantly, with significant cost pressures;
4. The impact of the import policy is not as positive as expected, and natural valuable medicines cannot support further expansion of production. 1, Māori, ebit, net interest rate Net profits and their annual growth rate
3. Business income and its annual growth rate