Poufan Bank, with a sharp increase in interest differentials, will lead to a rapid increase in revenue, a weak stock, and a continued digestion.
In the first half of the year, Phufan Bank recorded a rapid increase in revenue collection against a background of a significant improvement in interest differentials, and continued improvements in fees and fees, with companies with a persistent downward trend in bad bookkeeping, which was more stringent, but with a slight increase in bad loan generation. Considered valuations already adequately reflect negative expectations about the quality of the company’s assets.
The same-year-old rise in interest differentials led to a rapid increase in revenue collection, poor stock holding, higher valuation margins, and maintenance of a higher rating rate for Phufan Bank. The same-year-old rise in interest differentials led to a rapid increase in revenue collection, and the cost of processing continued to be repaired.
Annual net profits increased by 12.4 per cent over the year, operating income increased by 18.4 per cent over the year, while revenue continued to increase at a slower rate than in the first quarter (+26.9 per cent), owing mainly to a 14.2 per cent decrease in investment returns compared to the same quarter (vs1 quarter, 25 per cent over the same period), while net corporate interest income and fees income continued to grow well
The growth rate was further higher than in the first quarter. This included a 25.3 per cent increase in net corporate interest income over the previous quarter and a 5.6 percentage point increase over the first quarter, mainly as a result of: (i) a rapid increase in the volume of company assets maintained in card operations and a 36.7 per cent increase in bank card charges.
In the first half of the year, PDC recorded a 2.12% net difference, a significant increase of 35bp over the same year. The lower end of the liability resulted in a 33bp drop in total liability costs on a year-on-year basis, which is the main reason for the improvement in interest differentials.
We measured a single-season interest differential of 4bp to 2.06 per cent in the second quarter of the company, mainly because in the second half of the year, as credit availability increased and monetary policy transmission became more fluid, assets were expected to rise by 0.6 to 54.4 per cent; and the new credit from the Structural Upper Pou Bank was directed mainly to retail areas (one).
In the case of retail loans, 71.5% of the new credit and 7.99% of the same increase in retail loans, the stock stock has to be digested, and the provision coverage has to be raised. PDB’s negative rate for the second quarter has dropped by 5 bp to 1.83%, the interest group lending has dropped by 7 bp to 2.90%, and the company’s asset quality has continued.
Improved performance, but it is still expected that the digestion of non-performing assets will take some time. The company’s poor loan generation rate for the second quarter was 2.2 per cent, an increase of 0.6 percentage points from the first quarter. As of the end of the second quarter, the ratio of loans/deprived loans to banks that were more than 90 days overdue was 80.4 per cent, a decrease of 4.2 per cent from the end of 2018.
The percentage point, which is more stringent, is the second quarter when the company provides coverage and loans are at a lower level than the first quarter, and there are still significant future pressure on the provision.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting business The downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected.
In 2019, the Pulgow Bank published its semi-annual report, with net profits equal to +12.38 per cent. The total assets of $666 trillion (+9.33 per cent), with a sharp increase in interest differentials, led to a rapid increase in revenue collection and a continuous recovery of fees.
In the first half of the year, the net profit of Pouphu Bank grew by 12.4 per cent over the same year, while operating income increased by 18.4 per cent over the same year, while revenue continued to rise at a slower rate than in the first quarter (+26.9 per cent), owing mainly to a 14.2 per cent decrease in investment returns compared to the same quarter (vs1 quarter, 25 per cent over the same period), while net interest earnings and fees earned by companies continued to grow at a positive rate, with higher rates of growth than in the first quarter.
The increase of 25.3 per cent and an increase of 5.6 percentage points over the first quarter was mainly attributable to: (1) a rapid increase in the asset size of the company, which stood at 9.33 per cent of the year; and percentage points, mainly due to a rapid increase in bank card operations, which generated a 36.7 per cent increase in the income from bank card charges over the year.
In the first half of the year, Phufan Bank net interest spreads by 2.12%, a significant improvement of 35bp on the same year. The liabilities end-of-the-life cost drops by 33bp on the same year as a partner ' s liability cost, which is the main reason for the improvement in interest differentials; the asset end-of-the-end return increases by 4bp on the same year as the credit return rises by 11bp.
In the second half of the year, as credit supply increases and monetary policy transmission becomes more fluid, asset-end yields are expected to drop further, interest differentials are expected to increase further, and interest differentials are estimated to be stable, supported by a slowdown in the cost of corporate corporate liabilities.
At the end of the debt, the deposit ring increased by 3.67% over the two quarters, the share of the total liability increased by 1.1 cents of the stock to be digested and the provision coverage to be raised. Poufan Bank ' s negative quarterly ring dropped by 5 bp to 1.83%, the focus group loan decreased by 7 bp to 2.90%, and the company ' s asset quality.
In a sustained improvement, however, it is expected that the digestion of non-performing assets will take some time. The company ' s rate of production of non-performing loans in the second quarter was 2.2 per cent, or 0.6 percentage points higher than in the first quarter. As at the end of the second quarter, the ratio of loans/deficit loans to Pou has been more than 90 days overdue was 80.4 per cent, a decrease of 4.2 percentage points from the end of 2018, which is more stringent.
In the first half of the year, PDB recorded a rapid increase in revenue, against a background of a significant improvement in interest differentials, and continued improvement in fees and fees. The company’s books were poor, with a continuing downward trend and a more stringent negative rating, but the non-performing loan generation was slightly higher, and the negative digestion of the stock was estimated to be still high, maintaining PDB’s rating increase.
As a pro-cyclical industry, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development. Macro economic development affects the real economy’s performance and profitability, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the asset quality of banks will deteriorate, thus affecting banks’ profitability.
Uncertainty and follow-up still require close attention to the dynamics of the economy.