In 2022, the main industry was under pressure to recover and grow from the Cape Dragons in Hong Kong, and social services, tourism and landscapes, and land concessions and taxes raised by 1.864 billion dollars and fair change gains, and the combined impact of government subsidies.
In four quarters alone, $280 million in non-loss was withheld, while the airport owner was under pressure, but the property was substantially increased.
The airport revenues fell by 34 per cent on the same basis, with real estate revenues exceeding 40 per cent. In 2022, airport management collected $1.04 billion/33.9 per cent, controlling and managing aircraft landings/passengers/mails/backloads of cargo and cargo. The balance of investment-related real estate at the end of the period was approximately $13.5 billion. Property management and other revenues declined slightly.
In addition to the rent earned by the airport and in-town shops and the investment income of the participating tax-free shops, the related tax-free shops have been sold for a total of $7.5 billion, or 21.5 per cent of the Hainan tax-free sales, for the year.
One hundred million yuan (076/63 million for duty-free shops/points of delivery); and two hundred and seventy-five million yuan for tax-free stores at the Phoenix/Melan Airport, corresponding to -63-85%. Taking stock-holding differentials together, we estimate the pre-tax equity contribution of companies to the tax-free business, which is estimated to be about 200 million +, down by about 50% from the same year.
In the first quarter of 2023, the company is looking forward to a recovery in airport operations and tax-free rents throughout the year. The airport flow will continue to warm, and the daily traffic of passengers will return to speed at 202,301 and the airport at sea. In addition, the company plans to build the San Phoenix airport t3 terminal to open the carrying cap.
At the end of 2021, Misrant 2 at the sea mouth was put into use, almost doubling the tax-free area; this year Sanya airport, Hainan Airport (600515.sh) - after re-engineering focused on “airports + duty-free”, key cards are expected to increase the tax-free area from 1800 to 6,800 square metres, contributing to tax-free gains.
The company's agreement to re-sign the Sun Square lease with SEAF, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, and South Africa.
Since this year, China’s core airport has recovered passenger flow to help warm up the airport’s main business, and tax-free expansion of the airport and increased rent revenues from the square have helped to increase its tax-free earnings. The company is the central beneficiary of Hainan’s construction of the port of trade, with a certain certainty premium on the airport, the city’s scarce spaces, etc., and none.
To rely on the country’s capital base, its Hainan channel position is expected to continue to consolidate, maintaining its “uptake” rating. Land concessions and taxes are set back about 2 billion dollars, with fair change gains and losses, and the combined impact of government subsidies.
Figure 1: Hainan Airport ' s annual revenue and performance: Figure 2: Hainan Airport ' s q4 revenue and performance
Billion/33.93 per cent, impact of control and management of airport aircraft landings/passengers/passenger throughput recovery; project investment of 835 million yuan, no additional construction area and 1,232,000 square metres completed; approximately 873 million square metres of sales under contract, approximately $1,460 million.
Ten thousand yuan, an increase of 1694.65% over the same period in the previous year. The balance of invested real estate at the end of the period was approximately $13.5 billion. In addition, the material rate was 27.99%/-7.12pt, mainly in the operation of the Hainan Hotel Hotel and training related to Tian Yu. In 2022, about $245 million in pre-tax revenue was tax-free.
1) Rental income: RMB 91 million/+94 per cent rent for the tax-free shop in the Moon Square on Sunday, 2022 (estimated to be RMB 028/63 million each); RMB 139 million (RMB 0.76/63 million each) for the tax-free rental income at San Phoenix airport; RMB 0.07/045 million each for the investment income from the tax-free shop at the San Phoenix airport.
Consider the company ' s shareholding of 77.36% of Phoenix Airport and 94.82% of the island ' s commercial stock, with an estimated tax-exempt lease area of 7.19 million m2, which includes 54,000 m2 for self-owned property and 17.9 million m2 for investment companies.
Tax sales stood at 21.5 per cent; again, the administrative cost rate fell; the financial cost increase was mainly due to the company ' s normal 2022 accounting for interest on interest-bearing liabilities, which was suspended during the reorganization phase of the bankruptcy last year; and the cost of sales went up with the warming of the property.
In the first quarter of 2023, the airport’s operations and tax-free rents are expected to grow again throughout the year. The company followed by the continued warming of the airport’s passenger flow, with the average daily traffic at the airport returning to 100/90 per cent of the same period in 2019, and to around 120/109 per cent in the first half of April, with the recovery continuing at an accelerated rate.
The company plans to build the San Phoenix airport t3 terminal to open the carrier ceiling. Second, the tax-exempt area will be expanded. In 2021, the bottom sea port, American 2 will be used, and the tax-free area will nearly double; this year, Sanya airport will be able to increase its tax-free space from 1800 to 6,800 square metres, thereby contributing to the increase in tax-exempt revenue.
A subsequent agreement with Haifa to avoid re-signing the Sun Square rental agreement, which was adjusted from the previous fixed rent, is expected to make an incremental contribution to the bottom + 3% of the rent. Figure 7: Monthly throughput at San Phoenix Airport and recovery from 2019
Figure 8: The monthly throughput and recovery from 2019 at Hainan Central Airport, where passenger flow recovery helped the main industry to warm up, as well as the tax-exempt expansion of the airport and the increase in rent revenues from the Moon Square, helped raise tax-free earnings. The company is the central beneficiary of Hainan ' s self-trade port, scarce in airports, cities, etc.
Cards have a certain certainty premium and are expected to continue to grow in the future, depending on the country's capital background, and the authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party; the authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.