Hainan Airport (600515.sh) 22-year-old Report Review: The Impact of the Epidemic
Incident: Hainan Airport Bulletin 2022: Companies exposed to the epidemic show greater operational resilience, better harvests, higher performance than growth, mainly resulting in gains of $2 billion from a backlash against originally planned second-phase land concessions: sales rate 3.38 per cent/+0.33 pct, mainly due to increased costs of real estate sales after the resumption of operations; management
7.12 pct. In the current period, there is an adjustment in the split calibre of the company ' s operations, with the related revenue costs, such as the lease of the holding property, being adjusted from tax and commercial to real estate operations.
Investment gains of $50 million (US$45 million from the tax-free market at Merland Airport, Haiguchi); investment gains of US$ 007 million from the tax-free market at the airport; (ii) rental income: US$ 91 million from the tax-free market at Sea Island; US$ 76 million from the tax-free market at San Phoenix Airport;
Billion dollars, representing about 21.5 per cent of duty-free sales in 12 duty-free shops across the island. Travel repairs & multiple catalysts are expected to release & rent contracts are adjusted to keep the size of duty-free operations growing: 1) 84,000 flights/+22.68 per cent of passenger vomiting at the three major airports in Hainan Island, 23q1
13.359 million / + 48.18 per cent, leaving and leaving the country is still attractive for tourists in Hainan; 2) two major aircraft, with the continued presence of duty-free shop brands, the French garden of Phoenix Airport or about to open, the company is expected to share the tax-free growth dividend from the island; 3) the current sea-controlled duty-free city, cdf monthly shop rental contracts have been adjusted
At the 3% cut-off level, we expect a market-based rent model and a reasonable cut-off level to help expand marketing practices to achieve mutually beneficial co-benefits between companies and tax-free traders. Investment proposals: As important players in the construction of Hainan Trade Port, we expect to benefit from policy and development.
Risk factors: Less than expected passenger flow, more productive capacity, less than expected sales of duty-free shops, policy risks
In 2022, he joined the Shuda Stock Exchange as Deputy Director-General of the Research and Development Centre. In 2021, he was awarded the second place in the new Bosunty Zero and Social Services Group, and in November 2022 he joined the new Sinda Consumers Group.
Li Bong Jing, Master of Science in Champagne, University of Illinois, B.A. in Economics, University of Finance and Economics Southwest, joined the Sinda New Consumer Corps in November 2022. The main components cover cosmetics and medical beauty.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.