Events: Hainan Airport issued a quarterly report in 2023: RMB 1,259 million/+5.9 per cent in revenues from 23q1 and RMB 197 million/+174.89 per cent, mainly as a result of a marked increase in business performance indicators at 23q1 airport
The company ' s overall Māori rate has increased, along with improved business performance in the investment unit, and the company ' s investment gains have increased; the Māori sales rate of 50.49 per cent/+9.02 pct, with a net sales interest rate of 21.25 per cent/+13.97 pct. 1) the cumulative flight completion of 23q1 Māhín airport has dropped by 36,000 flights, resulting in 6.195 million passengers absconding
Second, flights and passenger throughput have reached an all-time high in the quarter since the voyage, and entry and exit have recovered to the south of the sea remain highly attractive for tourists; 23q1 Hainan Islands have achieved duty-free sales of 16.9 billion yuan/+18 per cent, and duty-free markets have been better off and have warmed back to consumption.
Tens of thousands of square metres with a contract value of 497 million yuan, a significant increase in the same year, mainly due to the negative net amount of sales contracted by 22q1 and the significant improvement in the profitability of companies at the profit end:
In the future, a number of catalysts are expected to release & rent contract adjustments and see tax-free operations continue to grow in size: 1) two airport-free brands remain in place, Phoenix airport-style French Gardens or are about to open.
It is hoped that the tax-free growth dividend from off-island will be further shared; (2) The current sea-controlled tax-free city, the cdf monthly shop rental contract have been adjusted to a 3 per cent withholding level, and we expect market-based rent patterns and reasonable deduction levels to help expand sales to the mutual benefit of companies and tax-free traders.
Investment Recommendations: As important players in the Henan Freeport, we expect to benefit from the policy and distribution of Sindam Securities Co. Ltd.
In 2022, he joined the Shuda Stock Exchange as Deputy Director-General of the Research and Development Centre. In 2021, he was awarded the second place in the new Bosunty Zero and Social Services Group, and in November 2022 he joined the new Sinda Consumers Group.
Li Bong Jing, Master of Science in Champagne, University of Illinois, B.A. in Economics, University of Finance and Economics Southwest, joined the Sinda New Consumer Corps in November 2022. The main components cover cosmetics and medical beauty.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.