Shinjiyama's testimony, typhoid wiki (688256.sh) is the leading supplier of ai chips in the country, with a zero profit cut of 2025q1.
In recent days, typhoid martial arts published the 2024 and the 2025 quarterly reports, and in 2024 the company collected \triangleright
1174 million yuan, or 65.56 per cent increase in the same year; net profit for the mother - 452 million yuan, representing a significant loss in the same year; deduction of 2024q4, net profit for the company was $272 million for the mother, resulting in a single-quarter profit for the first time; 2025q1, sale, entrusting the rest of the crystal circle manufacturing, sealing tests, etc. to the crystal circle factory, sealing enterprise, public.
The Division’s inventory is mainly a proxy and inventory commodity, referred to in the 2024 annual report, which together accounts for 80.33 per cent of goods in stock and goods in commission. Against a background of tight supply and demand for the ai chip, a significant increase in the company’s stock provides strong support for subsequent performance growth.
According to yole, in response to the demand for artificial intelligence for arithmetic, the global idcgpu market is expected to grow from $85.6 billion in 2024 to $162 billion in 2029. Against the backdrop of increased US export controls, the country is expected to become a major contributor to the economy.
There is a strong demand for ani chip autonomy among end-users, such as Gowooya Internet operators. Companies continue to alter their products, which are widely recognized by their clients. Companies continue to operate in a number of priority industries, such as the Internet, operators, and finance.
The application scene was well received by industry clients in terms of user-friendliness of the software platform, stability in the deployment of large-scale business scenes, artificial intelligence, and the general relevance of the application landscape.
For the first time, the benefits of a wave of industrial development and a self-controllable trend of chips have been covered, giving companies “buying in the industry where the company is technology-intensive. The company is one of the few companies in the industry that currently have a comprehensive system with the core technology of intelligence, software development and productization of the chips and their underlying systems.
Heart technology has a certain technical barrier, and key core technologies are at the forefront of the industry. But as artificial intelligence applications and algorithms become more widespread, artificial intelligence chips are valued by a number of leading integrated circuit companies, and this area is also the focus of a number of start-up integrated circuit design companies. Moreover, research and development projects.
There is a higher degree of uncertainty about the purpose process and the outcome, and companies will face the risk that prior R & D inputs will be difficult to recover, and that benefits will be difficult to achieve.
Over the past three years, the combined sales of the top five clients of the company have accounted for 84.94 per cent of business income, and the slowdown may have had a negative impact on the company’s performance. Moreover, the company is under pressure to expand its new client base, and if the new client base does not reach its expectations, it will have a negative impact on the company’s business performance.
The company operates on the Fables model, with suppliers including ip-authorized manufacturers, server manufacturers, crystal circle manufacturers, and seal testing plants. As the whole industry chain of integrated circuits is a specialized division of labour and the technology threshold is high, the company and some subsidiaries have been included in the list of entities and will stabilize the company's supply chain.
Switching to a new supplier would have a certain cost and could have an impact on the company's business performance. In recent years, with the progressive diffusion of artificial intelligence applications and algorithms, artificial intelligence chips have received the attention of a number of integrated circuit leading companies, and this area has also become the weight of a number of start-up integrated circuit design companies.
Point. Overall, artificial intelligence chip technology is still developing, the technology is going faster, the technology is going faster, the technology development path is still being explored, and the architecture and system ecology with absolute advantages has yet to be developed. As more and more manufacturers introduce artificial intelligence chip products, the market in this area is becoming more competitive.
Vidal still has an absolute advantage in the global area of artificial intelligence chips. Reasonable. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.