On April 18, 2025, the Institute issued its annual report for 2024 and its quarterly report for 2025. In 2024, the company earned $1.17 billion, an increase of 65.6 per cent, resulting in a net profit loss of $450 million to the mother and a net profit loss to the non-mother.
In the first quarter of 2025, the company achieved income of $1.11 billion, an increase of RMB 695,000.
417 million shares have been issued 1. End of income: in the first quarter of 2025, the company achieved ring revenue growth, confirming the company ' s presence on the Internet and other lines 818.87 yuan.
The high demand for clients and the resilience of the domestic chip supply chain. Application continues to fall, and the demand for the national chip is strong.
As the demand for the ai chip evolves from training to reasoning, the national chip landing scene widens further, and the market space expands. Internet clients: corporate products are already spread across large Internet plants, including bytes, Ali, 100 degrees, and tweaks.
Broad-scale testing, which began in late 2024 with bulk deliveries among some customers. As large model applications continue to fall, companies are expected to come up with new opportunities in the Internet company ' s reasoning server market.
In the area of finance, in addition to providing arithmetic support for traditional artificial intelligence applications, corporate products also help banks, insurance, and foundations apply large models to actual business scenes. In the area of transport, companies are involved in multi-truck integration, intelligent parking, and intelligence.
In addition, companies are working with traditional industrial intelligence to transform and help the intelligent mine, and the landing of smart grains projects.
On January 13, 2025, the U.S. Department of Commerce issued the Provisional Final Rules for the Proliferation of Artificial Intelligents, which were exported beyond its core “friendship circle” to the ai chip.
On April 16, 2025, British Weida announced that the export of h20 chips to a number of regions and countries was recognized as having generated expenditure of about $5.5 billion, indirectly confirming U.S. export controls on H20 and Classes (e.g., anmdmi308). We believe that the ban has a significant advantage in using the Cold War as its successor.
Nationally produced chip companies, where downstream customers have difficulty obtaining advanced computing chips from overseas competitors, have made national production a necessary option.
On January 15, 2025, the U.S. Department of Commerce issued extra due diligence measures for advanced computing of integrated circuits, restricting the control of crystal-generation plants such as desktop power and three stars over the flow of chips from customers up to 16nm/14nm.
The aim is to limit China’s chip-design companies’ access to advanced industrial alternatives abroad to produce high-calculation chips. Against the backdrop of the continued tightening of the United States’ capacity for advanced industrial alternatives abroad, the national production-based supply chain, including crystal-round factories, advanced containment plants, serves as a guarantee to support the production of home-grown computing chips.
This report has been prepared by Shanghai I Securities Co. Ltd. (“Shanghai I”) for general review by institutional investors only.
The data, tools and materials contained in this report are only provided to you for information purposes, and are not intended to be sold or purchased or accepted as securities or other financial instruments, or to make offers or offers in respect thereof, nor do they constitute investment proposals.
This report and any information, material and content do not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial circumstances, risk tolerance or any special needs of individual investors. You should make your own independent investment decisions, taking into account, inter alia, your own investment objectives, risk assessment, financial and tax status.
The fairness, accuracy, completeness or correctness of the period does not imply any statement or guarantee, whether express or implied.