Performance exceeded expectations, and key inventory indicators for the national production of the ai chip roller were expected to achieve operating income of $1,174 million in \triangleright, an increase of 65.56 per cent over the same year; the net profit loss of the mother was $452 million, up.
During the same period, losses of $848 million were realized; operating income of $1,111 million was realized in the first quarter of 2025, an increase of 4230.22 per cent over the same period; net profit returns to mothers were $355 million, a loss of $227 million over the same period in the previous year; revenue continued to rise significantly, with key indicators such as inventories confirming the continuation of the high profile of the ai chip operations.
Sustained growth in inflows: In 2024, the company ' s cloud-side product line business earned $1,166 million, an increase of 1187.78 per cent over the same period.In 2024, the company continued to expand its market and actively supported artificial intelligence applications landed, resulting in a significant increase in cloud-end product line revenue during the reporting period compared to the same period in the previous year. In the first quarter of 2025, the company continued to expand its market and actively supported people.
At the end of the first quarter of the year, stocks stood at 2,755 million yuan, a significant increase from 1,774 million yuan at the end of 2024; in 2025, the landscape and the resilience of its own supply chain led to an expected continuation of the high profile of the ai chip business.
Significant breakthroughs have been made in several compartmentalized areas, with continuous investment in research and development to maintain their core competitiveness. 1) Market breakthroughs in several compartmentalized areas: in the Internet and in operators, the performance and stability of companies' products have been widely recognized by clients; in finance, companies not only provide arithmetic support for traditional artificial intelligence applications, but also
Full implementation of the adaptation and optimization of the large model, with clients such as Help Banks, Insurance Companies and Foundations applying the Triennial Quarterly Quarterly Quarter Quarter u (688256.sh) 2024 to the actual business scene; in the field of transport, companies are involved in the Multi-Travel Clouds Integration Project, intelligence stoppages, etc.
Assessment: a significant increase in single-quarter revenue, national production of the arithmetic champions, car and intelligent high-speed operations, driving the digitalization of traffic, intelligence inspection in orbital industries with key clients, potential period - 2024/11/02
In-depth collaboration on voice tickets and the upgrading of the intelligence of railway services. 2) Sustained investment in research and development to maintain their core competitiveness: companies engaged in the development of a large-scale distributed training software platform, updated over time.
Mainstream distributed training modules for accelerated growth, such as 2024/09/02 megatron, transformerengine, so that the training software platform 3. typhoon-u (688256.sh) covers the first report:
It is able to meet the distributed training needs of large mainstream models and effectively reduce the adaptation cycles of new models. In ecological construction, the training software platform supports multiple versions of pytorch, adapts to a variety of important functions, supports multiple training and reasoning priorities, and establishes long-term mechanisms for rapid follow-up of community versions.
Support for multi-mainstream model training has been added to optimize hotspot computing sub-performance, fully support distributed communications based on ruce webcards, and enhance multi-organic training performance. Investment advice: the company is the lead chip in the national production, actively developing a new generation of smart processor microstructures and
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and opinions of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.