The company's new product, H1neo, has a strong value for money, and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
Yuan, the new H1neo is only slightly different from h1 by way of fungi, speed, and appearance, with a limited impact on the product, a significant value for money, a good start for the new product, and a better value for the value increase. Keeping the premium and product power to support the share of H1neo is again validating the company's strategy to push for a new one.
The main power provider on the line, and the price of the stone h1neo will be more significant than the price. Technical route, H1neo, based on the company's original molecular sifting and drying of black technology, focuses on “condensant prices, heat pump effects”, avoiding high-temperature damage to clothing compared to cold-condensed products, pulling up at a price different from that of the heat pump washing machine and selling it at a price.
And H1neo has a scarce 12kg mass attribute, with 9 out of 10 out of 10 washing capacity on the 2023m1-7 dry-up line. The introduction of the new H1neo again validates the company's product pricing strategy of “seeing users' real needs, homogeneity” and shows that companies focus more on users' real needs.
In the short term, we do not have to worry that the lead companies will quickly follow the molecules' sifting routes to make the competition worse. The lead company ' s product technology development and platform is expected to be prolonged.
A continuation of the R&D direction of heat-pump-type technology route reduction will not be overadjusted in the short term to affect its roots.
Molecular sifting costs include mainly electric machines, electrical controls, rollers and molecular sifts, new items, continuing upgrades - h1neo is less than $2,000 at the price of h1 and is expected to be smoother, including in the direction of lower speed.
The current machine parameters are downscaled, the roller structure is down, the temperature-resistant power controls are replaced, non-essential functions are cut off, etc., Launching a new p10pro takes a better share, and we believe that companies are expected to continue the advantages of insighting functions, research and development technology end-downs, and maintain stability in the Māori rate.
The irobot dilemma, the Stone Technology Overseas Conference - Corporate Insight Report 2023.8.21
On September 5, the company released H1neo, a new dryer, at a cost of $3999, a price less than $2,000, and a new H1neo, which is only different from the strength of the function product of H1, except in the form of germs, speeds and appearances.
The main points of difference between the two products are as follows: (1) with regard to the bacterial mode, H1neo uses the uvc short-frequency UV, while H1 uses silver.
(ii) In terms of sterilisation. (2) H1neo turns at a maximum speed of 1,200 and h1 turns at a maximum speed of 1400. (3) In terms of operating panels, h1neo uses a knob+led touch screen, while h1 uses a full touch colour screen.
(4) With regard to the heat shield plus controls, h1neo uses abs, while h1 uses glass. (5) With regard to pricing, h1neo to $3999, 2,000 less than h1, the value of the value is 2 and the price and product strength support the share of h1neo, and the company is re-validated.
The price increases, the prices of the products are pushed down to a higher 2000-4000 price band, which we believe will benefit from a condensed dryer that will concentrate on the 2000-4000 price band. Under industry prices, more than 8,000 prices in the 2023m1-7 channel are sold at a mere 1.5%.
The machine, mainly a condensed dryer at 2000-4000, and the company's new product H1neo at 2023m1-7, is priced at 3999. On the one hand, the demand for the 2000-4000 price band will be converted upward through higher product power, and on the other hand, the 4,000-6,000 price band will be charged through a product value-for-money advantage.
Young people are the target group that focuses more on value for money. With ease of use, space saving, better value for money than fractions, more young customers, more price-sensitive online consumers, and more product-oriented. Considering that the company’s target user group is young people, and the channel is dominated by online power suppliers,
The price of stone h1neo will be more conducive to the product. (2) Technical route, H1neo depends on the company's original molecular sifting to dry black technology, focusing on “condensed prices, heat pump effects”, more condensed products with greater product power, while drying with the heat pump.
The high dryer temperature compared to the condensed ones causes clothes to wrinkle, and can easily harm fabrics and fabrics. The creative molecular sifting and drying black technology can effectively address this pain, avoiding the high temperature that causes clothes.
And the excessive wrinkles and damage to the fabric, which have a significant advantage in the product. Because of volume limitations, it is determined that the fractions are more efficient than the drying of the single machine, that the drying time is shorter, that the product strength of the heat pump washing machine is not clear, and that the molecular sifting machine is expected to be more efficient.
The share of a pumped-up one-chump washing machine, based on value for money. H1neo has a rare 12 kg mass. In addition, the rock h1neo washes 12 kg, root. According to the Ovi Cloud Network, the top 10 out of 2023m1-7 dryers are sold.
For 10 kg, the unique molecular sifting and drying of black technology, adding the scarce properties of a large capacity of 12 kg, will boost the ability to steal the share of H1neo. We believe that the company's new product H1neo will be launched to validate the company's “intelligence of the user's real needs and homogeneity”
The product pricing strategy of "Best Prices" and the introduction of new products such as the full value-for-money p10 for ground sweeps are continuing in thought, as can be seen from the company's newer focus on insight into the real needs of users, the absence of parameters, the cutting down of non-essential functions, the stability of product power while reducing the value of the product, and the appearance of value for money and competitiveness.
At the same time, we do not think that leading companies need to worry about rapid follow-up to molecular sifting routes in the short term, leading to competition. On the one hand, stone technology defends molecular sifting against the same patent layout as dragons.
From the head company's perspective, given the long cycle of development and platform development of the dryer products and the demand and diffusion of the global market, and the incremental cost of sinking that has already been invested, the head white power company is expected to continue its research and development of the heat pump-type technology route, and will not venture into the short term as a result of the roll-out of the stone-sifting molecular sifting machine.
The cost of a molecular sifting-up machine, which consists mainly of electric machines, electrical controls, rollers and a large part of molecular sifting.
This is a much lower-end space. The new product H1neo is less than $2,000 at the price of h1 and the company is expected to be in the downside (1) power sector: the H1neo engine is down by 200 rotations and can be carried out with low-performance generators (2) power control component: molecular sifting can dry at low temperatures, without the need for high temperatures, and can use heat tolerance.
Lower electrical controls take down. (3) Roller section: stainless steel inner tubes plus plastic outside tubes, H1neo motors drop by 200, lower structural requirements for roller tubes and lower driving costs.
(4) Molecular sifting: The material itself is not expensive and the company ' s main innovation point is in windway design, structural design, capable of sifting molecules into a compact dryer structure, so it is more robust than condensed, but (5) material dropbook: h1neo uses knob+led touch screen, h1 uses full touch colour screen; h1neo
The cost side is expected to decrease with the use of abs + panels, while h1 uses glass. The company’s technology drops, supported by a cost-plus pricing approach, continue to roll out the p10 floor sweeper equivalent price over the product’s lower price belt and maintain stability in the Māori rate.
The advantage of maintaining stability in the Māori rate of the baking machine is that the profit forecast and investment proposal is $M, and the new product H1neo is only slightly different from H1 from the fungi, speed and appearance, with a slight impact on product strength.
Limited, the value for money advantage is significant, and it opens up the growth space for the start-up of new products and increases the value for money. Keeping profit forecasts and selling new products below expectations; raw material price risk; and demand for high overseas inflation below expectations.