Small household appliances q2 performance exceeded expectations, European markets were significantly repaired, and sales of new products were brightly demonstrated Events: companies achieved business income of 3,374 million yuan in the first half of the 23rd year.
Europe’s markets have been substantially repaired, and the share of new goods has risen, driving the rapid growth of revenue. With the macroeconomic and geopolitical easing of Europe, the company’s European market q2 has been expected to recover at a rate of 40% higher than in the previous year, and the company’s strategy at the end of Europe has been effective, with a marked increase in the volume of high-priced new products.
The North American market continues to grow at a high rate, s8 series of new product relays, accelerating the capture of the high-end market share of irobot, doubling the share of the city q2 and ranking second on the line. On the inside, the sales of companies grew by about 40% over the same period, and the p10+g20 series expanded the price belt to match precisely domestic consumption.
Cost-market demand, accelerated penetration rate, and significant increase in city occupancy, with over 20 per cent of brand brands having achieved significant improvements in total equity/flow (million shares) relative to the same ring ratio, mainly from the company ' s new high-end series and the p10 series
Both maintain a high Māori rate, leading to an overall Māori rate.q2 performance is over-expected, branding is strengthened, research and development is on the move, and solid “rock technology” (688169) is “encouraged by the state”
The company's net interest rate of 23h1 is 21.92%, and the priority software firm has determined that the firm's sales cost is 19.92%, with an increase of 2.78 pct, which is the main increase.
As a result of increased investment by companies in new products and branding, there have been significant gains in brand markets and sales; corporate management costs of 3.27 per cent, an increase of 1.15 pct over the same period; and research and development costs, mainly benefiting from interest earnings and exchange rates.
Traditional land sweeper resonance of new products in and out of the country, rehabilitation of European markets; original molecular sifting; stone technology (688169).
(688169) In-depth report: Innovation driven by the empty price belt that's taking the lead in filling the market for ground sweepers at Kiki Station, with the advantage of getting new technology brands, smart cleaning and the city next.
Quantified, further expanding market share; continued upscaling of the price hub of the series S8 from North America -- 2023/04/21 anchoring high-end markets abroad; and largely reduced geopolitical impact on European operations, in Europe
The original molecular sifting machine opens up the new growth curve with a high-priced “low-temper dry black” drying machine market. 11x, considering corporate profitability optimization, the floor sweeper plus the drying machine has two new products, maintaining the “buy”
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts as they are. The contents and observations in the report are only for reference purposes and do not constitute a reference to the statements in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.