The revenue performance is exceeding expectations, the global share continues to rise \triangleright’s share of internal sales continues to rise, and external sales recover strongly. According to our calculations, the company sells 23q2 internally and externally.
\triangleright has been growing fast. 1) On the domestic market, the company ' s 23q1 roll-out of g20, p10, g10pure, land washing machine a10 series, among others, has yielded good slogans, leading to a rapid increase in the company ' s domestic market.
As of 30 June 2023, the share of retail sales in company land-scattering robots reached 26.3 per cent, compared to +2.7 pt, and the share in retail sales reached 21.2 per cent, compared to +2.8 pt.) With regard to overseas markets, 23q2 Europe achieved a high rate at the lower base of new items listed + the same period.
The speed of growth, the same ring ratio, has improved significantly; 23q2 North America, Asia and the Pacific markets have maintained a good growth trend, with strong product competitive advantage plus brand voice.
Māori rates have risen steadily and net interest rates have improved significantly. The company ' s Māori rate of 23q2 is 51.7 per cent, which is higher than the same-year increase in channels that benefit from lower sales cost rates; financial cost rates have declined on a year-on-year basis or largely benefit from exchange gains. In addition, the company confirmed in 23q2 a one-time retreat of about 55 million certified by priority software companies.
In the medium-to-long term, the land sweep track is still growing globally, with rock having the potential to report globally in the first quarter of the year: q1 under pressure, q1 under pressure, and a steady expansion of market shares. The power of the national sweeper, the supply chain, the speed of innovation, etc.
2. Rocks and technology (688196.sh) performed fast in 2022.
3. Rock technology (688196.sh) is expected to continue to rise in the third quarter of 2022.
\triangleright Review: The inward sales continue to increase, the overseas markets are under pressure to 2022/10/Add.1 The offshore markets are expected to show a strong performance over the second half of the year + at a low base, with strong product strength + more.
4. Stone technology (688169.sh) 2022: The price segment layout is expected to continue the faster growth trend.
The Centre, with a multi-dimensional increase in competitive advantage - 2022/06/28 \triangleright - draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.