"State-incented Priority Software Enterprises" found that Afford was profitable and optimized: an announcement issued by the company on 17 July, a fully-owned subsidiary of the company, the Beijing Stone Innovations Section.
Innovation drives growth, software and intelligence continue to grow. The company’s full capital stone initiative, a new company’s software systems research and development centre, has worked for many years in the field of deep-farming software and intelligence.
Technological innovation. The company ' s 22-year R & D rate is 7.37 per cent, and the R & D rate is 11.36 per cent, while R & D inputs are maintained at a high level and have developed a soft and hard working facility compatible with the development of the land sweeper software system to inflate the technology reserve for subsequent products.
The company has been identified as a “nationally encouraged priority software firm” by its continued investment in the area of emerging technology software and by its research and development, full-fledged subsidiary stone innovation.
Starting with exemption from corporate income tax for the first to the fifth years, followed by an annual reduction of 10 per cent of the tax rate, total equity/flow (millions of shares)
The 12-month maximum/minimum share continues to boost. The company’s new product p10/g20 series, s8 series, q series matrix is perfect, the share of new products in the second quarter is rising, and sales are bright.
In North America, the company series 8 is in the lead, and the q series is complete.
At the end of the year, the new product has been expanded globally, and it's ready for release -- the price belt, and the price day sales continue to grow at a high rate. On the inside, the company p. 10+g20 has significantly widened the price belt, with 618 big-favour companies performing better than the industry, with sales increasing at the same rate.
Stone technology (68,869) About 26%. The city ' s share has risen significantly to more than 32%, accelerating the seizure of market share. (68,8169) In-depth report: innovation-driven
Stone Technology (688169), New Product Releases 17x, Keeping " Buying Procedure Codes " , taking into account corporate profit optimization, land sweeper plus dryer two new products:
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is: 9153300007557165982d. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts as they are. The contents and observations in the report are only for reference purposes and do not constitute a reference to the statements in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.