Stone technology: q2 high income performance and significant improvement in profitability Incident: h1 achieved revenue of 3,374 million yuan, +15.41 per cent of the year, net return to the mother stone technology (688169)
A profit of 739 million yuan, +19.93 per cent, a net profit of 660 million yuan from the withdrawal and the return to the mother, and a positive market change with a significant increase in revenue from q2 battalions. q2 companies achieved an operating income of 2,214 million.
Accurately looking at changes in domestic market consumption demand, high-priced product p10 in the 3,000-bit band was launched in parallel with the launch of the flagships g20 and g10pur. According to Ovi Clouds, the share of h1 in retail sales on the land-cleaning robot line increased by 2.7 pct to 26.3% on the same basis.
The share rose by 2.8 pct to 21.2 per cent over the same period, and Yoon Sundai’s cost management improved significantly in terms of profitability. 23h1 achieved a Māori rate of 51.07 per cent.
+2.87 pct, q2, with 51.71% Māori, and +2.88 pct. We believe that the improvement in Māori is due, on the one hand, to the positive restructuring of the product by the company, and partly to the positive impact of foreign market exchange rate fluctuations.
q2 sales, management, R & D, financial rates are equal to 1.04, +058, -0.01, -0.40 pct, sales rates are properly controlled, and the increase in management rates is mainly due to the fact that the completion of the stone and technology building and the renovation are accounted for in fixed assets, related depreciation and
The increase in amortization costs resulted in an exchange gain of $31,0461 million, or +102 per cent, from 23h1 exchange rate gains. Q2 realized net return profit of $535 million, or +95.53 per cent, and net profit of $497 million, or +73.52 per cent and q2 lost.
Net operating cash flows have increased significantly and liquidity efficiency has declined, with +0.81 per cent at the end of the year; total company inventories at the end of 23h1 amounted to $760 million, compared with $4.83 million at the end of 22 years, mainly due to the increase in cash received as a result of the expansion of sales this year.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
\triangleright Fusion & Management Double Master ' s degree in hardware development in tp-link for commercial telecommunications equipment development in 2015 and 2017.
In 2022, he joined the Sindam voucher for research in the household appliances industry, covering, inter alia, white power, small household electricity, and parts and components.
Uko, member of the team. Master of Finance, Bachelor of Economics and Business, University College, London. Joined Sinda Securities in 2022 to study the household appliances industry, covering mainly cleaning appliances and cooking panels.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.