In 2023, a mid-point evaluation was reported: technological excellence was highlighted, business was significantly improved, income increased in the second quarter and profits improved significantly. Companies achieved 3.37 billion revenues in the first half of 2023, with fast recovery and high growth, and profits improved significantly with higher Māori rates and lower cost rates.
q2 There has been an increase in the number of land sweeps in the country and a steady rise in the number of companies. q2 sales in the country’s land sweep market have returned.
q2 sales grew by 3 per cent; h1 machine sales remained almost equal, q1/q2 - 11 per cent/+7 per cent, respectively. Thanks to excellent product strength and precision price positioning, companies continued to increase, h1 stones were online and underlined, and the market for floor sweepers increased by +2.7 pct/+8.3 pct to 26.3 per cent per 10.8 per cent according to Kyoto, Skycats and others, respectively.
According to Amazon tracking data, demand for overseas land sweepers continued to warm back in 2023, with a 21% increase in sales of German land sweepers in Amazon Helium 1, of which
q1/q2 - 9%/+21%, respectively; UK sales of land sweepers in Amazonia grew by 48%, of which q1/q2 did not add up by 29%/+72%, and sales of land sweepers in Amazonia grew by 12% in the United States.
The company’s q2 Māori ratio increased by 2.9 pcppp over the same year, but the Māori ratio increased by both ring and same ratio, reflecting a strong public-sector downscaling capability. The company’s cost rate declined slightly, with q2 selling/R & D/management/finance matching scores.
And tax returns have had a positive impact on profits, with companies raising their net home-to-home interest rates by 6.7 to 24.2 per cent, while the strength of their products has been highlighted and the company continues to expand in the global market.
Home, continued deep cultivation of hardware and software technology, such as navigation algorithms, hardware development and design, and the introduction of multi-high, quarterly operating pressure, new products waiting for industrial warming.
Stone Technology (688169.sh) - Outlook of the potential of stone molecules to sift a single dryer - In this context, research and development and product power may become more important competitive elements.
Rocks and Technology (688169.sh) Quarterly Review: Outward Income Spending Statement : Stone and Technology (688169.sh) & Mid-Year Review 2022:
Investment recommendations: up profit forecasts, maintenance of “buy-in” ratings, taking into account a steady recovery in the domestic and foreign land sweep industry and improved profitability of companies, upward profit forecast figure 2: Company income and growth for the single season
Figure 3: Net corporate return profit and rate of increase, Figure 4: Single-season return net profit and rate of increase, Figure 5: Māori rate and net interest rate of the company
Figure 6: Māori rate and net interest rate for a company per quarter
Table 1: Comparable corporate valuation tables Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future