Stone technology (68,869) Household appliances: Increase in new stock, q2 performance, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Incidents: the company published its semi-annual report in 2023, when H1 achieved $3.37 billion in revenues, a 15.4 per cent increase; the mother's net profit was $740 million, a 19.9 per cent increase, q2 achieved the same level of sales of domestic land sweepers in January-June as in the first quarter. At the end of the reporting period, the share on the stone brand line had increased by the same amount as at the end of the reporting period.
2.7 pp to 26.3% from which we can extrapolate the expected growth in the domestic income of the company. On the off-shore market, the company has introduced new products such as the S8 series, the distributors have been active, and the company is expected to grow faster abroad.
Rapid growth; in the United States market, companies are expected to continue the United States market through the heterogeneity of high-end products.
2.9 pp. Of these, the q2 quarter Māori rate increased by 2.9 to 51.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and we believe that the company ' s Māori rate has significantly improved, for the following reasons: 1) the company has secured a relatively stable Māori rate for value-added, including through technology reductions, the annual release of flagship products, and the product structure optimized to boost the company ' s Māori rate; 2)
In terms of cost rates, the company’s sales cost is 19.9 per cent, compared to 2.8 pp, and the management cost rate is determined to be around 55 million tax returns, which in part increase the company’s performance.
Research and development continues to be scaled up, and the combination of power is further strengthened. Companies build up technological barriers, and research and development inputs continue to be scaled up.
During the reporting period, companies introduced a number of high-performance robotic products, landwasher products, and a molecular sifting machine, which gained good market recognition and increased the share of end retailing to varying degrees. As companies increase their R & D inputs and technological innovation, their combined competitive power is expected to increase further.
• Profit forecasting and investment proposals. With the release of new goods at home and abroad, it is expected that the company’s product structure will continue to be optimized, with a surplus of 688169: q2 battalion collection continuing to grow, short-term performance under pressure (2022-08-30)
The combined rate of domestic sales of land was 15 per cent; the combined volume of overseas sales of land sweeps was maintained at over 18 per cent. The average price of the company’s domestic and foreign products was expected to increase slightly, benefiting from the optimal product mix.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.