lunze technology (300442.sz) Computer cloud infrastructure servicesii Campus-level data centre leader, “Digital economy +ai”
1. Reorganizing listings, satellite city layout data centre operators. 1) Developments are robust, re-engineering listings into capital markets. 2) Equity structures are concentrated, teams are highly experienced.
The male shares of Yuzawa control companies through Kyoto are 61.30%. Teams are experienced professionally, core executives are professional, teams have super-large high-level data centre clusters, full-life investment operations and management experience. 3) Satellite City configurations have significant regional advantages. To date, the company is already in Kyoto.
In the six ultra-large data sets of five regional layouts in the North-West region, including Xinjiang, the Long Triangle, the Great Bay Area, the Chengjun Economy Circle and 56 data centres, 290,000 cabinets, mainly located in satellite cities along the front lines of Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen.
The third-party service provider is in the direction of the re-engineering of supply and demand in the idc industry. According to data from the National Networking Office and the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology, by the end of 2022, the total size of our data centre has exceeded 6.5 million standard hangars, increasing at an average annual rate of over 30% over the past five years, and the market size of our data centre is expected to be launched towards RMB 240 billion in 2023.
The overall pattern of development of our data centres is characterized by two major features: the east-Missy drift, and the city-centred development pattern. Currently, the country’s idc market is dominated by three major operators, while third-party data shows a rapid rise in telecoms’ share for the first time.
The supply side imposes new requirements, including policy constraints such as a pue demand for upgrades, energy consumption indicators, but also demand, end-of-end mobile Internet traffic and arithmetic surges that drive demand on idc. The overall supply is tight but demand continues to rise, Lee Hongtao
The Internet company servers are hosted in data centres with long-term, stable and reliable requirements, and the company’s business model is preferred to the user. 2) Self-built + wholesale, the power rate is driving the Māori rate up.
The business model is a wholesale business model, with clients mainly from basic telecommunications operators such as China Telecom Beijing and China Connect North China, and end-users from leading industry companies such as bytes, Huaiang and Kyungdong, with 10-15 years of cooperation agreement with China Telecommunications Beijing. 3) Electricity/resource/energy conservation measures guaranteed.
Operating costs. Currently, the company energy consumption indicators have been approved in various locations, multi-point systems such as power distribution, refrigeration, etc., have started to conserve energy, and measures have been introduced to upgrade and implement a single-scale electricity price of 0.5192 kV/kW/kW for the corridor area, with a regional cost advantage compared to Beijing, Shanghai, etc., while self-built 110kv, 220kv converted power.
Investment proposal: We believe that companies will maintain a high level of growth over the long term.
(i) Development of sound course, reorganization of listed access to capital markets Runze Technology Development Co. Ltd. was established in September 2009 in the Hebei Rimang Economic Technology Development Area. The company is a leading enterprise in the country's leading idc business, focusing on the construction and operation of mega-data centres, with a continuous scale in cloud computing, big data, etc.
Inputs have become a fast-growing integrated solution provider in an ict industry. In 2010, the Yunze International Information Port project was launched to build the largest cloud data centre hub in Asia, which was developed in sectors a and b and could accommodate approximately 130,000 cabinets: by the end of 2022, the company had officially delivered eight data centres, with approximately 46,000 cabinets.
The national layout of six major nodes in the five regions of the Australasia, the Senglong Economic Circle, the Northwest Territories, etc., has a master plan of 56 billions of dollars, exceeding the commitment of 154 million dollars and a completion rate of 109.01 per cent, which is still at a very rapid stage of development.
In the first place, RUNZET became the first start-up business to be re-listed. The trading programme for RUNZET was divided into three steps: (i) major asset swaps: (ii) share purchases: (iii) access to matching funds. First, Prissing used all assets and liabilities except for 100% of Coman’s shares as an asset, while RUNZT’s 100% equity as an asset to move in.
Next, 14 traders, such as listed companies, have issued about $720 million at a price of $18.97 per share for the difference between the purchase and the placement of assets. Finally, listed companies have used targeted increases to raise up to $4.7 billion in matching funds for the construction of projects to be built in Yunzatsu, repayment of bank loans and payment of agency fees.
At the same time, Presein transferred 100% of Coman’s shareholdings to the designated owner of Xinjiang. Deeply agreed to this major asset reorganization on April 28, 2022.
On July 27, the parties signed a cut-off agreement, and on August 8 Prishtin made the listing of the new shares. On August 13, the name of the listed company’s securities and company was changed to mark the formal completion of the reorganization of the assets and the completion of the loan of lunze technology.
July 27th, 2022, Prishtinian and Prishtinian machines, September 13th, 2022.
Yinzawa Kyouta, Yoyo Puri, the securities firm called "Present" has submitted applications to the deep-seated company.
Changed to "Runzawa Technology", big asset swaps, share purchases, April 28, 2022.
The company's name is "Shanghai Prie, buys assets and collects matching funds." Shenzhen Exchange agrees.
The company changed to "Runzawa's Auxiliary Funds and Associated Transactions."
The CSRC has agreed to hold stockholders' meetings through major asset swaps and YunzzeTech.
Li Sheng's application for registration for the transaction to issue shares to buy assets and collect them.
The East agreed with Priscene to exchange major assets and issue shares to purchase (ii) a centralized equity structure with extensive team experience.
The company’s equity structure is concentrated, with Super-Man Chow as the actual controller of Yuzawa technology. The share of Super-Man Chow in the public sector is 61.30% through Kyuzin. Prior to listing, the well-known strategic investors in the country were introduced in the departments of Peace and Central Gold, and the former Prie Sein currently holds a flat position in Taiwan Xinjiang (2.91%), Peace (3.62%), and China Gold (1.62%).
Guangdong Yun-hye, Huezhou Yun-shin, Zhejiang, Chongqing-Yun-ze and Lan-Yun-Long, among others. 2, professional experience of teams (1) core executives have a strong professional background
The core executives have a highly professional background, a super-large high-level data centre cluster, a life-cycle investment and management experience.
Director of the Board of Directors Shen Jingxuan, former manager of the Northeast Securities Company Ltd. Investment Bank, executive director of the Anti-Sin Securities Corporation Ltd., and chief executive director of the Ministry of Merchant and Purchase Finance. Inspector General Zhang Kechun, a first-level builder of the National Notes, and senior engineer, was employed in the China Petroleum Corporation Communications Company.
China Communications Systems Inc., Beijing Branch, China International e-commerce Centre, etc. (2) Technology management team industry is experienced, company core technology management team industry is experienced and professional base is strong. The company insists on increasing investment in transport team training.
Standardizing, fine-tuning, intelligentizing, and continuously scalding the management of the inbound drivers in order to meet the needs of the client’s growing diversity. The company attaches great importance to the development of the transporters, which now have a self-defence team of 800 personnel, made up of engineers and technical experts.
20-30 uptimeaos and atd/ats certified engineers. At the same time, by the end of 2022, 40 transport engineers had been certified as uptimeaos (vi operators) and 7 planning engineers had been certified as uptimeatd (tier standard designers).
(iii) “Satellite City” layout, with significant regional advantages, a national layout of six nodes in the five regions, as a service provider for large third-party data centres, where YunzawaTech is currently operating, mainly in Kyoto.
At the same time, there are layouts in the Long Triangle (Pihu), the Great Bay region of Hong Kong (He and Fuoshan), Sung-kyung and Gansuland.
In 2020, Yunzawa-Technology began to develop a cluster of large data centres in the Long Triangle, the Bay of Australasia and the Songlong Economic Circle. Some 70,000 hangars in the Bay Data Centre a are about to be fully constructed and will be officially delivered in 2023, while initiating the construction of the Corridor Data Centre b: the Long Triangle, the Bay of Australasia of Hong Kong (Huizhou and Fuosan), and the data centre in the Chengdu Economic Circle, i.e.,
One phase of the construction will be completed and will be officially delivered in 2023. To date, the company has already planned 56 data centres in five regions in Kyoto, the Long Triangle, the Great Bay Area, the Chengjing Economy Circle and the North-West.
Two-hundred-nine thousand hangars, mostly located in the first-line cities of Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, and Shenzhen. Each campus of the company is much larger than the industry standard for megadata centres (of a size greater than 10,000 standard hangars).
The company had 46,000 cabinets in place by the end of 2022, with over 90 per cent of the full-fledged data centre.
Some 70,000 cabinets in the sector are about to be fully constructed and will be officially delivered in 2023; seven data centres, a-1, a-2, a-3, a-5, a-6, a-7, a-18, have been completed and will be located in galleries, compared to industry companies, with 87,310 cabinets, 74,200 cabinets at the data port and a new light ring.
The network has more than 48,000 cabinets in operation, and YanzeTech has not been the largest data centre, but the total number of installed and planned data is 120,000, which, taken as a whole, is the largest potential Idc company. Table 4: Comparison of the size of operations in the idc industry
II. Re-engineering of supply and demand in the idc sector, with third-party service providers in the direction of (i) industry development: rapid third-party growth, increased wholesaler 1. Growing size of the data centre market and rapid third-party development
(1) The data centres may be divided into mega, large and small data centres depending on size. These include: data centres with 10,000 standard hangars; and small and medium data centres with less than 3,000 standard hangars.
Table 5: Size and construction criteria for data centres of each type vary considerably from one size to another. The location selection factors for the construction of mega-data centres are diverse, with regional disaster considerations prevailing, with a focus on the climate environment, energy supply, and so forth.
Climate-friendly, energy-efficient type two areas can be built: site selection requirements for large data centres are broader, with categories I, II and III being selected for construction under certain conditions, taking into account climate and energy. Small and medium-sized data centres are market-oriented, focusing on areas close to user locations and where energy access is more concentrated, such as three.
(2) Data centres are growing in size, with a marked regional distribution (1) size: the racks and market sizes are growing each year at a very high rate, with the size of our data centres maintaining a high rate of growth, with large, super-sized sizes becoming the main force of growth.
By the end of 2022, the total size of our data centre hangars had exceeded 6.5 million standard hangars, an average annual increase of over 30 per cent over the past five years, and the total size of the data centre at 180 eflops, the second largest in the world. The data centre has grown rapidly, accounting for as much as 80 per cent of the data centre. In accordance with national policy and data centre developments, data centre construction trends have been planned.
Over the past five years, the size of our data centre market has shown a high growth trend in terms of business income and related services income. According to data from the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology, our data market has grown from 51.2 billion yuan in 2017 to 2022.
According to data published by the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology and the China Commercial and Industrial Research Institute, the market size of our data centres is expected to hit hard at RMB 240 billion in 2023 as the digital transformation of our regions and industries progresses further.
(ii) Distribution: The overall development pattern of China’s data centre in the centre city of East Missy+Close is characterized by two main features: the centre of East Missy's development and the centre’s central development authority. The layout of the data centre is characterized by east Missy’s alienation because of the number of digital transitions in the eastern part of the country compared to the western part of the country.
In 2021, China’s data centre was concentrated in the three main districts of China’s east, northeast, and north China, accounting for 85% of the total. The pattern of urban development centred on large cities is inextricably linked to the growth of the urban economy and digitalization.
There is a huge demand for a wealth of numeracy resources in such industries as the Internet. At present, our idc business market has evolved into a urban cluster development pattern centred on large cities: the Beijing-centric Kingjin-Soo region, the Sea-centric long triangle region with the Shenzhen-centric Great Bay region, and so on.
According to the Chinese data centre working group cdcc, there is still a “supply deficit” in the far north. In terms of physical values, the average number of containers in the country is 50.07%, of which the north, east and south China areas exceed the national average by 65.93%, 67.61% and 66.65%, respectively, and the rest of the region is about 30-40%.
The data from the Ministry of Information and Communications show that by the end of 2022, the number of basic telecommunications operators providing services to the public had reached 8.18 million, of which 21.9 per cent were in the central and western regions, an increase of 0.6 per cent over the same period last year.
Synergy of data centres has led to a positive reduction in the excessive concentration of data centres in the east and west of the country and the promotion of a balanced distribution of new containers in China in 2021 (3) pattern: operator-led, third-party rise
The country’s idc market is still dominated by three major operators, while the third-party data centre service provider is rapidly emerging, with the first-ever market share going beyond the telecommunications operator. The three domestic operators have earlier configurations, with the advantages of the idc industry, such as network and land resources.
Inherited advantages are evident, particularly in client resources, network resources, and land resources. As global data aggregates increase dramatically, demand for arithmetic resources such as data collection, data storage and management, data transmission and processing rises dramatically, the three basic telecommunications operators have difficulty meeting the market needs of the data centre as a whole, and third-party data centre service providers have difficulty meeting the demand of the data centre as a whole.
According to the Institute’s report, the overall share of basic telecommunications operators in 2022 was about 48.32%, while the share of telecommunications in China was about 19.27%, that of telecommunications in China was about 14.70%, that of connectivity in China was about 14.35%, while the share of data centre service providers in the third was about 51.68%, an increase of 1.81% over the same period in 2021, and was successful in the overall share for the first time.
Figure 9: China ' s market pattern for idc in 2022, 2 fixed assets and operating costs of idc, with electricity costs having a significant impact on the Māori rate
The data centre investment is divided into idc infrastructure (mainly civil construction, electromechanics, cabinets, refrigeration, surveillance, etc.) and int infrastructure (mainly servers, switches, routers, light modules, etc.), while the investment is designed to maximize the idc cost of the equipment. The fixed asset cost consists mainly of the process of building the idc machine room.
Cost of capital facilities, including equipment, construction materials, etc.. The cost of purchasing data centre equipment includes servers, network equipment, storage equipment, security equipment, and optical modules/optics.
Manpower, depreciation, etc. where electricity costs are the highest share of idc operating costs, accounting for about 60% of operating costs. Data centres invest heavily, asset equipment has a long life cycle, and data centre depreciation of fixed assets accounts for a larger proportion of total costs than electricity expenditure, depreciation of fixed assets and human costs would have an impact on the Māori rate.
The impact of the 1% increase in electricity prices on the idc business Māori rate is around 0.2% and 0.3%, and those who have access to electricity resources at lower cost will gain a greater advantage in competition. Data centres at large campus levels will be able to share, share, reuse infrastructure.
More efficient use of fixed assets, coupled with a greater weighting and batching advantage in equipment collection and a greater voice in the purchase price, would result in depreciation of fixed assets having a more positive impact on the Maori rate than other types of data centres. At the same time, there are significant variations in local manual pay.
There may also be some variation in the human costs involved in the training of operators. Thus, as an important part of the operating costs, human costs also have an impact on the Māori rate. Figure 10: RunzeTech 2023 Business Cost Structure Forecast (in thousands)
3. Wholesale business models are super-sized idc directions, depending on the type of client, and the data centre business models can be split into wholesale and retail models. Wholesale data Central operators are more certain about their operations, providing server hosting to downstream users, mainly through their own large data centres.
The retail data centre service provides a relatively standardized server for customers such as small and medium-sized Internet companies, general enterprises, etc.
Host services and network bandwidth services. Sales units in retail data centres start renting single cabinets, and typically require two figures: the idc business model, which compares with the size of the super-large idc, has a significant advantage in wholesale costs. Wholesale data centres are primarily aimed at large customers.
Clients, with a higher share of income, a higher capacity to pay, a more stable cash flow; a higher concentration and a higher sticky customer; a relatively rapid uplift, a stable lease and a higher overall build-up rate; large growth prospects, with a rapid expansion capacity and resources Integration capacity: but a lower rental income for single case than retail. Retail data centre customers are mostly small and medium-sized, with a higher concentration of customers
Lower, higher mobility, higher upscaling differentials among clients and higher mobility lead to lower or more uncertain rates of ups and ups and ups, but a single container rental income is higher than the wholesale model. The typical retail data centre rental service providers in the country include centuries-old interconnectivity, new photoring network, web-bed technology, Dr. Penn, etc., whose data centre rental services are primarily aimed at small clients; the typical wholesale data centre rental uniforms.
(ii) Industry change: supply tightening but rising demand, supply end: policy level new demands on the supply end of idc
(1) Pue requires upgrades, and the policy level of greening data centres imposes high demands on pue. With the introduction of a series of regulatory policies, energy efficiency indicators for data centres are strictly limited, not only by tightening approvals for new data centres, but also by placing higher demands on pue in stock data centres.
The three-year action plan for the development of the new data centre (2021-2023), published by the Ministry of Information in 2021, plans to reduce the number of new large and above data centres to less than 1.35 by the end of 2021. By the end of 2023, the number of new large and above data in the country will have been reduced to less than 1.3 for the heart, and in hard and cold areas to less than 1.25 for the hub nodes.
First-line cities, as core competition areas, are increasingly controlled by new projects, and the policy of building restrictions is being clarified, stringent, green. In a double-carbon context, the central cities and provinces of Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, etc., have developed data centres.
The policy document, which strictly controls the number of idc cabinets and construction areas, makes the performance assessment a first-strength catch, and the energy consumption index a sectoral barrier. The core area inventory cabinets and energy consumption indicators become scarce resources, and companies in front-line cities may benefit from this. The third-party data centre operator ' s technological upgrading is focused on low-carbon energy efficiency and efficient operation.
Demand expansion contradicts resource scarcity, and data centres are in short supply. Third-party data centre operators need to deploy front-line urban business circles ahead of schedule to secure target resources such as land, electricity, energy consumption, and thus have a greater market share and are expected to achieve a fast-tracking of national resources in carbon neutrals and settings (2) East-west accounts for the combined deployment of national resources
The ‘number’ in the ‘East-West calculation’ refers to data, which is the ability to process data. The ‘East-West calculation’ is a new network of algorithms for data centres, cloud computing, large data integration, to channel the demand for east-west computing in an orderly fashion, optimize the data centre layout, and facilitate East-West coordination.
Momentum. In May 2021, the East-West Plan was launched in Kyoto, the Long Triangle, the Great Bay Area, Sung-kyung, Inner Mongolia, Guizhou, Gansu, Ningxia. In February 2022, the Joint UNDP Development Commission issued a multi-ministerial circular to initiate the construction of the East-West Plan, in which Kyuzin, the Long Triangle, the Great Bay Area, Sung-kyung were the four main hubs in Inner Mongolia, Mongolia and China.
Guizhou, Gansu, Ningxia will plan a cluster of major national data centres and a cluster of 10 national data centres, including the Zhang Jiaxuan cluster. As a result, the national integrated data centre system has completed the overall layout design, and the “East and West” project has been fully launched.
“East and West” optimizes resource allocation, promotes East and West co-ordination, and guides industry development. The massive development of the data centre in the east is unsustainable because of rising land and energy resource constraints.
Networking, financial securities, video calls, etc., Western Data Center handles low network processing, offline analysis, storage back-up, etc. The East and West Counts channeling eastern computing needs in an orderly fashion to the west, optimizing the data, building a core layout, and facilitating East-West coordination. The transfer of East-West-generated sea-level data to the west will facilitate full-scale construction.
Nationally integrated numeracy networks, which help to address the imbalance between demand and supply for data processing in the East and West, will increase the size of domestic numeracy in an orderly manner, while increasing the efficiency of use. New and planned data centres will require greater standardization in accordance with policy requirements.
The average occupancy rate within the data centre cluster is no less than 65 per cent. (3) Energy consumption indicators are tightened and supply and demand in the first line of cities are tight, and the first line of cities is close to the end demand, mostly in industries with relatively greater demand for the network.
The layout favours the eastern front-line city, where the demand for arithmetic is high. And because of the high amount of electricity used, society generally defines data centres as high-energy-consuming industries.
The central-western region has the advantage of having a suitable climate, abundant renewable resources, and low electricity prices, which can compensate for the relative distance between the backbone of the network and the end-user demand. The idc-line urban layouts, which tightens the supply of first-line cities.
Because: first, high levels of economic development, high digitization, high demand for data centres and high digestive capacity; second, long-term sensitivity and high timeliness of data for some industries in first-line cities; third, policy orientation for greening trends, double carbon requirements, and East-West calculations. As a high-energy-consuming industry, data centres generally face energy constraints under a “double-carbon” strategy.
The idc entry threshold continues to tighten, affecting the delivery of some of the idc. China’s idc market is currently concentrated in the Eastern region and in the core first-line cities, which characterize the confluence of one-line central cities.
According to the Ministry’s projections for 2020 in the National Data Centre Applied Development Guidelines, there was a demand gap of 87,000, 91,000, and 106,000 in 2020 in Beijing, Shanghai, and Guangzhou. And as demand for idc entry thresholds and energy consumption management in first-line cities is tightened, we expect that this supply shortfall will continue.
2. Demand-side: Growth in flows and expansion of arithmetical power to boost demand for idc (1) Mobile Internet-led data flows continue to grow and demand for digital economic development leads to a strong demand for data flows. Our digital economy has continued to build: 5g construction and commercial, etc.
According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, mobile Internet traffic has continued to increase at a sustained rate, with the dou value remaining high in June. In the first half of the year, the aggregate mobile Internet traffic reached 14,2.3 billion gb, an increase of 14.6 per cent over the previous quarter, up 0.9 percentage points over the previous quarter. As of the end of June, mobile Internet traffic had increased.
The number of users amounted to 1.49 billion, a net increase of 3.82 million compared with the end of the previous year. There was a significant increase in the use of mobile Internet access traffic (dou) during the current month of June. The data centre is an important node for data storage and transmission.
Continued acceleration of the scale development, with accelerated migration to 5g for 2, 3 and 4g users, with 5g users permeating more than 50 per cent in 2025. Innovative breakthroughs in personal terminal applications and digital content for 5g are expected over the next 2-3 years, and global mobile users will exceed 858 billion in 2022 and are expected to reach 9.1 billion in 2025; and global mobile users are expected to break through 5g in 2025.
2.3 billion, or nearly 30 per cent of the global mobile users. The 5g era has evolved to lead data flows to further expand growth (2) large model eruptions, and the introduction of the chatgpt model, arithmetic-driven secondary growth of the flow, has continued to outpace expectations. 1) Chhatgpt registered users surged, with a five-day breakthrough of millions; 2)
The gpt model was launched in June 2020 and updated on the basis of the gpt3.5 launched in November 2022, and the gpt3.5turbo16k launched in June 2323. 3) ai is permeating a thousand industries: multiple scenarios based on large models are also expanding.
The hardware moor's law, figure 16:chatgpt's user comparison, training and reasoning require a lot of arithmetic support, and training is more expensive.
The computing requirements for the head-ai model are doubled every three to four months, and the computing requirements for the head-training model are up to 10 times higher every year. The reasoning phase is based on the search volume of the model on the line, and the magnitude of the new input data is compared to the large scale of the training, and large models from abroad are dominated by high-tech companies in the United States.
The leading role in the development of the model, which is now used in the network structure of Transformer, which is used in almost all of the ai model training. The introduction of the modeling is made possible by the commercialization of Microsoft copilot. The copilot product is based on gpt-4, which uses the full range of generating ai capabilities to be used as an intelligent writer in the office landscape.
The price per user varies from $12.5 to $57 per month. Commercialization of the product reflects the business’s continuing interest in the future of artificial intelligence.
There are hundreds of companies, commercial soup, science and technology, China, China, China, Ali, Kyundong, and the Fourth Model. Research institutions are also active in the Bureau, with universities such as Qinghua University, the University of Gangdan, the Middle School, etc. Large country models are divided into generic and vertical applications.
(iii) Industry trends: large third parties are in the direction.
The primary strategic direction of the telecommunications operator is network transmission and mobile interconnection, the idc business is not the core business of the operator, construction and maintenance are largely outsourced and operating costs are high;
Cloud service providers and large Internet companies are based on their own platform operations.
The services provided by the third-party data centre service provider are more responsive to the individualized needs of the enterprise and can work with the network resources of the telecommunications operator to create complementary advantages and better fit the needs of the enterprise ' s users; and the third-party data centre service provider has greater experience and technical expertise in operating efficient and usable hangars to ensure the safe and stable operation of the data centre, third-party idc
In the future, data centre service providers will be more stable, operational, scalable, operational maintenance experience, rapid departmental capacity, demand responsiveness, recognized client evaluation, value-added service functionality, and will be downstream customers choosing data centre service providers.
Focused factors, third-party specialized data centre service providers provide clients with data through self-constructed data centres or leased data centres, and industry status has been gradually upgraded, according to the Centre.
2 Application: Public clouds, dominated by private clouds/mixed clouds. Public clouds are a third party that provides a cloud infrastructure for collective use by the general public or large industries, owns its organization for the sale of cloud services, and system service providers provide customers with the ability to deploy and use cloud services on loan. Public clouds are open to all publics.
This cloud computing model is operated by a service provider with an extremely large data centre, with computing and storage resources in the client community, although the Idc market continues to grow at a relatively fast pace, there is a growing tendency for small and medium-sized customers to move towards public cloud, and the public cloud market is growing. Small and medium-sized companies are characterized by the following:
Small, with less demand for IT resources, network bandwidth, and arithmetic. Second, this type of enterprise tends to be deep-cultivated, with typical industry affiliations. Third, SMEs are more sensitive to input costs.
Private clouds can be hosted either in the enterprise’s own data centre, in a third-party co-hosting facility, or through private cloud providers that provide private cloud hosting services. Private clouds are expensive; private deployments are private; data are private; there is a strong degree of autonomy; functionality is custom-able; performance is reliable; resources are exclusive and localized.
The special needs of privacy protection, such as financial, medical, etc., are better suited to private clouds. Figure 19: Some publicly owned and privately owned cloud producers combine public and private cloud clouds. Public and private cloud infrastructure operates independently of one another.
Data communications via encryption of related technologies are independent elements, so private cloud data are protected, and public cloud computing capabilities are used at the same time to enhance security. At the same time, when an increased number of mission requests (bundling) results in a shortage of private cloud resources, this can be mitigated by leasing publicly-owned cloud resources.
Cloud-bearing features: increased storage and scalability; increased availability and accessibility; increased agility and flexibility; reduced costs; and access to integration advantages. On the one hand, cloud service providers are driving the city of idc with rapid growth in business volume and increasing demand for infrastructure hosting.
Field growth; on the other hand, cloud service providers have different types of cloud services and become more diversified: lower prices, rapid deployment, ease of expansion, customized services, data privacy, etc.3 Construction: integration, modularization are new directions
Modular data centres are a new generation of data centre deployments based on cloud calculations. idc has evolved from the start of the traditional machine room construction to modular construction. In the idc construction, the concept of modular design has been adopted to minimize the combination of infrastructure to machine room environments. Subsystems such as power distribution, cooling, machine cabinets, air current containment, integrated cabling, mobile loop monitoring have been integrated to improve data.
Overall operational efficiency of the Centre, resulting in rapid deployment, flexible expansion and green energy efficiency. Figure 20: Idc housing map. Modular Idc data centre technology is the main direction for future development of the data centre, and now three types of presence have emerged.
Modular data centres consist mainly of cabinets, closed access, power distribution systems, refrigeration systems, smart surveillance systems, integrated cabling and fire-fighting systems. The Modular Data Centres are widely used in Internet data centres, especially by many Internet enterprises directly.
The rental of parts of the hangars in the operator ' s data centre room and the conduct of their own operations, which form a separate micromodule, which can also be leased to other Internet companies, without prejudice to each other.
The container data centre is the most well-known one that puts a single brain into a container, such as a server, storage, network equipment, and so on, namely, a container data centre. The container data centre has been used quite extensively abroad, especially in places with a unique geographical location, a unique climate, and a natural energy-rich environment, in order to make greater use of the environment.
Warehousing data centres refer to the conversion of inactive warehouses and plants into data centres. Micromodules for storage data centres are pre-positioned by the manufacturers, and micromodule components are shipped to field assembly. In-house configurations are in the form of micromodules or containers. On a scale, storage data centres are located between container data centres and micromodule data centres.
Modular construction has the following advantages in relation to the construction of the traditional idc machine room: first, construction methods: fully closed design, external interior zero requirements. Modular rooms are built using factory prefabricated and on-site assembly methods, with shorter construction cycles, effective reduction of equipment failure rates and longer life. Second, flexibility: Modular rooms have a high degree of flexibility and can be expanded or reduced at any time according to demand.
iii. Mobileity: Modular units are more mobile and can be relocated as necessary to accommodate different business needs.iv. Energy use: Modular rooms are more efficient than conventional rooms in terms of energy use, as they are more rationally designed to reduce waste of energy and reduce operating costs.v. Maintenance: Modular rooms can perform modular maintenance and maintenance.
This avoids the risk of shutdown of the entire office. Sixth, energy-saving reductions: modularized rooms operate in a micro-environmental environment, effectively planning cold-segregated thermal corridors, micro-gas flow cycles, end-to-end cooling, maximizing cooling efficiency, and pue values below 1.3, significantly reducing energy consumption, saving operating costs, low-carbon environmental protection.
(i) Business model: Self-involvement/self-instruction/self-sustaining/self-independent stabilization/self-industrial/self-industrial model The company has been following the pattern of self-involvement, self-instruction, self-operated high-level data centre cluster, which we believe is self-involvement, self-involvement, self-involvement,
The construction and self-operation model is at the heart of the guarantee of a sustainable harvest, and its underlying reason is that the demand for the safety and stability of service servers, represented by Internet companies, is met. Client claims: Internet company servers are hosted in data centres with long-term, stable, and reliable requirements.
The migration of services has resulted in significant losses on-line operations and increased the risk of server failure, which is not easily migrated by the general server, and whether the data centre asset is the owner’s own asset has become one of the most important elements for users.
Table 8: Rune Tech “Self-in, Self-building, Self-insustained, Self-instained, Self-insistance Model”, a stable model that ensures the availability of high-quality customers with clients. Currently, companies are based on wholesale models, data centres are contracted for long periods, rents are high, customers are sticky, and high-quality customer resources are available in cooperation with operators, and transport is carried out.
The price range for the early 4.4-7kw single case signed by the business was mainly RMB 5,700-8,000/month and the contract was generally for 10 years. In the case of the top five clients, the rise of the firm's end-user in the more powerful, large Internet and ict enterprises, including short video in the Internet industry, led to the byte beating, fast-hand, and the Internet's new value for basics.
Release of facility requirements, based on a 10-year contract for the services of idc, which had been signed with China Telecommunications Beijing Branch on 31 December 2029, and Yun ZeTech and China Telecommunications Beijing Branch on the 10-15-year cooperation agreement with idc, which provides data centre services to China Telecommunications, with direct access by China Telecommunications.
Long-term income stability was achieved through a byte-to-step jump to provide one-stop service for data centres and networks. Figure 22: Rainer technology clients (ii) Electricity access: self-built + wholesale, power access leads to an increase in the Māori rate
The business model for Yunzawa technology is mainly a wholesale business model, with clients mainly serving as basic telecommunications operators, such as China Telecom Beijing and the China Connected River North. Retailing services are relatively small, with the main retail operations providing value-added services for some end-users, such as rental cabinets, data centre room maintenance, etc.
Retail data centre target clients are mainly small and medium-sized clients whose sales units are leased from a single container, while wholesale data centre target customers are large Internet manufacturers whose sales units are leased from the machine room module: retail data centre is normally 2-4 years from commissioning to full lease, while wholesale data centre is normally leased for one year from commissioning to full lease, so the wholesale data centre is located on board.
Electricity is faster than retail data centres. The business model for Yunzawa technology is mainly a wholesale business model, with the first data centre a1 being a model for the delivery of post-partum Yuzawa technology, including self-employment and cooperation with telecommunication operators (batch-type), and after a period of touch and integration, the company and China telecommunications
The Beijing branch and the China Union Hebei branch signed an agreement on operational cooperation, using their respective resources, to cooperate in the construction and operation of the idc business rooms. The China telecommunications branch of Beijing and the China Union Hebei branch of China are responsible for market expansion, contracting users and agreeing to settle the costs of Yun Ze technology in accordance with the agreement, providing infrastructure (idc and dc hangars) and dc transportation services.
Yearly idc service contracts, the company also signed an idc cooperation agreement with China Telecom Beijing for 10-15 years. The Internet has a strong demand for data centre scalability, the super-large data centre cluster becomes the first choice for users, and the company’s self-constructed model, wholesale model, allows end-users to expand directly to local data centres in line with the rapid development of their own business and to carry more.
The amount of data has ensured the company’s access to electricity. Rwasawa technology compared to the same industry’s Māori ratio: a synthesis shows that there are now new Halo networks, data ports, Treasure Software, Aufi, and other companies listed in the idc data centre, both domestically and abroad.
Data, data for all nations, inter-century data, Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Qin Tsi, by comparing income from idc services to total operating income, the Mäori rate for Ze Ts is 53.11 per cent, which is higher than the industry average Mäori rate of 23 points. (iii) Operating costs: electricity/resources/energy conservation measures guarantee operating costs
Energy consumption indicators have been approved locally in the developed regions of the east, especially in large, deep-class cities in the north and around them, where there are very limited energy consumption targets that can be reserved for the development of data centres, making it difficult to support the landing of more than one large data centre in the east.
In other parts of the country, energy consumption is already available for the current construction project. Of this amount, the standard annual use of total energy consumption for the International Information Clouds Port (icfz) project is 347,371.561 tonnes/year, through the economic development district of the galleries.
The Commission approved and agreed to the implementation of the project: the Long Triangle-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-Lu-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I.
Approximately 69,066 tons of standard coal (eq) were consumed, exempt from the environmental impact assessment process under the multi-documentation project; and approximately 23,882 tons of standard coal (eq) were consumed annually by the international information port project, exempt from the environmental impact assessment process under the multi-documentation project: 4,868.82 tons of coal were consumed annually under the international information port project. (Energy consumption is the cut-off unit)
Table 13: Assessment of energy consumption and environmental impact of various projects in Yunzawa TzeTechnology2 and conversion of energy-saving measures in multi-channel systems The most important cost of the data centre is electricity, which accounts for 80% of total operating costs.
Engineering, energy-saving equipment, continuous optimization of design to reduce the Pue value of the data centre, with energy efficiency of 1.47, 1.44 and 1.43 in 2019 for the a1, a2, a5 data centres that were already in production at that time, and a1, a2, a5 and a6 data centres that achieved a1, a9, respectively, in 2020 for the overall electrical efficiency of the data centre.
Energy efficiency in the distribution system: ups from the original two-way mode of operation to the dynamic energy-saving mode. The company ' s original ups system is about 94 per cent efficient and power losses are about 6 per cent. Conservative estimates suggest that this can be done by reducing electricity losses from 6 per cent to 2 per cent of the total power of the original ups, and by 66.6 per cent for the ups;
Refrigeration system energy efficiency: On the basis of the operation of the current chiller, each cooler will be provided with a small-ball cleaning device to ensure heat efficiency of the condenser, with a 4% annual cooler saving rate. Subject to the requirements of the DB50174-2017 data centre design code and the overall safe and stable operation of the echo room, it is proposed to increase the temperature of the water supply from 12°C to 5°C of the original design.
17°C, a conservatively expected company cold-water unit with a reduced energy efficiency rate of more than 10% after retrofitting, currently operating in a way that provides for a cooling operation in which the backup pumps are not operational, and using a thermal mode of operation that allows the pumps to be operated at a rate that effectively reduces secondary pump energy consumption and preserves the corporate system of the projected targets by ensuring safe operation.
A 5 per cent energy saving rate has been achieved as a result of a change in the mode of operation of the second pump of the cold system, with end-of-end air-conditioning saving: conversion to fluorine-pump air-conditioning using natural refrigeration can save 20 per cent; air-conditioning from the current N+2 mode of operation to the thermal-controlled mode of operation, with an energy-saving rate of about 30 per cent.
Rwasa technology is currently running a single-system price, with a price of 0.5192 kV/kWh (including taxes) in the area of the galleries and 1-10 kV (including taxes) in the suburb of Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou cities for the price of electricity in the industrial sector.
Not for 0.6246/kWh, 0.69/kWh (non-summer) and 0.6381/kWh.4 Self-built power stations are guaranteed with sufficient electricity.
Station, at present, the 220kv transformer station is under construction in the company ' s lobby; in July 2022, the Long Triangular Lake Park began to build a self-service 110kv transformer station and plans to ship a 110kv user transformer station in the Long Triangle and build a 110kv transformer station in Chongqing.
In 2022, for example, the total operating cost of the company was $16,145.2 million and the cost of electricity was $8,921.227 million, representing 55.71 per cent of the company's operating cost.
Figure 26: Composition of electricity costs for the idc machine room currently under delivery and construction of the data centre design pue has been reduced to below 1.3, and some of the operational data centres have also been reduced to below 1.3. However, the final pue value is still subject to inspection or acceptance by the competent authorities of the pue
It is determined that within the possibility that the actual operational effects will not meet the 1.3-plus, the company-owned shareholders, the Beijing Starfleet, have committed themselves to actively oversee the development of Yunzawa to achieve a energy-saving reduction target of less than 1.3 per cent for the corridor data centre by 2025. (iv) Profitability: sustained increases and cost controls are effective
In the first half of the year, corporate revenues were 1.393 billion yuan, 2.047 billion yuan, 2.714 billion yuan and 1,682 million yuan, respectively. In recent years, corporate revenues have been steadily and rapidly increasing, reflecting good corporate development and growth excellence.
After the annual re-marketing of the shell, YundzeTech raised funds for performance commitments in the Major Assets Reorganization Report, which was attributed to the parent company after deducting non-recurring gains and losses from the combined statements for 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024.
A steady rise in the Māori rate, net interest rate The view was expressed that the company's high Māori rate and net interest rate may be due to: 1) the company's model of “sponsoring, self-building, self-sustaining, self-carriage” and the economies of scale of operation of the data centre campus as the number of cabinets became operational.)
The company has a certain advantage in the depreciation of fixed assets. The company has a more efficient use of fixed assets in the data centre park, construction and equipment collection have an advantage in scale and batching, and related facility procurement has a voice, so depreciation of fixed assets has a certain boost in the public sector's Māori ratio.
Figure 29: Māori rate of lunze technology in recent years Figure 30: Runze technology net interest rate in recent years. According to the company ' s announcement on the layout of the data centres and plans for future construction, by 2022, the company ' s galleries a.
Pay for 46,000 hangars; by the end of 2023, the data centre for a9-a12 in the corridora area is expected to be fully operational, and the first phase of the data centres in Pinghu, Huezhou, Foshan and Chongqing is expected to be operational, with a total of about 90,000 hangars, of which 70,000 are located in the corridora area; and by 2024, the production of the first phase of the corridorb area project and the continued development of the data centre projects in Pinghu, Huezhou, Fushan and Chongqing, with a total of about 130,000
We have chosen as comparable industry companies with similar business structures such as UFO data (retail-type data centres, etc.), data ports (distribution-plus retail-type data centres, etc.), new optical circulation networks (distribution-plus-retail-type data centres). We believe that corporate business models, customer resources, electricity penetration are at the forefront of the industry, and we believe that the future will be combined with the layout and delivery of company data centres in various locations.
The hangar rate is not as high as expected: the company’s hanger rate determines the overall harvest. Currently, the number of boarders in the corridora area is high, and with the continued construction and delivery of the cabinets in area b and long triangles, Grand Bay, and Chengjing, if not as high as expected, or has an impact on the company’s income and Maori ratio.
The company’s top customer is a byte beat, and the company’s capital expenditure on the company will directly affect the input into the data centre if the company’s capital expenditure falls short of expectations. Operating costs, such as electricity, are too high: annual operating electricity costs account for an absolute share of the company’s operating costs, the construction of the company’s hangars, and the construction of the company’s hangars everywhere.
Delivery, with a gradual increase in the power availability of the cabinet, will inevitably lead to an increase in overall electricity consumption, which will put pressure on net profits.