And when most people laugh at Buffett, they're always careful: you're around, probably already in bubbles. The other day, the news said, "What's going on? Buffett's losing the big disk xx points," and that's not true.
This is the extreme market structure of the “two days of ice fires.” On the one hand, the cyclical industry’s valuation is extremely compressed.
For example, one of Shanghai’s local firms, a Shanghai-based enterprise, is one of China’s leading companies. When you mention Shanghai, the first two companies that came to mind, one of which is upper steam, the other is it.
It's a cabbage price. Moreover, it gives a rate of 9% a year, and the result is still unknown.
In any case, we have to think about this extreme scenario, is it reasonable? And, on the other hand, it's a crazy rise in the value of the science and technology industry.
In one case, for example, cash flows of about 120 million a year, 108 million in the third quarter of 2019, together with mobile pe, 37 times pb, 55 times ps. And if we look at the global tap of the semiconductor industry, power generation (roll p, 24 times), Asma.
So what's the concept of a power supply + Asma, and if these two companies are gone, the entire world semiconductor industry will stop, and that's the real "dude on the crown" on the global industrial chain. Twenty-two times the global tap, compared to 246 times the inner tap: in any case, we have to think about it again.
Today, our model is to use data to talk, see how big the bubble is, whether it is, or whether it's reasonable. It is part of a very popular science concept in the current market: a simulation chip.
In 2019, the important fundamental event was the entry of China into the supply chain in the first quarter, replacing part of the original.
In addition, this case is also the hotr Tws concept unit in 2019, which provides power management chips for wireless headphone chargers. In addition to the concept of Halo, its business became a heavy bill for the Fund, with the Social Security, the Open Development Fund, the Efonda Fund, but it has a warehouse.
In addition to the above-mentioned good news, in January 2020, this case issued a performance forecast, and in 2019 the net profit of the mother increased.
From fundamental events, to the Fund’s rehousing, to performance release, this case is a perfect event-driven process, with stock prices soaring, as well as a microcosm behind the current hot technology unit, where the semiconductor’s national product is being replaced.
So, how does the market price it? 200 times more rolling pe, 37 times pb, 55 times ps. From the perspective of traditional value investors, such pricing is clearly unreasonable, but it does not prevent it from rising and becoming expensive.
The more this crazy moment, the more calm we need to think: is it true that in a case like this, how much premium is paid? Is our dcf model too conservative to have to re-develop a pricing theory for the science and technology industry, or is the market really crazy?
When we look at this, before we do the financial modelling, we have a few questions that merit our reflection: 1) How can this case, in this case, take orders from the Texas apparatus, take orders from China? 2) The state of production replaces this logic, assuming that it has actually been achieved, and how much more revenue can be generated in this case?
3) After a year of rising stock prices, which are more than four times higher, are these data expensive now? Or today, we're going to start with São Paulo shares to study the modelling logic of the semiconductor microchip design industry. For the semiconductor industry chain, we've also studied the power supply, the Texas apparatus, China Micro Corporation, Saithing, Monumental Innovation, Motionless Innovation.
Science and technology, British Weida, among others, include the interior leaders and the global giants, who can buy the "Technology Concept Modeling Casebook" of the elite team, access the in-depth reports we've done before, as well as some of the case details of Excel finance models, and in-depth research by hundreds of companies and dozens of industries to think deeply about the nature of the industry.
São Paulo shares, established in 2007, were listed in June 2017 and, as of the year 2018, they were effectively controlled by Zhang Shilong, with an actual shareholding rate of 20.89%. The warehousing institutions include the National Social Security Fund, the Bank of Commerce and Industry, and the Central Bank of Hong Kong, China; net profits are 81 million yuan, 94 million yuan, 104 million yuan and 120 million yuan, respectively; and net cash flows from operating activities.
In terms of performance growth, the annual compound increase in operating income for the last three years was 21.13 per cent, the annual compound increase in net profits was 3.6 per cent, the year-on-year increase in operating income in the third quarter of 2019 was 22.74 per cent and the year-on-year increase in net profits was 66.05 per cent.
Chips and signal chain chips, respectively, for power management in electronic equipment systems and transfer between analogue-digital signals Power management chips - in electronic systems, the effect of which is to transform, distribute, detect, and manage electrical energy. Systems requiring power supply basically require power management chips.
cpu power-detection circuits, etc., for electronics, industry, communications, medical care and automobiles. Signal chain chips - signal chain chips are involved in receiving, magnifying, converting, transmitting, sending, etc. from the signal, until the corresponding power device produces the relevant chip in the complete signal flow that is executed.
downstream applications include auto electrons, communications, industry, consumer electrons and medical simulation chips with a variety of products, wide application areas, long product life, fragmentation of customer structures, low cyclicality, etc.
The abundance of simulating chip lines usually represents the competitiveness of simulating chip firms, such as the Transnistrian instruments abroad, with more than 100,000 products, and the Yadno products, with more than 40,000 products. The São Paulo shares currently account for more than 1,000 products, which are significantly different from their counterparts abroad.
In this case, it is located in the middle of the semiconductor industrial chain, with the Fables model, where all the products are outsourced to the Crystal Circle plant, where the upstream suppliers are crystal round and sealers, where the main suppliers are acrylic, long power technology, access to microelectrics, etc., and the top five suppliers have a higher concentration, with an average of more than 95% in the last three years. They are downstream, semiconductor component distributors, and the top five customers.
The above-mentioned industry chain and business model formed a special financial reporting structure for the present case: in terms of the asset structure — in the third quarter of 2019, the total size of its assets was 1,281 million yuan, of which its share was higher.
In terms of profit structure — in the third quarter of 2019, its operating income was $534 million, of which its operating cost was $280 million, or 52.46 per cent, followed by R & D costs, 16.81 per cent, sales costs, 7.24 per cent, management costs, 4.32 per cent, financial costs — and after reading the basic set of graphs, the important question arises — where should we start if financial modelling is to be done?
We split our revenues into two parts of power-management products and signal-chain products, with 60% of power-management products and 40% of chain-of-letter products. In 2014-2018, São Paulo shares grew at a year-by-year rate, but from 2019 they started to grow.
In the third quarter of 2019, there was a rebound, with business income rising by 22.74 per cent on a year-on-year basis. Between 2014 and 2018, the decline in operating income was due to negative growth in downstream industries, the product of which was used mainly in the area of smart phones, and since 2013, as the penetration rate of smartphones has risen, the amount of smartphones is also running out.
In 2019, the growth in revenue from São Paulo shares grew significantly as a result of: first, the acceleration of import substitution and entry into the Chinese supply chain. Second, the outbreak of tws wireless headphones, which benefited from the release of power-management chip products for wireless earpieces.
Therefore, our revenue projections also need to be divided into two questions: 1) The growth of existing operations, can they be sustained? 2) If not, can we continue to expand our client share? First, look at the power management chip, the São Paulo share power management analogue chip product, which includes linear stabilizers, lithium battery charges.
Electricity management chips, cpu power-controlled circuits, led drives, etc., are used mainly in consumer-type electronics such as smartphones, digital cameras, laptops, computers, wearing devices, etc. Since it is not possible to split income, price forecasts for each power-management chip product, its share is less than 1%.
Future changes are difficult to predict with accuracy. So, this case uses an incremental approach. That is, the current year ' s income = the previous year ' s income determines the driving force behind the growth of power management chip operations in this case, depending on three aspects: 1) how well their technology is in the same position as industry; 2) the import of large customers; 3) the need for downstream applications.
Simulating chips, integrated circuits for processing successive natural analogue signals, such as sound, light, electricity, electromagnetic waves, velocity, and temperature. Because of the multi-morphologicalization of the signals that they process, it is difficult to store and perform incremental and logical calculations, the performance test for the simulation chip is not as clear as a digital chip.
So this also leads to technological competition in the area of simulation chips, which are not so sophisticated and difficult to build. The challenge for the simulation chip industry is that demand is diverse. Even in the same area, there is a diversity of performance indicators for the corresponding products, depending on their functional needs.
At present, the global simulated chip market has a high market share in Europe and America, such as Texas instruments, Yanod, British Flywood, Stead, and the Illusion Semiconductor, with a few giant markets accounting for about 46%, with Texas's instrument cities accounting for 18%. The city in this case has a market share of around 0.4%.
So what's at the heart of competition in this area? The answer: product breadth and flexibility.
First, the case has a certain advantage in flexibility, working with high-quality surrogates in the industry. The manufacturing process in this case is consistent with the overseas giants, but the overseas model is mostly based on the idm model, which is used in this case.
The Fabless model, partnered with the crystal-crystal industry, produces power. By several dimensions, such as the quantity of products and product applications and the production process, São Paulo shares are in the area of simulated chip collars, although they are at the forefront in the country, but there is still a gap between their technology and the international giants, and their products are now large.
The company, the sacred state, produces about 1,200 different types of products. But, while its fables model has the advantage of flexibility, we have to be clear, as compared to the giants, whether they are in production or not.
There is also a question of whether cooperation with the power plant, such as the surrogate production of the power plant, can be ensured in this case, and whether there is an alternative to it.
Subsidiarily, the consumer electronics area in this case is the market where the giants are gradually abandoning, while the Saints are the leader of the country. The power management chips made by the State are mainly used to manage, control voltage and current size.
Currently, the power-management chip products produced in this case are used mainly in less technologically difficult consumer electronics and smarts, mostly smart phones. The products of the international giants are generally used in more technologically difficult car electronics and engineering.
More technologically difficult industrial controls and car electronics have a higher margin of profit, with a consumption rate of about 40% in electronics and about 60% in industrial controls and automobiles. After collating the idea of national substitution, let’s look at a more detailed level, and see if China can work with it on a sustainable basis.
First of all, it must be clear that entry into China is the driving force behind the growth of their incomes. According to the p30 mobile phone released in March 2019, this case, as a supplier of the cellular power management chip product, has entered the Chinese supply chain and is able to achieve low-end simulation of the chip, replacing the United States Texas instrument and Yanod.
Previously, São Paulo's main clients were Naking, Mi, etc., and it appears from the sales of mobile phones in recent years that China's output is far higher than that of domestic cellular manufacturers such as Mi, Vivo and Opo, which, according to Canalys data, came out in 2019, taking into account the alternative logic of national production that we have previously analysed, the likelihood of continued collaboration between São Paulo and Hua is indeed extremely high, but note that
In 2018, there were about 1.4 billion smartphones worldwide and about $4.83 billion in volume. In 2019, there were about 1.37 billion smartphones all over the world, a negative increase from 2018.
By 2023, the number of global smart machines will reach 1.5 billion. Global smart machine growth projections: global smartphone growth projections
According to public sources, there are currently 6 power management chips in 4g single phones, while the more energy consumption required in the next 5g will also be better required for cellular power management chips, and the number of power management chips in 5g single phones will increase to 140 million mobile phones sold in 2019, requiring about 840 million power management chips.
The price disclosed in the book, the average unit price for power management products in 2016, was 0.2441 yuan per unit, and the price of the simulated chip, in view of the historical price disclosed, declined gradually, at a compound rate of about 4.7 per cent for three years, and calculated that the price of the 2019 chip was about 0.2326.
If, on the basis of the above data, if China were to hand over all the orders to the State, then the amount of business income needed for the cell phone would be the base, and even if this case were to provide all the power management chips this year, the revenue would be increased by 150 million orders, the price of the chips would not fall, then it would only be possible to bring the price of the chips.
Here, there is another point of study: will management’s long-term planning for product route development move into a higher-value, high-power power source management area?
The cruel reality of this technology backbone, the São Paulo-based alternative technology company, even if it actually succeeds, can only begin with low-profit and value-added products at the level of available technology, and it is very difficult to achieve substantial performance, so how can it reasonably predict future growth?
First, let's look at the industry. According to Wsts, the global simulation chip market in 2018 was about a year old, with a three-year compound increase of 12.37% in power management chips.
The historical rate of growth in business earnings is worth noting for example, in leading enterprises that have successfully achieved national production alternatives. For example, Led chip tap three, Angnostic, non-favourable storage chip tap-head innovation, crystal sealing long power technology, liquid crystal-surfaced dragonheads in the east of Kyoto, between 2013 and 2018, in leading firms with semiconductor sector breakdowns in the country, the median rate of growth in operating income is around the median.
23.86 per cent of these enterprises are at the forefront of their industries, largely achieving the goal of national production substitution in various areas, and market shares are also rising. While the overall income growth in the semiconductor sector has fluctuated, it is taking a long time, and the rate of growth is still at a very advanced stage of market opening, benefiting from simulation chip nationalization, and the opening of the commercial year 5g.
After this, the rise in demand driven by the emergence of new products in downstream consumer electronics, as well as a wave of change, has now increased at around 22 per cent, but the growth in São Paulo shares will also converge in the future, in line with the international maturation chip industry, and while the semiconductor industry is generally a cycle of 2-3 years, for the simulation chip area, it should be downstream.
Given the broad scope of the use, which does not cause significant fluctuations in performance as a result of an outbreak of demand in a given area, we do not consider the impact of the semiconductor cycle for the acceleration forecast in this case.In summary, Merger Merger assumes that the power management chip business in this case:
1. In a optimistic context – over the next three years, benefiting from the increase in the number of smart devices brought about by the wave of 5g smart phones downstream and by the spread of the Internet. At the same time, based on the trend towards higher national production, the power management chip industry will continue to grow at a high rate, so, between 2019 and 2022, its power management chip business will increase its revenue at a similar rate as in the semiconductor industry in the country.
The median rate of growth (23.86 per cent) in several leading enterprises replaced by national production has gradually declined to an average of 7.95 per cent in the history of the country’s power source management chip. In addition to the above-mentioned endogenous growth, there has been a growth in the expansive pattern.
The merger was announced in December 2019. The merger was awarded to the Xiang Tai semiconductor, which now holds 28.7% of Xianghai shares in the State, and the merger will buy all remaining shares in Xiaohai, which will be 100% controlled by the Xinhai semiconductor once the merger is completed.
The revenue generated in 2020 is approximately $322 million as a result of the same power management chip in the main camp, which is the same power source management business.) Conservatively - given the fact that the case is one of the fables and the suppliers are more concentrated, there may be upstream production.
In addition, smartphones have not changed as much as expected, and inadequate infrastructure has led to poor experience and output of smart equipment users. In the long run, this case is likely to slip to Texas's level of instrumentation for the international giant, Texas.
As a result, its power management chip operation grew by 23.86 per cent in 2019, gradually dropping from 23.86 per cent to an average historical rate of 3 per cent for Texas instruments. In addition to the power management chip operation, part of the signal chain business was used mainly for mobile power sources, machine cap boxes.
The main consumer electronics area. Since it is not possible to split the amount of income per signal chain chip product, price forecasts, and at the same time its share in the domestic market is less than 1%, it is difficult to give accurate forecasts of future changes. Therefore, we use the acceleration method for this business. Namely, current year income = previous year’s income* (1+ growth rate).
In terms of historical acceleration, São Paulo shares have a signal chain chip product that increases less rapidly than the power management chip, and in 2018, the rate of increase is largely consistent, owing to the convergence of downstream applications, which are strongly influenced by the demand for downstream consumer electronics. The signal chain is a bridge that connects the real and digital world.
The signal chain products, for example, are linear integrated circuits of many kinds, with a wide range of applications, whose primary function is to regulate simulating signals to prevent them from falling during transmission, while further strengthening signals and restoring them even.
More than the original strength, signal chain-type products are the basic instruments for simulation and data signal conversion. The technical barriers to signal chain chips are high.
The main measurement indicator is that di, ti, maxim are currently the main producers, while the share of domestic signal chain chip suppliers accounts for the share of signal chain chips in the simulated chip market is only 40 per cent, and normally agencies only forecast the size and speed of the simulated chip industry, not just the signal chain chip, so the business is projected to increase.
In terms of historical acceleration, signal chain operations and power management chips are similar: downstream applications are the same, covering essentially a broad range of areas such as communications, consumer electronics, industrial controls, automobiles, etc., while the two types of products in this case are currently mainly used in consumer electronics.
In terms of the technology cycle, because the two types of products belong to the same mimicry chip area, the manufacturing process is not driven by Moore's laws, and the pattern of competition shows that the signal chain chip giants abroad occupy a major market share, with only a few countries, such as China, Heath, and this case, with cities accounting for less than 1 per cent.
Overall, the signal chain chip business is classified as a sub-product in the area of simulation chips, but based on the higher technical barriers to the operation, the international giants have a clear competitive advantage, which is more difficult to expand than the power management chip. Thus, M&A assumes that between 2019 and 2028, the speed increase in signal chain operations was 7.9 per cent in the power chain management chip industry.
Because of the high level of uncertainty in the income projections due to the more point-to-point approach, from another perspective, we use the city-to-place method to validate its income calculations, which are based on the following formula: income = market total* city-to-city ratio. First, to estimate the current market capacity and market-to-city ratio.
Market capacity: It is known that in 2018, the city share in the entire national simulation chip was about 0.4%, which makes it possible to deduce that the total domestic simulation chip market is about $142.5 billion, which is similar to the domestic simulation chip sales figures disclosed by icinsight in mid-2018. The weight of the giant consumer electronic simulation chip business is about 10%.
The total market capacity for consumer electronics simulation chips is estimated to be $14.25 billion. The city rate is $570 million in 2018, the corresponding rate being 4% for the State.
This is already a very optimistic estimate, to note, that ten years later the city’s share has risen from the current 4% to 13% of the international giant Texas instrument. Method 1: Quarterly invertion – a historical relationship between quarterly, interstate, and annual reports, and a reverse increase in revenue in 2019.
Thus, Merger Mergers assumes that, in the fourth quarter, if there is no accident, the 2019 annual report will have expected revenue in reverse: Method II: Intra-natural growth rate — using expected growth rate, using formulae: Intra-natural growth rate = net asset return* (1-point red) and the reason we differ significantly from the agency's projections is that, first, in 2019, we found it possible on the basis of the logic of national substitution.
Compared to the company’s historical growth rate, which was measured at a lower rate of income than the agency’s forecast because of the lower individual price of the simulated chip product produced in this case and the smaller industry model. Second, agencies are generally optimistic about the pace of M & As completion, but for the time being, because of the current inability to complete the table,
Moreover, it needs to be pointed out that, given the step-by-step approach of the merger, there is some impact on the profit statement. The first 28.9% shareholding is now completed, the second 71.1% shareholding is currently undisclosed.
But such net profits are merely book profits, with no effect on cash flow. So the income level has been analysed, and then we look at another question: how to model the profit table?
After the income projections are completed, we enter the ebidta projections, which can be broken down into four major blocks: cost, R & D costs, administrative costs, sales costs. Note that the above-mentioned four-part calculation calculus is depreciated and amortized. 1) First, the cost - the cost of the main camp operations includes: crystal round costs (37.70 per cent), the cost of the encapsulation test (58.78 per cent),
The Māori rate in this case is stable and rising, and the price system in the State is based on a combination of the volume of transactions in the applied market, the climate and the situation of competitors, which can stabilize the Māori rate by providing reference prices to distributors.
Compared to the industry, the Māori rate is similar to that of domestic firms, but there is still a large gap between the international giants of Texas, Janod, and others, whose business is more similar. In this case, the increase in Māori rate depends on two aspects: 1) inward sales revenue is greater than outward sales. 2) placement in the high Māori sector.
1) Māori sales are higher in the case than in the case of external sales, 48.7 per cent, and 37.8 per cent. This is due to the larger share of products purchased by major internal sales clients for the industrial sector, and the larger share of external sales in the case of led film management products with more competitive prices. Between 2016 and 2018, the share of domestic sales rose from 24.39 per cent to 24.39 per cent.
However, the fact that Hong Kong, China, is the main destination for the sale of electronic components is Hong Kong, China, where downstream distributors usually buy packaged electronic components, does not suggest that downstream distributors will change the trading area in short time, and therefore will sell outside the market in the future.
2) From the different downstream applications of simulation chips, the Māori rate for consumption of electronics is about 40%, while the Māori rate for industrial control is about 60%. Currently, São Paulo shares produce products that are mainly used for the consumption of smart phones in electronics, while the international giants focus on industrial control and automobile electronics.
In the industrial field, however, the product is now dominated by consumer electronics due to the technical difficulties involved.In summary, the Māori rate is short term because it is still dominated by external sales and its technical capabilities apply to consumer electronics. 2) R & D costs - mainly salaries, consumables, amortization of intangible assets, depreciation costs, share payments
Between 2016 and 2018, R & D costs of São Paulo shares as a percentage of operating income were 10.84 per cent, 12.22 per cent, R & D rates in this case were on average for the industry as compared to the industry, and R & D rates have been rising steadily over the last three years. There was a significant increase in 2018, representing a 43 per cent increase from the same year in 2017, mainly due to the engagement of São Paulo in 2018.
New cto, share payments, have increased significantly over previous years. For comparable companies, the R & D rate has been higher than for São Paulo, mainly because of the concentration of their products on processor chips, which are digital chips, with a slightly higher technical barrier and faster replacement.
The cost of R & D personnel is the main component of its R & D costs, accounting for about 67%. The simulation chip that this case is designed to be used in the consumer electronics sector is now the main one, and the R & D input is much larger if it is to be extended to industrial controls or car electronics.
Continued growth is evident in the need for sustained investment in R & D in order to remain competitive. Overall, future R & D rates will remain high, but in 2018, as a result of a significant increase in equity payments, R & D rates were higher than historical levels, and after excluding the effects of the one-off event, Merger Proprietary assumed R & D costs.
The rate was maintained at the level of 11.28 per cent in 2017; by 2018, the ratio of administrative costs of the Crown shares to operating income was 3.32 per cent, 3.95 per cent and 5.07 per cent, respectively, and after deduction of the share payments, 3.32 per cent, 3.79 per cent and 4.11 per cent respectively.
Compared to the same industry, the management costs in this case are at a lower level in the industry. Compared to companies, the decline in the cost of intermediate electronic management is due to faster growth in operating income.
According to the 2019 bulletin in this case, M & As are still expected in 2019. Thus, M & As assumes that during the forecast period 4) the cost of sales - mainly salaries, market extension fees, transportation costs, equity payments, etc. The share of São Paulo shares sold as a percentage of operating income from 2016 to 2018 is 7.08%, 6.95% and 7.87% respectively.
The sales cost rate is stable in this case. The sales cost rate is higher in this case than in the domestic industry. The case is still at the market expansion stage, with a higher number of sales personnel and market extension fees and a higher future sales cost.
Although the case has entered China for the supply chain and has tied up large customers, there are still a large number of industrial companies working on power management chips in the consumer electronics sector in the country, which are competitive and still require wide market pushers from sales personnel. Therefore, M&A assumes an average cost of nearly three years of sales of 7.3 per cent.
The purchase of the profit sheet has been concluded, but there is also a depreciation amortization that needs to be analysed. To analyse the depreciation amortization, another important matter has to be studied — how much money will be spent in this case in the future on long-term assets such as equipment, factories, etc. ? How will this money be amortized to the profit tables every year?
In the balance sheet, one of the most significant impacts on the valuation is capital expenditure (which directly determines the depreciation amortization of capital expenditure), which we look first at — São Paulo shares have spent $10 billion, $14 million, $23 million, or income of 221 per cent, 2.63 per cent, and 4.02 per cent, respectively, over the last three years.
Based on the use of funds raised, approximately 80 per cent of the funds are spent on product development and development, and since the Crown shares are a funtables model that does not require investment in building production lines, there is currently no construction work in progress in the present case, nor is fixed assets a share of total assets, so the Merger and Purchasing (M&A) makes a simple assumption of capital expenditure:
1) Newly acquired fixed assets/start-of-period fixed assets, depreciation/start-of-period fixed assets - whose fixed assets consist mainly of house construction and machinery and equipment, which account for about 1.7 per cent less, so we take the historical average of three years. 2) Intangible assets acquisition/headhold business income - whose intangible assets consist mainly of land use rights, non-proprietary costs, etc., by
At a relatively small level, it is assumed that the 2018 level is maintained at 1.22 per cent. 3) Depreciation and residual rate - the depreciation of electronic equipment is taken as a result of the difference in the depreciation age of transport equipment, office furniture, electronic equipment, etc., for 4 years, 5 years and 3 years, respectively, and because electronic equipment accounts for more than 90 per cent.
With 3 years of age, the residual value rate is 5%. The study has now completed the projection of capex (capital expenditure), depreciation amortization. But there is another big variable that would sound like a free cash flow, and thus affect valuation modelling. In this case, what is the right to speak on the industry chain?
Upstream and downstream funds, in turn, enhance their own cash flows to enhance the value inherent in an enterprise; on the balance sheet, it is mainly accounts receivable, accounts payable and inventories that affect operating capital; and on the upstream lines — mainly accounts payable and advances.
The decrease in the share of accounts payable as a percentage of costs in 2018 was due to a reduction in accounts payable for crystals and sealing. In comparison with the industry, the accounts payable in this case were at a medium level of operating costs compared to the industry, comparable to that of Sgt. Ranwa.
The significant increase in the share of the cost of accounts payable in 2018 was due to an increase in the acquisition of long-term assets due to the fact that, while the top five vendors accounted for a very high 99.29 per cent share and the supplier was the leader in such industries as stock and technology, the supplier gave the case a three-month credit period, which usually waits for the customer due to the existence of a credit period.
Payments are made only on the due date and, in the short term, the supplier does not shorten or ease the credit period for the client. Thus, M&A assumes that the ratio of advance payments to cost, the share of accounts payable to cost, is maintained at an average of 0,01 per cent and 22 per cent for nearly three years.
Compared to the same industry, the accounts receivable ratio in this case is at a lower level than in the industry, considering that its top five downstream clients account for more than 51 per cent of the total, and that the client is mainly a distributor, and that the case is a forward payment with a certain collection cycle, and since the distribution pattern will not change in the short term, it will not be too much for downstream voice rights in the short term.
Because their products require downstream customer certification, the customers issue purchase orders, while the industry is monopolized by international giants, competes more intensely, and downstream customers have more options for suppliers, and therefore the ratio of advance payments is extremely small. Overall, M&As assumes that the voice of future downstream customers will not weaken, and will maintain the level of the status quo.
On this basis, it is assumed that its future accounts receivable as a percentage of accounts receivable and accounts received in advance as a proportion of operating income will remain at an average of 7 per cent for the last three years, respectively, and that, after reading the right of reply, the efficiency of its operations will depend mainly on the stock turnover rate, which, from the historical data, was 4.8, 4.9 and 3.7, respectively, for São Paulo shares between 2016 and 2018.
Next, its stock consists of raw materials, in products and inventory commodities, with a larger share of raw materials and inventory commodities, respectively, compared to the same industry, where the stock turnover of São Paulo shares in this case is at a medium level, and is significantly higher than in the same industry than in comparable companies, mainly because of the fact that its product structure is more homogeneous and its downstream applications are concentrated.
In 2018, there was a decline in the stock turnover rate in this case, mainly due to the increasing variety of products and the lower volume of cargo from downstream smart hands, which led to a decrease in the stock turnover rate.
As the demand for swimming flourishes and the volume of raw materials procured increases, we assume, with stable capacity, that the above, the vast majority of assumptions about valuation modelling have been completed, and we go into the important part of the report: modelling, how do we measure the bottom?
Before making a valuation model, let us sum up the basics of the case: billions of dollars: < microprocessors ($67.3 billion) > Logic chips ($10.93 billion) > Storage chips (15.8 billion dollars) with a market share of 15%, 17%, 28%, and 40% respectively.
Word chips are low. And, from the supply side, analog chips in consumer electronics are difficult to replicate on a large scale and the ceiling is not high. 2) Future growth drivers: in the short term, there is a need to track the volume of downstream smartphones and the need for smart appliance devices.
In addition, it is important to see whether the rise in semiconductor climate affects the capacity of suppliers, for example, if their main suppliers have more customers on their power stations and if they can secure their supply. 3) In the long run, it is important to note that the case is based on the current product, even if all the Chinese orders are taken.
A sustained 20 per cent growth over the long term, because, first, the consumption of electronics does not have a very high growth base, and second, their unit price is equal, so on the one hand, there is a need to focus on the R & D input capacity of the case, whether the number of new products added each year will meet the target, and, on the other hand, the need to focus on access to higher industrial controls and automobile power as R & D inputs become more technological barriers.
4) Return on invested capital: Between 2016 and 2018, we calculated that the roic of cash and class cash assets was unusual, because the short period of time in which the case was marketed was 2017 and the funds raised in the case after the listing were not fully spent, resulting in a large amount of cash on the books, making the roic of cash off during the last three years anomalous.
5) Protector's River Analysis: Simulator's Chip Design, which is reflected in the flexibility of the Fabless model, and Designer's ability. Unlike digital chips, Simulation Chips are lacking, usually require long periods of accumulation within the industry for designers, and excellent Simulation Chip Designers usually take almost 10 years.
Mansourizadinia, cto, with more than 30 years of development and management experience in internationally recognized semiconductor companies such as national semiconductors, maxim, idt, and mircrel. 6) From a competitive pattern: Global Simulation Chip Market is oligopolistic - US-European Enterprises (Texus) (US)
In this case, São Paulo’s share of the global market is about 1%, there has been a breakthrough in the area of consumer electronics with lower technical barriers, leading domestic firms, but it is less competitive for foreign giants.
7) Risk point: 1) Upstream suppliers are highly concentrated and dependent on power from the station. If the supplier has a tight supply capacity, this case may have a greater probability of not being able to acquire more capacity, thus having a greater impact on its future business earnings. 2) 2019 will be a new customer in the case, and in the future, if the technical capabilities of the case cannot be sustained, or if the United States cancels the list of entities.
This case may have a negative impact on the case. 3) In this case, the M & As are expected, and the M & As are not expected to study the scale and market of future harvests, several of the main variables of the valuation modeling have been identified here. After assuming that it is done, the modelling is the process of water-to-water formation. All of the above is for financial modelling tables.
In addition to the detailed valuation matrix of some of the key companies, please purchase a scientific and technical version of the report, for example, Kimshan Office, Smart Nine, Everett, and a copy of the report.
The model portion of the valuation is modelled as follows:
In the report that follows, we will address the following major issues in the case. Only if we think about them clearly can we understand the company in question and form a logical shut-off. Many people think that by relying solely on industrial logic analysis, we can move across the secondary market -- but in fact, if we don't model the valuation, the money.
The two main factors of risk make it clear that there is still a potential for major disaster: 1) In the financial modelling process in this case, we compare a large number of comparable companies. What is the difference between the data zones that have been generated, and whether there is something to think about?
2) Does the combination of relative valuations, absolute valuations, and the resulting range of valuations be logical? Where are the differences? If the sensitivity analysis is conducted, how much of the impact of the wacc and acceleration on the valuation is in this case, it is one of the most important in the industry chain - different methods in the valuation modelling process in this case.
What difference does it make? How should all the financial forecasts be combined to form a closed link to the valuation model?
The value of the case is whether it is expensive or cheap in what areas? Because of the public details of the report, there is a conflict with the paying user of the merger-ordered report, the M & A team will be required to report to the user, part of it will no longer be free of charge, and gradually try to pay for the function.
In this case, it will be updated to the Nucleus II: Science Report Book, which will scan the lower 2D code, obtain details of the valuation modelling of the case, and the financial risks that may be involved.
To obtain model forms and invoices after purchase, add a staff micro-letter: ys_dsj, in addition to this case, you have to study these ...
The eight words of value-deepness, security margins, can be said to be the true core of the value-investment research system, and the great minds of the greats of Barfit, Charlie Manger, Seth Karaman, Peter Lynch, John Neve, Joel Greenbrattt.
In both the primary and secondary markets, you can live in the market only if you have skills in financial analysis, industrial analysis, riverine analysis, valuation analysis, portfolio analysis. In particular, valuation analysis skills are the essence of the entire system of value investment research.
However, since valuation is not just a measure of data, it also needs to be based on an understanding of the market, an analysis of industry, and rigorous data computing, a field where the professional threshold is extremely high, often daunting, and therefore a major bottleneck in limiting the career development of capitalists and the breakthrough of the system.
And that's what the M&A team will do for the rest of their lives -- together with us, we'll hit the cards every day, for 10 years, and study 10,000 companies, and we won't be able to save money, and we won't be able to lose material strength, even if it's expensive.
We've been thinking about the research system for almost five years, hundreds of research cases for nearly three years, and hundreds of high-quality valuation reports that have been selected, all of which are in this database, on the one hand, a complete record of the merger and acquisition of the team research system, and, on the other hand, a desire to promote your thinking and not to go any further.
We're a group of researchers that focus on in-depth corporate research. This library, which concentrates on our research excellence, is a set of research guides for the users of mergers and acquisitions. Hope you'll get what you want. Copying, copying, copying.) About content: we're responsible for financial analysis, industrial research, content analysis.
This paper is based on public company affiliation, organized in accordance with its statutory obligations to publicly disclose information such as financial statements, audits, bulletins, etc., and does not endorse future changes. Any future changes are unrelated to this paper. We seek to be accurate, but do not guarantee its integrity and accuracy.
Validity, timeliness. Market risks, research needs to be cautious. 3) On theme: Financial modelling reports are huge, covering only some of the priority industries and cases, and not all of the cases you need are covered, understand. 4) On platform: all content of the elite is exported only by the micro-letter platform and is not responsible for any other platform content, for counterfeiting, tort.
[Data support] Some of the data from the study of this case, supported by the following institutions, are grateful for the fact that the national city is bloomberg, Reuters, and ranked in no order of rank.
It's essential. If you're interested in buying the data terminals of the above institutions, you're welcome to contact us.