The third quarter of the Great Wall is being evaluated for the innovation of income in a single quarter and for the constant growth of high quality events: the company publishes the three-quarterly report, the q3 quarter is showing a 10 per cent increase in corporate revenue by the same year, resulting in a net gain for the mother.
The same ratio was almost equal, with cumulative growth of 46% in income in the first three quarters, higher net profit for the same period, higher income for the single season and higher innovation for the rickets. The company ' s overall sales fell by 7% in three seasons, but the company ' s revenues grew by 10% in the same quarter, higher in one quarter and higher in product structure.
The profits are affected by costs such as equity incentives. The cost increases in chips, bulk raw material prices, and equity incentives affect the company’s Māori rate, net interest rate, net of these impacts, and the company’s one-car gain.
The level of profit should be synchronized with the company’s asp upgrade, and the level of bicycle profit continues to be higher in the industry. Tanks, good cats bring a new client group and brand image.
Good Cats, etc., are recognized by end consumers and, while increasing sales, tanks, 628,095,628,095 good cats have brought new client groups to clients and have changed the company ' s traditional brand image.
12 months of maximum/minimum wage) There are still a large number of outstanding orders for tanks, good cats, and the market is still in short supply, and there are still future sales.
New power products, such as hybrids, are about to add to the company’s growth. The company’s dht-mixed product sequence is about to be marketed to fill the company’s company’s stock of traditional fuel and pure city cars.
Optimizing the structure of the product and a significant recovery in the average price of the bicycle -- this market gap will also make the Wall a full-sequence powered car-type supplier, plus 2021/07/20.
Together with the company's reserve fuel cell technology, the Wall will in the future respond to changes in the energy structure with the Wall Car (601633) The Wall Car: A Reverse Growth in Performance,
Continuing first-class capacity - 2021/03/30 The Great Wall Car (601633) has grown far more than industry with South China selling Li Yanwen
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.