..the impact of the missing cores gradually subsides, and the drop in corporate wholesale sales in August. In September, as the missing cores subsided, there was a significant increase in the monthly sales ring ratio.
There was a greater recovery of cards and the Great Wall Picard, where the main Huffh6 and Huff dogs in the Huff brand contributed to the major ring growth, the Ora brand ring remained stable, the tanks sold 300 units a month out of 8,000, and there were plenty of orders to secure their release.
The impact of the cores is gradually being mitigated, subsequent sales are expected to continue to improve, and with next year’s chip problem likely to be resolved, the industry is expected to move towards an inventory cycle, and the company’s stock of new vehicles is expected to be fully enriched by the new vehicle reserves, with the product class-driven brand moving upwards.
The Great Wall cars have been active in promoting corporate change since the beginning of organizational change, with technology, marketing, and product upgrades. In the second half of 2021, companies continued to market a lot of heavy-pound products, wey brand upgrades, and high-end intelligent positioning of motor vehicles like Moka, Machito, latte, etc., while companies are at the end of the day.
Each year, multiple Wey brands will be placed on the market, and the company’s short boards in the areas of cars, mpv, etc., will be completed in terms of class. The tank brand will become independent, the tank 300 will be built into a completely new cross-country state, and products such as 400/500/7000/800 will now be visible and the product categories will be expanded.
Ola's brands are about to hit the women's market, the product class is breaking up, and the cars run the lightning cat, the rectangular punk cat, and the suv cat are showing up. The Hover brand will be on the market in the second half of the year for new cars like h6s, xdog, and the beasts.
New vehicles are being delivered at a slower pace than expected; new energy operations have not developed as many risks as expected.
3. The sales in July were in line with expectations, and the missing core effects remain in existence.
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, without any guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information or of any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.