On November 22nd, 2021, research assistant Yang Hye-Chi.
• Highlights of the event: On November 19, 2021, the Guangzhou International Car Fair was officially opened, with the Great Wall car, Biadi, and other domestic headcar companies displaying a large number of new models. On the day of the Car Fair Media Day, the Great Wall ' s Car Dragons, Tanks, Wey, Ora, Pikka, Haff six brands each launched a series of heavy-pound cars.
The product cycle continues to be strong. High-end pure electric salon brands begin with first-car-type machines.  Central to the creation of differentiated products, Sharon & Tank brands undermine the definition of high-end market products: Sharon first-line convection, the main player, the technology wind, and the difference route rushes to the top.
The price of the global limit is 488,000 yuan, which will allow for a variation in appearances, intelligent perception systems, and brand positioning. In the future, with a magnosis of a magnosis, the Great Wall will have a new model of 10 or more cars by 2025, which will further enrich Sharon’s product matrix.
The market share of the lavish market is rising by 40 to 800,000 yuan. The tank brand tank 500 officially opened for sale at a price of 335,000 to 395,000 yuan. As of 21 November, over 26,000 orders had been placed, and the multi-dimensional upgrades in the fields of power, intelligence and cross-country have continued to push the cross-country market into full swing.
• Wey & Ola's brand is high-end, with electrodynamic & commingling at its core. Wey's brand is pre-saled with iron dht, two phev-type & dreamy car shows, middle-end market mixing up speed. Wey sent latte dht to drive lavish comforts inside the car, pre-sale prices.
16.28 - 18.28 million dollars for a lemon dht hybrid system, combined with 1,000 km and a 100-m fuel consumption of 4.9l. In addition, the Mocanoh intelligent pilot version, and the new first car dream of Machidophev and the Wall, also appeared on a wide state car show.
To be able to add economic + cosmopolitans to the image of medium- and high-end market brands. Aura's brand lightning/barrel/Punkcats will be on the market, the brand "Global More Women" will be more numerous, and the product system will be upgraded. In 2022, the brand will be re-emerging in its product year, in ballet.
On the basis of the new cat, lightning cat, punk cat, the new class C sedan has been introduced, the product system has continued upwards, and the sales have been increasing.  The Hover/Pika brands have deepened their product re-innovation, and the product matrix has been refined.
1. The Great Wall Cars (601633): October, under the theme “Hover, China, The Wave to the World”, adheres to the principles of product innovation, user supremacy, wholesale ring + 12%, tank delivery + 12%
Create the first user-type brand in the industry. The Great Wall Picah series officially publishes a global product map, New High 2021-11-08 to achieve full-scale, full-scale, full-priced branding.
Three-quarter reviews: elimination of equity incentive fees  profit forecast and investment rating : watch for the rise of autonomous brands, especially for the new wheel of the Great Wall.
We keep the Wall's 2021-2023 homecoming net profit of 3, "The Wall" (601633): September.
The new product cycle continues to be released, the basics are leading the industry, the Great Wall is preferred, the wholesale ring is 35%, the sales are too predictable.
Sharon's first car, the lead machine, the technology wind, the difference route, the high end, the global limit price, 488,000 dollars. 1) Appearance differences: Sharon's first car, with a hard-column A-shaped look, and a strong and sharp look, and a very different design style from the mainstream model of the current market, such as a round-and-line line. 2)
In the field of smart driving, the robotic dragons are equipped with four laser radars plus seven million ultra-highly clear cameras, an intelligent sensing component, the first supporting a fully-covered model of laser radar 360° and creating a differentiated intelligent perception configuration; in conjunction with the first global release of mdc smart driving computing platform, there is a high degree of redundancy to ensure safety.
Robots are equipped with a high-speed 8155-car chip, dms+oms double-car camera, four stand-alone areas, and seven screens to interact with each other to ensure easy and easy access to traffic within the vehicle. 3) Brand positioning differences: Sharon's branding is based on mechanical beauty + intelligence + high performance as a core concept for differential branding, with users with "home on the shoulder + dream + eye"
In addition, in the power sector, Sharon's coronary is loaded with double power, with a maximum power capacity of 400 kw and a maximum torque of 750n m, a 100 km acceleration of 3.7 seconds and a 100 km brake distance of 33 m; and a 115kwh cell, cltc construction.
802 km continues, supporting the charging of 10min to 401 km under super-high pressure fast. In the future, the Wall will have 10 or more new models to be launched by 2025, with a fleet of over 400,000 to 8 million yuan in luxury markets.
Figure 1: Sharon's first tank, the 500 tanks are officially opened for sale, and the 20min orders are for 13,000, continuing to push the cross-country market to full-scale layout. The tanks are 10,000 yen, while they are being sold in parallel with the black warrior version created by the user, at a price of 365,000 yuan.
500 on the Great Wall self-researched 3.0t&v6+9at total power to achieve maximum power of 260kw, peak torque 500n.m, 100 km accelerated 7.3s, wltc combined 100km fuel consumption of 10.8l. 2) In the area of intelligence, tank 500 carries class 12+, which is an intelligent pilot support system capable of noh high-speed pilot driving, with high-precision maps attached,
3) In the field of off-roads, tanks 500 complete a new generation of smart four-drive systems, combining four-by-four-by-one advantages, can automatically switch different modes of driving, different local scenes, and make it less difficult to drive on complex surfaces.
Tank 500 is located in a completely new class of "tird hard man suv," breaking the old market ceiling and creating a new experience for users of high-quality tidal waves, and raising the value of support brands. At the same time, during the exhibition, the tank's first global experience centre was officially opened, with a direct camping pattern. In the future, tanks will be at the centre of the experience and will be located on the country's 1-3-line city.
The city speeds up the layout and speeds up the break-up of overseas markets and rapidly raises the level of tank sales.
Wey's brand latte dht opens up a pre-sale, mocha/Machidophev, and a car-dreamed car show with a high-end market that mixes up speed. Wey sent latte dht for $16.28 to $18.28 million, with lemon dht mixed system, a combined renewal of 1,000 km, 100 km of fuel at 4.9l. The new owner hits the car's cabin for luxuries.
A 14.6 inch medium-controlled LCD screen and 9.2 inch LCD gauges and heads are displayed, and on a powered master-held hangar, one step forward to optimize the stability and manipulation of the cabin. On power, the total power of the latte dht system is 175kw, the maximum twist 530n m, and the 100cs accelerates 7.5s.
In addition, on November 18, 2021, Machidophev and Mocanoh's intelligent pilot page and a brand-new sedan were shown. The Mocanoh intelligent pilot page was sold for $22.38 million, and the power-driven plug-in hybrid power system with a 2.0t engine plus an electric motor lasted more than 150 km, with a 100 km accelerator 5s;
On the other hand, it supports four-screen interactives, online entertainment, panoramic ar-hud, i-intellectual facial recognition, etc., which will be officially delivered to the overseas market in 2022. Since then, the three types of car that wey brands have carried with the lemon mix dht have been published sequentially over the hev/phev different fuel types, and the sale price has been raised overall compared to the old vv5/vvv6/vv7
On the basis of this, high-intelligent + economic + comfort is the bright spot for cars, further consolidating the medium-to-high-end market brand image. Car collars, wey brands of cars, dream-blowing, creating a co-founder scheme for users, consumer participation in product definition rings, and increasing market acceptance of products.
Figure 8: Appearance of Mochaphav. Figure 7: A dream look.
The system is upgraded. 1) Lighting cat production is bright, and the Wall itself is expected to produce 2022q2. The shape of the car continues the model of the Shanghai Car show and is designed to be round; it is designed like a running car, with an open window and a scooter, tops, and enhances luxury and motion. 2) Ballet cats are bright and the Wall itself is expected to be officially marketed in 2022q2.
Retrotechnic styles, similar to the retro-looking designs of the population ' s crustaceans and the combination of fully liquid crystal meters/middle-controlled double screens, combined with a technology module style that benefits the lightning cat and attracts more female consumer audiences. 3) Punk cat-based distributions, with overall improvement in quality, process, etc., based on the original concept vehicle, have a beautiful sense of technology coupled with an archaeology.
Figure 10: Eura Ballet Cat Appearance Fig 9: Eura Flash Cat Appearance
In 2022, the Ora brand will be re-energizing its product year, with a brand-new "C" new product based on ballet cats, lightning cats, punk cats, a continuous upswing in the product system and a growing volume of sales.
Hafer brands with Hafers, Haverh6s, Haffers, Hafs, Hafs, Hafs, Hafs, Hafs, Hags, Hags, Hags, and Hafs, with the theme “China Hafs, the tides, the world,” adheres to the principles of product innovation, user supremacy, build the first household brand in the industry, and launch a hot car model like m6pus, big dogs, and Haf's first love, based on the original single blast h6.
In terms of brand structure, Hover uses the one-carried model of one-size-fits-all companies to achieve efficient connectivity with users and accelerates the transition to user enterprises. In the marketing area, Hover brands will open up a two-way, off-line, and build a private-public + private-area flow pool, moving from traditional funnel marketing to a hiccup.
Picard series: the global premiere of the Golden Steel + Super-Runn Pickle concept vehicle, the series of cannons is moving towards re-innovation in the form of recreational, fashion-based commercials. The Great Wall Picah series officially publishes a global product map to achieve the full range of artillery products.
In addition, China’s first super-run leather truck, which has been launched in sync with the global naming of the world, continues to be upgraded.
The Great Wall cannons are officially pre-saled for $270-290,000. Figure 13: China ' s first super-run pickup concept vehicle 4. Profit forecasting and investment proposal
Keeping in mind the rise of autonomous brands, especially the new cycle of the Wall's cars, we should keep the Wall up. We should keep it up 82/47/33. The new product cycle continues to go up, with the basics showing the leading industry, the Great Wall's preferred vehicle, and the epidemic is moving faster than expected. If the new world crown is under control, it will have an impact on the global economy.
The recovery in demand in the passenger-car sector is less than expected. A recovery in demand in the passenger-car sector is an important industry factor for improved corporate performance and, if it is lower than expected, will make sales of corporate brands more difficult and have an impact on profitability.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board