The cost of the Great Wall car affected short-term performance, and the 2022 cycle of new products continued.
In the area of smartness, companies publish the Café Driving Strategy 331, which is planned to be an intelligent driver for three years; in the area of new energy, the company’s pure electric black cats and good cats continue to heat up and mix up.
q3 sales recorded a decline in revenue growth and costs affected short-term performance. In the first three quarters of 2021, companies sold 8.84 million vehicles (+30.0 per cent) to earn 90.8 billion (+46.1 per cent) and won the industry significantly. Despite negative effects such as higher prices for raw materials, the company ' s overall Māori rate increased slightly by 0.1 pct. The cost was due to increased exchange rate earnings; four cost rates of 9.7 per cent, a 0.5 pct decline in the same year.
21q3 car sales, 266,000 vehicles (-7.1 per cent), product structure improvements, revenue growth, 10.1 per cent, raw material equivalent increases leading to a decline in the Māori ratio by 1.7 pct ring, higher costs for sales, administration, etc., equity incentives, an increase of 0.7 pct for four rates, and the Division plans to introduce 60 new models and enter a segmented market, such as high-end electric vehicles and cars, before development.
Despite adverse factors such as a chip shortage, 884,000 vehicles (+30.0%) were sold in the first three quarters of 2021, of which 266,000 (-71%) were sold in q3 and the average vehicle price increased by 18.0% over the same period, resulting in short-term net profits on bicycles affected by increases in raw materials prices and equity incentives.
High competitiveness, with a significant increase in the Māori ratio compared to the original pattern, is expected to boost corporate sales in order to achieve a full-scale pattern of electricization and intelligence and long-term development. With respect to electricization, the company has a full-scale layout in the areas of pure electric power, mixing, hydrogen energy, and a continuous pattern of pure electric products such as Eura black cats, good cats, etc.
In terms of intelligence, at the end of 2020, the company proposed a “331 Strategy” for the Café Deliberate Driver, which is expected to take three years to become an intelligent driver: to achieve user size, with a market price of 29 October 2021 as the standard, first, to experience the first, and to cover the first three. Intelligentization and electrodynamicization are the way forward in the automobile industry, with the company's overall layout and progressing well, with long-term growth in sight.
(b) Shortages or increases in the supply of spare parts, such as chips.
Great Wall Car: Exchange Trapped q3 Performance, Watching the Week of New Goods and Future Layouts 20201026 Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
Qualified for portfolio investment consulting operations