The Great Wall Car (601633): Sales ring is better than sales, and it's better to watch new cars when the missing cores ease.
(b) The company is a globally known suv manufacturing firm, which accepts “five,854 per wey brand, 35.5 per cent; and 20,437 Grand Wall pickups, +0.2 per cent;
The concept of a business with an advanced company, Eura brands, 13,235 at 65.2 per cent, and tank brands, 9,,950.
In October, the company grew by 11.7%, and the impact of the industry's lack of core gradually subsided.
27,341 with 10,056 Huff Dogs, 8,172 Huff Loves at the beginning, 300 Tanks at the end of the next three to six months.
Debt payments and cross-equity presentations: a new car-rich corporate product matrix, which sustains a strong demand side. The company’s new cycle is now well under way.
Leigh, the first car to be listed on the market is the Suv Hafferh6s and the flagship Suvha, the Wey latte with the lemon 1.5dht mix and coffee smart, the giant suv tank 400, the tank 500, and the Ora Ballet cat, the Ora Flash cat, the Ora Punk cat, and so on.
We believe that the new model of the new platform has a stronger product power, that the end-consumers have a higher level of recognition of the new product, and that the problem of the production end chip has eased, that institutional change and technological innovation are building the firm’s long-term core competitiveness.
Enterprise positioning has shifted from a “car manufacturing enterprise” to a “user service operator” and the business model has shifted to a “product-plus software-plus” service, laying the foundation for its effective exploitation of market demand. The company now has a number of cores, such as lemon dht hybrid technology, hydrogen-symphonic technology, titanium batteries, 3.0t+9at/9hatp2 power generation.
Technology, with strong R & D capabilities, is expected to accelerate the capture of the new track in the future. Companies’ profitability projections and investment ratings: companies’ high end recognition of new models, steady growth of new cycles, and we believe that they are largely the result of changes in the corporate bottom structure and years of new energy, mixed technology accumulation.
Xing. Taking into account the impact of the missing core on the company ' s new vehicle sales, the forecast of profits for 2021 is projected to be the company ' s eastern source of wealth and wisdom, the Great Wall car (601633): the sales ring is constantly improving, looking at the missing core to ease the number of new cars.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Great Wall Cars (601633): The sales ring ratio continues to improve, looking at the number of new cars with missing cores, Lee Jinxan Nankai University, Master of Management, many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, and has been employed since 2009 at the National Information Centre, Wall Securities.
Zhang Xiao Yin, Master of Finance, University of Cyan Transport, 2019, joined East Hing Securities to study the auto industry, and the teacher's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.