The Great Wall Car (601633): The volume of the ring is better, and it's more innovative than the four cars.
In November, it sold 69,170 vehicles, i.e. 32.1 per cent; in November, it sold 6,286 vehicles, i.e., 6,286 vehicles, i.e., a globally known suv manufacturing company, with a “per -31.1 per cent; in the Great Wall, 20,810 items, i.e. - 8.0 per cent; in the Ora brand, 16,136.
The business concept of "a little progress" with an advanced corporate culture and management team, created a unique business and management model with the highest quality of business in the country's automobile industry.
The sales ring ratio has improved continuously, and the monthly sales of the four vehicles have increased by 9.3% in November, and the impact of the missing cores has been gradually reduced. Of the priority vehicles, Haffah sold 32,443 in November, Huff Dogs sold 10,345, Tank 300 sold 10,108, Euratom Cats sold 8,855 and Wey Mo.
In the next three to six months, the number of major items sold is 4,776, of which Huff Dogs, Tanks 300, Olysses and Weymoca are all at an all-time high in monthly delivery. In addition, company electricization has accelerated, with pure electric car sales in November.
Debt relief and cross-share presentations: New car-rich corporate product matrix, and support needs continue to thrive. The company’s new car cycle is now well under way, with new models on the market in November-December, including the Hover flagship suv-Hover, and the large-scale limousine cross-country.
Suv tanks 500, wey brands macchido dht-phev and latte dht, will be on the market next year. New models will include wey mokaphev, Eura Ballet, Eura Flash and Eurapeake.
Institutional change and technological innovation build companies’ long-term core competitiveness.
Enterprise positioning has shifted from a “car manufacturing enterprise” to a “user service operator” and the business model has shifted to a “product-plus software-plus” service, laying the foundation for its effective exploitation of market demand. The company now has a number of cores, such as lemon dht hybrid technology, hydrogen-symphonic technology, titanium batteries, 3.0t+9at/9hatp2 power generation.
Technology, with strong R & D capabilities, is expected to accelerate the capture of the new track in the future. Companies’ profitability projections and investment ratings: companies’ high end recognition of new models, steady growth of new cycles, and we believe that they are largely the result of changes in the corporate bottom structure and years of new energy, mixed technology accumulation.
The Great Wall Car (601633): The volume ring continues to improve, the four car-type monthly sales are very innovative, the East is a source of wealth and wisdom.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Great Wall car (601633): the volume ring is improving continuously, with four cars with a high monthly sales innovation.
Li Jinxing Master of Management, Nankai University, many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, worked at the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, Zhang Xiao Yin, 2009-present
A Bachelor of Arts from the University of Xi'an, Master of Finance from the University of Makantan, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 to conduct research in the automobile industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.