Great Wall Cars (601633): The Great Wall Cars were sold in September compared to the Great Wall Cars in September, as compared to 15.1 per cent in the previous year, and the Haver brands sold 54,561 vehicles in September, as compared to -31.0 per cent in the same month;
The company is a globally renowned suv manufacturing firm with an advanced enterprise based on the concept of “four,662 per wey brand sales, 48.4 per cent per year; 20,008 per cent of the Great Wall pickups, 12.6 per cent per year; and a little bit of progress in the sky”.
Aurera brands sold 12,770, or 92.9 per cent, and tanks sold 8,021, while industry culture and management teams created a unique business and management model with the highest quality in the country ' s automobile industry
In September, the sales ring was positive and the impact of the missing core was gradually reduced. The company's sales ring grew by 34.7% in September, and the impact of the missing core was mitigated. Of the priority vehicle types, Haffah had 25,409 sales in 69, Huff had 10,055 dog sales, tanks had 300 sales of 8,021 and Orah had 5,085 cat sales, of which Tan.
Key issues for the next three to six months: Q300 and Olympus have been at an all-time high in monthly sales after their reduced capacity. In addition, the company's overseas market sales are expected to reveal three-quarters of the report.
The volume was excellent, with 11,437 in September, 97,946 in January-September, and third quarter debt and cross-equity presentations: overseas sales amounted to 13.6 per cent.
The new car-rich company's product matrix continues to grow in demand. The company's new car cycle is now well under way, and will be on the market in the form of the Hover flagship suv-hafer, lemon dht mix and curry, the smart wey latte of morphine, the large-scale suv tank 400, the tank 500, and the Ora.
Ballet cats, Euratom cats, Eurapeak cats, etc. will further enrich the corporate product matrix. We believe that the new models that the new platform has with it have a stronger product power, that the end-user has a better sense of the company ' s new product, and that the sales will grow as the production of the chip problem eases.
Institutional change and technological innovation build companies’ long-term core competitiveness. Companies have changed their bottom structure, moving from a “car manufacturing enterprise” to a “user services operator” and a business model to a “product-plus software-service” that provides the basis for their effective exploitation of market demand.
With a strong R & D capacity, the company’s profit predictions and investment ratings: the company’s new vehicle model has high end recognition and overseas market demand.
We believe that the company’s new car cycle has been steadily moving forward, thanks to changes in the structure of the company’s bottom structure and years of new energy and hybrid technology. The company’s expected net return profits in 2021-2023 are the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, respectively.
The Great Wall Car (601633): Improved sales in September, the new cycle of cars continues to advance, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wealth, the source of Eastern wisdom.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports the Great Wall Car (601633): the sales of volume rings improved in September, and the new cycle continues to move on, Lee Jin-jin.
Master ' s degree in management, multi-year experience in automobiles and spare parts, University of Nankai, employed from 2009 to date in the National Information Centre, Great Wall Securities, Zhang Yi Yung, Bachelor of Arts in Finance, University of Xiyang, and in 2019 in East Hing Securities, in the automobile industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.