Wall car (601633): Equity incentive fee to influence performance, brand premium under the new platform, Wall car
Billions of dollars, 46.1 per cent more than the same year; net profit returns of $4.95 billion, 91.1 per cent more than the same year; third quarter, companies are globally known suv manufacturing enterprises, with advanced firms in line with the concept of “a little progress every day”
The industry culture and management team has created a unique business and management model, with the highest quality of business in the country’s automobile industry.
The company ' s 21q3 crop, which is still growing at the same rate in the context of missing core impact production, is, we believe, largely as a result of the company ' s optimized product structure and the combination of several factors, such as the Huff Dogs, the Tank 300, the Weymoka, and the company ' s new vehicles during the period: (1) the rise in raw materials; (2) the company ' s new cars.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: 5.0 per cent decline in the sales ring ratio, and the reduced scale effect increases the fixed cost of vehicle share; (3) optimizes the structure of the company ' s output: (4) due recovery of the dealer ' s return due to the impact of a missing core. Cost side: 21q3
Since the second half of last year, the corporate product matrix has been rejuvenated, and a number of new platform models have been launched, including the release of Hapheus 6s in the third quarter of this year.
Third generation Huffh6supreme+, Eurasian cat gtmulan, WeyMachido, etc.. With core technology, corporate brand premiums have been raised, and, according to the Wall ' s public information, corporate average institutional change and technological innovation have built companies ' long-term core competitiveness.
Enterprise positioning has shifted from a “car manufacturing enterprise” to a “user service operator” and the business model has shifted to a “production stock/distribution share (million shares) of goods and software plus services”, which provides the basis for its effective exploitation of market demand. The company now owns lemon dht.
In the critical period of industrial change, the company was transformed and will be transformed earlier.
In the long run, the Great Wall cars, which have accumulated core technology, are expected to accelerate the development of the new track. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: we look at the far-reaching effects of the changes in the bottom structure of the company, and we see the potential for a change in the structure of the company.
Long-term core competitiveness of technology-building. The company is expected to return to its mother-to-child profits in 2021-2023, respectively. The Great Wall Car (601633): Equity incentive costs affect performance, and brand premium capacity under the new platform increases.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Great Wall Motors (601633): Equity incentive costs affect performance, brand premium capability under the new platform is enhanced by Li Jinjin Nankai University Master of Management, multi-year research experience in automobiles and spare parts, and has been employed in the National Information Centre, Wall Securities, in 2009 to date.
Zhang Xiao Yin, Master of Finance, University of Cyan Transport, 2019, joined East Hing Securities to study the auto industry, and the teacher's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.