Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) company published sales data for November 2021, and company achieved sales of 122510 in November.
In November, the company's sales scale continued to climb, limited to partial chip supply problems, and the overall output is currently not fully released. In the split, the sales of part of the company's heavy-weight vehicle have continued to rise.
Olysses sold 8855 in November, a 12.9 per cent increase in ring sales and a further 40246 in January-November; tanks delivered the first million in November and 1,0108 in November, resulting in a cumulative delivery of 72,630 in January-November to drive the corporate sales structure.
Corporate prices have continued to improve compared to the trend of 300 deep. Tank 500 officially opened for pre-sale, with more than 27,000 valid orders. We expect company sales to continue to rise as the impact of the chip continues to subside in December.
The Great Wall cars have been active in promoting corporate change since the beginning of organizational change, with technology, marketing, and product upgrading on a full scale. In the second half of 2021, the company continued to market a large number of heavy-pound products, and wey brands.
Face upgrades, high-end intelligent positioning of motorcades, machitos, lattes, etc., while companies will have multiple Wey brands on the market in the next few years and, in terms of class, will complete company shortboards in the areas of cars, mpv, etc.
So, now that products like 400/500/7000/800 have become more visible, the product class has expanded. The Orah brands are predominantly female, the product class has broken upwards, and the scooter cat, the rectangular ponk cat and the suv cat show up.
New vehicles are being delivered at a slower pace than expected; new energy operations have not developed the same risks as expected.
The new cycle of cars continues with the increase in the single-car profit ring: The new energy and automobile research group of the Huaan securities industry: the new electricity and automobile industry. Soong Weigen: five years of experience in the automobile industry, a Master's degree from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. The research area covers passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, and new energy vehicles and traditional vehicles.
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, without any guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information or of any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.