The chip perturbation is slowing down, and the price of the bicycles has been rising steadily on the three main platforms.
Our analysis and judgment of the volume of corporate products have increased, pushing income growth in the first three quarters, lowering capital costs, and performing well. The company is doing well, with the adverse effects of future negatives such as chip shortages, and stronger products growing in volume, showing good performance.
(i) Increases in product volumes to boost company revenues and slowdowns in sales of q3 adversely affected by chip shortages. According to the company ' s sales Express, the company completed the sale of 88.4 million vehicles in the previous three quarters, an increase of 22.22 per cent over the same period. Eurola brand sales increased by 254.33 per cent over the same period by 254.33 per cent over the same period.
The main driving force of the growth in corporate sales is the release of two brands of main products. The company achieved a full sale of 26,580,000 vehicles in the trimester of 03, a decrease of 6.92% in the same season, mainly due to adverse factors such as chip shortages.
12.50%, dominated by three major technology platforms, corporate product strength and value increases, and cross-fertilization channels Marketing innovations that drive corporate product volumes up. (ii) The Māori rate has risen steadily and costs have stabilized after excluding equity incentive costs.
The strategy and the effectiveness of the new energy and smart development strategy have shown that the product structure has been further optimized, that the ratio of high-value to high-value products has increased, that the efficiency of cost-control over costs has improved, and that the scale of the increase in overall sales has increased in both profitability and sales.
Investment proposals: The company is the leading domestic auto ownership brand, with significant advantages in suv and pickup market segmenting. The company based on a new technology platform, Huff Dog version 2.0t, Eura Flash Cat, Eura cherry cat, tank 700, tank 800, and so on. New platforms, new technology plus.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has been in the past.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Joined the Investment Research Department of the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018.