Short-term pressure on performance, with the growth expected to pick up in the second half of the year
The net profit of the company is 630 million yuan, a decrease of 20.0 per cent from the year to year. Business income growth is robust and the net profit of the mother is short-term burdened. 2021h1: 1) In terms of revenue at the end of the business cycle, the company ' s operating income is 18.3 per cent higher than that of the year.
Computer panels generated income of $5.19 billion, an increase of 42.3 per cent, or about 43.4 per cent, compared to the same year) (a decrease of 20.0 per cent in the net profit of the company at the profit end; a rate of 18.8 per cent of the company ' s Māori, a direct impact on profits and increased competition in downstream markets, resulting in pressure on profits at the cost end of the company.)
Sales costs were 1.2 per cent, down 0.8 pp from the same year; management costs were 4.9 per cent, up 0.2 pp from the same year; and investment projects continued to be advanced by increasing research and development and investment in new technologies.
In the first half of 2021, the company invested $760 million in research and development, representing 6.4 per cent of operating income. As of 2021h1, the Shenzhen II Project is now fully operational and the second phase is accelerating construction;
The high-grade hdi production of circuit boards by MIELCO Ltd. has been largely operational by the end of 2020: the Xiaoan 1 conversion and upgrading plan has been successfully advanced, the Xiaoan 3 campus has been officially built; in addition, the company's flexible board production line in Taiwan has now begun to be built, and the Indian park is expected to be built.
In the second half of 2021, production will begin, with a warmer and more profitable company capacity after the e-consumption season, and the expansion of the company's capacity is expected to provide a new growth space for the company, given that the company is located in a leading industry in the world.
We're giving companies a price premium, we're giving them a 2021 26-fold pe valuation, and we're at the top of a global pcb industry, and we're moving towards high-end production.
Design, research and development, manufacturing and marketing, and the provision of a full range of pcb products and services to clients. To date, companies have developed their products into three main categories by industry: communications, consumer electronics and computers, auto electronics and industrial controls, and products have been widely applied to smartphones, wearing equipment, laptops, servers, auto electronics, etc.
According to Prismark, the company’s four-year-long association with the world’s largest pcb producer, from 2018 to 2021. Figure 1: Corporate business layout
Mainly used for mobile phones, routers and swaps, mainly for tablet computers, for wearable devices, for use in solar light systems, for steam.
All kinds of printed circuit boards on communications products, such as machines, games and smart home devices, and car navigation systems, car-borne audio and entertainment systems.
Modern consumer life, entertainment and electronic cars like auto charger systems.
Downstream products assembly panels, antenna panels, camera panels, production products including optical measures, vibrations.
Products in the field of industrial control are mainly those such as industrial lcm panels and fingerprint recognition panels, etc.
Computer panels, etc., the clients of the service are mainly industrial panel-designed firms.
In 2013, the company became China’s first-largest and second-largest-ever pcb company. After integrating all the pcb operations of its parent company in 2017, the company successfully entered the market in 2018 and became the world’s largest pcb company.
Figure 2: The company’s main development course, a combination of production and science, further boosts research and development capabilities, with products gradually moving up the ladder. The company has continued to collaborate in research and development with the world’s leading institutions of higher learning, including Qinghua University, Beijing University, Nakayama University, Harbin Industrial University, etc.
The company has now obtained more than 700 patents, both domestically and internationally. With its strong technology research and development capabilities, the company has been able to expand its research and development capabilities for products such as fpc, hdi, rpcb, and slp.
The company’s printed circuit boards are shifting to small, light, high-end products, and the value-added of its products is increasing, thanks to technological advantages. Corporate equity is concentrated, and there is continuous convergence with the first major shareholder in the depth of the industrial chain.
The first shareholders in the stock supply are the world’s leading manufacturing industry, the company’s deep-seated synergies in the industrial chain, and the major clients’ resources continue to be imported into the company’s business chain. They are supplying components to clients such as Motorola, Nokia, Apple and so on, thus contributing to the rapid growth of corporate performance.
The company’s main business consists mainly of telecommunications boards, consumer electronics and computer panels. In 2020, the company’s revenue from communications boards was $21.21 billion, an increase of 6.6 per cent, a gain of $1 billion, a growth rate of 4.7 per cent, and continued to grow steadily, with 56.6 per cent of the revenue from the business; and consumer electronics and computing.
In the last two years, companies have grown faster in electronics and computer panels, mainly as a result of the emergence of a remote economy and the start of production of new products, and further restructuring of the company’s product structure, tablet computers, laptops, etc.
The growth in product output has been faster. In terms of Māori structure, in 2020, Māori was 19.1% for corporate communications boards, contributing Māori to R$40 billion and Māori to 63.8%; Māori for consumer electronics and computer boards was higher at 26.6% and Māori for business.
The profit amounted to $970 million and the Māori share amounted to 43.2 per cent; the consumption of electronics and computer panels amounted to 24.5 per cent, a decline of 3.0 pp from the previous year; the business contributed $1.27 billion and the Māori share amounted to 56.5 per cent, exceeding the Māori contribution of communication boards, which became a short-term low-yielding and cost-end control effect. 1) In terms of profit margins: in 2020, the company ' s Māori ratio was higher than the company ' s share.
It is the higher prices of upstream raw materials that have a direct impact on profits, and the increased competition in downstream markets has also led to a downward trend in profits.) Cost side: in 2020, the cost of company sales was 1.5 per cent, an increase of 0.1 pp from the same year; management cost was 3.8 per cent, a decrease of 27.1 per cent from the same year, and is expected to rise gradually in the future, mainly as a result of the short-term impact of higher prices of raw materials.)
Assumption 1: about 3/5 of the products in the company ' s telecommunications business apply to the iPhone. 2021q3.a Client plans to roll out iPhone 13. An increase in demand is expected to drive the company ' s downstream orders. We assume that the company ' s communications use of the board ' s production capacity continues to increase, and the volume of the business orders is expected to accelerate their recovery in the second half of 2021 and drive the entire year ' s orders.
Assumption 2: As appliance, vr/ar, intelligent home, etc., Aiot products develop, consumer electronics move further in the direction of small, short, tall, fast, fine and smart. The company ' s fpc products can give a good fit to the small demand for affordable electronics. The company ' s consumer electronic panels are used mainly for iwatch, airpods, vr eyes.
With the rapid growth in the volume of these aiot products, the demand for fpc is expected to accelerate. We expect that the share of corporate revenue from consumer electronics and computer panels will continue to rise over the next three years, and that it will rise to the assumption in 2023 that, as the level of corporate automation increases, we expect the company’s Māori ratio to rise.
We've selected three major comparable companies: East Hill, Deep South, and Cengwang Electronic. In 2020, III, we expect that in 2021-2023, the company's pss would be $1.57, 1.84 and 2.08, respectively, and that the next three years would be warmer and more profitable, and that the expansion of the company's productive capacity was expected to provide a new growth space for the company, given that it was expected that it would be able to grow in the next three years.
The company's position is at the top of the world's industry, and we give it a margin of value premium of 26 times per cent in 2021, table 2: the risk of higher prices of raw materials being valued by comparable companies; increased risk from competition in the market; slower than expected expansion of production capacity; and less than expected demand for 3c.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.