Peace Bank (000001.sz): Decrease in profits, narrow harvests, improvement in the quality of retail assets Incident: August 22, Peace Bank published the semi-annual 2025 report. 1h25 was collected and returned to the mother.
In 2016, the Bank of Peace began a full-scale transfer of 69,390 million and 2,487 million dollars, corresponding to 10 per cent, 3.9 per cent (1q25:-13.1 per cent, -5.6 per cent).
Merchant banks are two-way. Integrated finance is the company's niche, based on a large personal customer base, strong brand influence, extensive distribution networks, and a complete mix.
Together with the financial product system, it boosts the overall retail transformation and the marginal improvement of non-interest-earning incomes to push the crop down. 1h25 Peace Bank has generated 69.39 billion dollars in revenue, providing powerful nuclear power to the leading intelligent retail banks.
8.5 pct; non-interest income as a share of revenue of 35.9 per cent, on the one hand, thanks to the second-quarter boom in the debt market, which is a loss, management fees and fees, which are equal to +12.8 per cent, agent insurance, agent finance, agent fund income, respectively, and public loans and bond investment, which drive positive growth in total assets and continue to optimize the loan structure. As at the end of June, the loan structure was optimized.
The total assets of the bank, loans of the same year + 2.1 per cent, - 0.1 per cent, are below the average shares bank (total assets of the same year + 5.0 per cent, loans of the same year + 3.6 per cent); bond investments of the same year + 9.2 per cent, contributing to the main increase in total assets.
Two-year peace banks have deepened the restructuring of their retail operations, continued to depress historically high-risk products, increased the ratio of low- and medium-risk loans such as mortgages, licensed mortgages, and increased self-employment and wind control capacity.
During the first half of the year, public loans were directed mainly to social services, science and technology, manufacturing, etc.; loans to public real estate fell by 154 billion, down to 6.7 per cent of total loans; the cost of indebtedness continued to improve and the net income gap narrowed. As a result of the accelerated decline in the cost of debt, interest rates have fallen since the beginning of the year.
The difference is narrow by the same season. The single-season interest gap of the 2q25 Peace Bank is 1.76 per cent, with the ring falling by 7bp and 15bp by the same year. The interest-bearing debt ratio dropped by 10bp and 46bp by the same year. The interest-bearing interest rate is 1.64 per cent for the first half of the year, a decrease of 5bp and a decrease of 16bp over 24 years.
From a breakdown of loans: (1) retail: risk pressure reduced, bad rate 1.27%, ring q1 drops, Eastern financial resource booms 5bp has declined for four consecutive quarters.
Among them, the rate of poor lending to public real estate is higher in science, technology, culture, health, construction, wholesale and retail than at the end of the 24-year period.
With the cost of indebtedness improving, the net difference has gradually narrowed. The marginality of retail lending has improved, and the effect of strategic transformation has become apparent.
Source of financial and intellectual growth in the East: Figure 2: A single-quarter, pop, net profit per year, Figure 1: A safe bank, pop, net profit per year.
Figure 3: 1q25, 1h25 performance split by Peace Bank, Figure 4 Loans by Peace Bank, interest-bearing assets, deposit-on-year acceleration, Figure 5 Net interest difference by Peace Bank
Figure 6: Non-performing bank lending rate, interest rate in loan rate, Figure 7: Safe bank coverage, loan allocation ratio
Table 1: Indicators related to the management of the wealth of the Bank of Peace, the source of the financial prosperity of the East, the source of the financial intelligence of the East.
Peace Bank (000001.sz): A narrow decline in profits and an improvement in the quality of retail goods - semi-annual review in 2025, the source of financial prosperity in the East, Lin.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the Bank of Peace (000001.sz): the decline in profits, the improvement in the quality of retail assets - the semi-annual review of 2025 - does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained in it. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.