Performance fundamentals continue to be repaired, and the undesirable turning point is visible.
Safe Banks (equity code: 000001) collects a narrow two-quarter budget. The cost of corporate interest differentials benefits and liabilities is optimized, a single-season revenue improvement supports performance repairs, and cost-income ratios are more or less stable through digital transformation.
On the one hand, interest-bearing assets are yielding between 42 bp and 3.55% at the beginning of the year, and on the other hand, as a result of lower market interest rates, re-priced prices, and proactive optimization of the customer base.
By contrast, companies have strengthened their management of high-interest deposits and promoted the growth of low-cost deposits, with the cost of interest-paying liabilities falling significantly between 35bp and 1.79% compared to the beginning of the year, with the firm holding costs - 37bp.
At the end of June, loans increased from +1% at the beginning of the year to +4.7% at the beginning of the year, and the company actively promoted its strategy of investing in public assets, offering four new basic industries and a smaller share of the same period last year.
Mortgage loans were achieved at the beginning of the year +6.2 per cent at the end of the liability, with deposits at the beginning of the year + 4.6 per cent, enterprises, personal deposits, opportunities for the transformation of the insurance business to upgrade the wealth management business, retail aum at the beginning of the year +0.9 per cent, and wealth management workers earned a similar +12.8 per cent, with agency personal insurance income equal to +46.1 per cent of the company's other non-interests.
On the public side, the risk rate is higher than at the beginning of the year +13 bp. On the retail side, the ability of clients to repay their payments has been restored in the last six months, while companies continue to optimize their client base structure and access, pushing in high-quality assets and increasing their disposal, the balance of non-performing loans, and the proportion of them.
At the beginning of the year - 2.33%, -12bp. At the same time, companies indicate that retail retailing has created a turning point, with adverse risk holding investment proposals: companies insist on strong retailing, on-the-job, on-job strategies, and on strategic transformations that are effective.
Figure 1: Safe bank revenue, net profit and speed increase
Figure 4: Peace bank net interest spreads and negative returns/cost rates, Figure 5: Size and acceleration of bank loans, Figure 6: Size and rate of increase of bank loans to public and retail banks
Figure 7: Loan structure of the Peace Bank, Figure 9: Size and acceleration of deposits in the Peace Bank, Figure 10: Structure of deposits in the Peace Bank
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been forthcoming in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.