The performance is robust and multi-industry development reflects an advantage: on October 27, 2023, the 3rd Quarterly Report was released by the Chinese god, the 3rd Quarter of 2023, the GmbH (601088).
Coal plate: a small increase in sales prices and an increase in costs led to a fall in profits \triangleright 242 million tons of coal production in the first three quarters of 2023, an increase of 2.8 per cent over the same period, and sales of coal
332.5 million tons, an increase of 7.5 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of an increase of 24.7 per cent in the volume of coal purchased from abroad, which represents a 2.1 per cent decrease in the annual price of 505 yuan per ton in the previous three quarters from the sales price;
At the end of the cost, a 7.3 per cent decrease was observed in the first three quarters, when the cost of home-grown coal was 191 yuan per ton, an increase of 11.9 per cent over the previous three quarters, mainly due to increases in material costs, such as the increase in open-air mining (+7.7 per cent), social insurance contributions, higher employee remuneration and labour cost increases (+29.0 per cent).
In the last three quarters, the total operating income of the coal plate was 2001.35 million yuan, or 0.2 per cent more than in the previous three quarters; the total profit was 4,442.2 billion yuan, or 20.3 per cent less than in the previous three quarters.
In the first three quarters of 2023, the company achieved a total of 15,623 million kilowatt-hours of electricity generation, an increase of 9.7 per cent in the same year, a total of 1,468.3 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity sold, an increase of 9.8 per cent in the same year, and an increase in the amount of electricity generated and sold.
By the end of the first three quarters, the installed capacity was 40518 megawatts, with an increase of 217 megawatts from the additional photovoltaic capacity. Coal-fired power and the increase in the price of the power generated by it reached 68,049 million yuan, representing an increase of 9.2 per cent in the business income of the plate; and the total profit realized was 9,665 million.
Dollars, 28.9 per cent increase in the same year; Māori rate, 2.3 pct. Transport and Coalification plates: higher cost increases result in lower profits for business plates \triangleright \triangleright
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Ltd. achieved a 4 per cent increase in the business income of the company's railway branch in the first three quarters of 2023, but due to operating costs
Building No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of the city of Beijing increased by 13.98 per cent on a year-on-year basis, resulting in a decrease of 8.9 per cent in total profits; a small increase of 4.4 per cent in operating income of the port branch, resulting in a decrease of 1.7 per cent in total profits on a year-on-year basis due to cost increases; and a reduction in profits of the shipping branch due to the fact that
Average maritime transport prices fell by 21.6 per cent and total profits fell by 79 per cent; and industrial divisions fell by 7 per cent and total profits fell by 91.7 per cent as a result of lower average sales prices for polyolefin products.
\triangleright announced plans to acquire fully owned geese mining and Hang Jin energy from the National Energy Group, including geese mines in south geese and open-air mines on the Zani River, with a capacity of 10.7 million tonnes per year, up to 2022.
Two coal mines had a capacity of 410 million tons, and about 8.7 million tons of commercial coal were completed in the same year; the Hang Jin energy plant, with 10 million tons of capacity in construction, had 920 million tons in 2022. With the infusion of assets and the gradual commissioning of mines under construction, the company's coal business is expected to yield production.
In addition, there are three prospecting rights in the geese mining industry (post-Imin East, Imin East, Imin East, second well, and the eastern edge of the Imin River), which are expected to serve as a backup for sustainable development of the company’s medium- and long-term coal plate.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We believe that along with the marginal improvement in demand as a result of the stimulus policy, coal \triangleright carbon prices are expected to remain medium-high; while electricity consumption continues to increase throughout the society and corporate electricity prices continue to rise
The upward trend is expected to continue, supporting a steady increase in profitability. The HIC ratio and the integrated transport industry provide a higher degree of certainty about business performance, adding high cash, high dividends, and a higher future investment value. We expect the company to achieve a net return profit in 2023-2025.
\triangleright Uncertainty in the policies of the coal and electricity-related industries; accident of safe production in coal mines, etc.
Member of the Board of Experts of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation, member of the China Price Association's Commission on Coal Prices and former Deputy Director of the Advisory Division of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired) for more than a decade, engaged in research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and conducted research and research on the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey Development, revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advice on hundreds of topics, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2016.
From 2019 to the present, he is responsible for research on large energy panels. Li Chunzi, cfa, a member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, Nanjing University of Finance, and formerly researched large energy plates such as the Economics of Securities and Gas.
He was a doctor in mining at the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and a senior engineer, former Minister of Investment and Operations of the Second Sub-Society of the China Coal Industry Group. He worked for many years in coal mining, in technology management for coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations. He joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 and worked in the coal industry.
Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States of America, with three years of experience in industrial research, in electricity marketing reform, in vanity, applied research in proposed power plants, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, in electricity industry research, Xinxuan, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, in coal.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, July 2022, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre for research in the coal sector Lee-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for research in the coal sector Tang Ji-yu, Master of Social Science, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics, April 2023.
Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal sector, which is directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The report is made available only to specific customers, not to the public.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only observations and judgements as at the date of the initial issuance of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Inconsistent studies, no special notice may be given on the credit securities.