The value of the current node's core investment value analysis, the car's commercial vehicle, the investment value of the Wootton bus is based on the growth of new energy sources overseas, the recovery of domestic demand and long-term higher dividends.
Utunbus is the country's leading guest (about 38% of the country's top guest share in 2021), and retrace: During the rapid penetration of less than 10% to about 60% of the country's new energy sources in 2014-2017, Wootong achieved profit (from 2.6 billion to up to $4 billion) and market value (from about 20 billion to the highest).
Export volume gains three times; 2) domestic bus renewal cycle, recovery of road passenger vehicle disease; 3) domestic supply gradually cleared up and the Māori rate improved after Woo-Tong preferred market; also taking into account the company's long-term high score Overseas: new energy for passenger vehicles started with a high penetration rate. According to 01ca, 2022 overseas
There are about 200,000 large- and medium-sized passenger sales (estimated to be about 250,000) and the overall penetration rate of new energy sources is relatively low (estimated to be less than 10%), compared to the country’s higher penetration space. There are now more countries and regions abroad (Europe, Middle East, Latin America, etc.) planning for new passenger vehicles.
The goal of the source transition, with further catalytic additions to the “one-way” route, is expected to continue to provide the opportunity for incremental orders for the export of our passenger vehicles (22,000 vehicles from China in 2022, compared with 24 per cent). Wootong: to create an innovative model of “technology plus services exports” that captures the new energy development window period overseas.
Our new energy vehicle leads the world (9.6 billion dollars, or 45 per cent of automobile exports, in a quarter, and 26 per cent of the total number of passengers exported annually), upgrading from “manufacturing and marketing” to “manufacturing services and solutions”; and 3 Wootung's overseas deployment from Asia, Latin America, Africa, etc., to the bus industry, Europe, Europe, etc.
Regional expansion to promote industrial value chains at the mid-to-high end is expected to benefit fully from the expansion of new energy sources abroad. The Wootong bus (600066.sh) – a single-car truck collection that continues to grow, with net profits of one quarter equal to domestic: demand recovery, supply clean-up.
" Wootongbuses (600066.sh) - Overseas sales continue to be on track, with a single four-quarter bus renewal cycle and road (tourist) bus disease recovering, and domestic bus demand is expected to return gradually to " Wootongbuses (600066.sh)" with a 123% increase in production in February, 800 Uz.
Utongbus (600066.sh) - Quarterly Review: Quarterly Review: Quantified Profitability of Singles, Risk Control + Quest Market Improved Mäori in the context of Lists, expected to keep domestic business profitable.
Profit forecasting and valuation: growth and cyclical resonance, maintenance of the "buy-in" rating, taking into account the accelerated upswing of new energy passenger vehicles overseas and the warming of domestic demand, upward profit forecasting, forecast, core view: the value of Wootong bus investment lies in overseas growth
In 1997, the bus was listed as the leader of the country's large and medium-sized bus (the country's mid-sized passenger market in 2022).
With 28%, or 38% of the city in 2021, the stock price trend is roughly “triple downs and downs”:  the first ups and downs between 2004 and 2007, as China's macroeconomic development and capital investment have increased its sales volume, adding up to the peak of the cattle market in 2007, followed mainly by the fall.
The stock market fell and fell in 2008. • After 2008, the Woo-tung bus entered its second “start” in nine years, experiencing a four trillion stimulus to the rapid growth of the passenger industry, and new energy developments in the domestic bus from 2014 onwards, 2018
As the new energy subsidies continued to fall, the bus industry was under pressure, Woo-tung's performance continued to decline, Woo-tung's share price went to the second “fall” and nearly cut off from the height to the pre-2014 share price level. After 2019, the industry gradually explored the bottom, and the bus industry's pessimism was expected to continue to release, Woo-tung is here.
Stage sales and performance are relatively stable; after 2020, the epidemic continues to affect mobility demand, inhibits the release of domestic mid-point orders, and the domestic competitive environment deteriorates, causing the net profit of Woo-tung to continue to decline (the ratio of the parent ' s net profit in 2020 to 73 per cent).
At the beginning of 2023, the Wootong bus opened its third round, benefiting from the recovery in domestic seating passenger vehicle demand following the epidemic, as well as the gradual release of new energy passenger vehicle requirements from overseas (low penetration) and the multi-dimensional advantages of the Wootong new energy bus in terms of production, technology and services, during the current wave of new energy passenger vehicle demand from overseas.
It is hoped that the dividends of industrial growth will be fully realized. Figure 2: Mid-sized bus sales (vehicles) and city-to-city sales in Woo-toon exports for 15-22 years. Figure 3: Medium-to-move (vehicles) and export-to-market sales in Woo-toon exports for 15-22 years.
The new energy-generation rate of buses in the context of the 2014 - 2017 and the redisk is from less than 20 per cent to almost 100 per cent, and Woo-tung ' s net profit is raised from 1.8 billion in 2013 to 4 billion in 2016, from around 20 billion to a maximum market value of nearly 60 billion yuan; by splits,
During the first year of market awareness of the new energyization of domestic public transport, the period of realization of Utong ' s performance at the beginning of the cycle, Utun ' s share price was the most efficient + the most significant increase (mid-14-15 years) and its market value rose from 20 billion to accelerated, and in the context of subsidies, the unit price and profits of new energy buses were higher than those of fuel buses and industry.
Lizigian”; 2) Woo-tung: The country’s leader (about 35% of the country’s share) gradually sharpens its brand power by relying on the accumulation of products, technologies and services over the years.
The bus industry: one new energy penetration up overseas: estimates of around 200,000 passengers abroad in 2022 (estimated steady-state sales of around 250,000), rough estimates of a total new energy penetration rate of less than 10 per cent, relatively significant upward penetration space, and a larger number of countries and regions abroad planning to transition to new energy buses.
2 Domestic demand cyclical recovery: over 22 years, we have sold 63,000 buses in the middle of the country, and it is expected that domestic demand will recover gradually as the public transport and road passenger vehicle recovery + renewal cycle is catalyzed. 1 China’s new energy vehicle leads the world, with a well-developed supply chain system plus mature product technology plus solid controls
The advantages of this capability, among others, are the global leader of the passenger-car industry, which has been exporting for almost 20 years (about 26 per cent of the country's exports in 22 years), moving from a manufacturing-plus-marketing enterprise to a manufacturing-service-plus solution, trying to capture new energy development gaps within and outside the country and to obtain orders and integrate competitiveness.
It continues to rise; the external layout of the market is gradually extending from Asia, Latin America, Africa, etc., to well-developed areas of bus industry such as Europe, focusing on and driving industrial value chains towards the middle and upper ends, and becoming a pioneer for our country’s buses.
Yutong has a high historical score of $10 per 10 shares to all shareholders in 2022. Woo's annual bonus programme, “Five dollars per 10 shares (including taxes),” was announced to the company in May 22, 2022, and as of May 8, 23, it had not been completed.
Overseas markets: there's plenty of room for passenger-car exports, new energy generation is expected to kick-start a new climate cycle abroad Overseas: more than 1.5 times the potential for global upgrading, and new energy needs are expected to be released on a sustainable basis.
• Overall bus market: our estimate of overseas market space for the main export bus type (large and medium passenger vehicle) is that pre-epidemiological global production of large and medium passenger vehicles is around 280,000 vehicles per year, global passenger holdings are about 2.91 million, and the global potential market capacity of the Chinese-based market is about 8.1 million.
China’s passenger markets are expected to account for about 10 per cent of the foreign market in 2023. A breakdown of the market shows that China’s main export regions – Africa, South America, Asia and the Pacific, South America, Europe (mainly new energy sources) – are currently in the region.
With regard to new energy buses, we estimate roughly about 10,000 new energy buses sold abroad in 2022 and about 200,000 in 22 years, or less than 10% of the new energy penetration of overseas buses.
In the subregion, the penetration rate of new energy buses in Europe is relatively high (over 4,000 new, medium-sized and medium-sized buses sold in 2022, corresponding to a penetration rate of about 10-20 per cent), while in Latin America, new energy buses are also in a steady growth process (less than 10 per cent of new energy buses are projected in 2022), with a build-up followed by the Middle East,
In South-East Asia and elsewhere, we expect that the demand for new energy buses abroad will continue to rise. (A detailed estimate of the total passenger space is given below: due to the lack of harmonization of standards for the classification of the passenger-car industry in different countries, far-reaching passenger-car sales statistics in the overseas market are for large- and medium-sized buses (heavybus), taking into account that Yutong is a large and medium-sized passenger.
Before the outbreak, China produced about 140,000 buses in 2019, and China produced less than 9 in 2022.
Ten thousand, based on the 10-year lifetime of passenger vehicles, a rough calculation of China’s total passenger holdings of about 1.45 million, taking into account that China’s passenger market is almost saturated, while China accounts for about 18% of the world’s population, which is estimated to be about 8.1 million. According to the Chinese Associative Association and the 0ica data, 2022 was the world’s largest.
In addition, we have measured global production of large and medium passenger vehicles and Chinese exports in recent years, as well as an increase in global production of large and medium passenger vehicles, with an estimated 2.91 million retained vehicles and 179% of lift space from the industrial ceiling.
2.3 million vehicles) but the combined rate of growth in 2020-2022 (=26%) is still higher than the global rate of growth in high- and medium-sized passenger production (=7%), and we believe that China’s passenger vehicle exports in 2023-2025 are expected to continue at a consistently higher rate than the industry as a whole.
The share of exports of large and medium passenger vehicles has increased, from 21,000 in 2015 to 22,000 in 2022, with an annual average compound growth rate of 1 per cent (the main middle affected by the epidemic). In terms of the total number of passenger vehicles (large and medium), the export volume of our new energy passenger vehicles in 22 years was 7565 (6797 of which were exported purely electric, as compared with the same number).
+15%, 768 in plug-in blended exports, compared with 95% in the previous year, which is higher than the increase in individual passenger vehicle market exports, with the highest increase in pure electric passenger vehicle exports, which became the highlight of the 2022 passenger vehicle export market. The main areas of export of Chinese passenger vehicles are currently South America (Ecuador, Venezuela, Bolivia), Asia (Viet Nam).
South, Myanmar, etc.), Africa (Sudan, etc.), Latin America (with more new energy buses; Colombia, Mexico, Chile) and the European region (mainly new energy buses), we have been able to measure the export capacity of each of the export markets separately: the African market has the greatest growth potential, with every 10,000 passenger cars.
0.22 per 10,000, far less than 10.25 per 10,000 in the Chinese market: South America has 6.40 per 10,000 passenger vehicles, with 60 per cent of the growth space compared to the mature market in China; Asia and the Pacific (except China) has 2.63 per 10,000 passenger vehicles, with 290 per 1,000 still having growth space compared to China, and Asia in the future.
The main drivers of growth are from neighbouring developing countries, such as South Asia, South-East Asia, and the Middle East. In the long run, the global bus market has great potential for growth (+179%) and is expected to add up to the current owners of our passenger-car business as a result of a policy-driven recovery of demand along the way, and the electric transformation of passenger vehicles in the advanced countries of Europe and the United States.
There are still more empty markets to concentrate on less developed regions, such as Africa, where growth in overseas markets can be sustained. The current state, space, and pattern of some of the overseas bus markets are in Europe: over 4,000 electric buses sold in 22 years, and new sources of energy are running around the world.
The European Environmental Code drives new energy penetration of passenger vehicles. The 2015 European Policy Regulation (EU Decision) requires that 80% of the buses that exist by 2025 be replaced by clean energy buses (cng, mix, pure electricity, fuel batteries, etc.), and more EU member states are increasingly implementing diesel-operated vehicles to be replaced by new energy vehicles.
For example, France’s stif (the Paris Transport Commission) aims to replace all of the more than 9,000 buses available in the Paris area with pure electric and natural gas new vehicles in the coming years. According to Chatroucements, in 2022, 10,000 vehicles (27,000 in 2021), of which 13,000 were registered in 2022, compared to 10.8 per cent in 2022.
By type, the sales of electric buses in Europe as a whole have been equal to +26 per cent in 22 years, and the motor penetration of urban buses is about 30 per cent. According to Chatroumssoltions, the main European regions (31 countries) sold 9543 alternative fuel buses in 2022, of which 4152 were newly registered pure electric buses.
In 2022, electric vehicles accounted for about 30% of registrations in the European region as a whole (about 22% in 21), and the penetration rate continued to rise, mainly in the 27 countries of the European Union and in the United Kingdom, Iceland, Norway and Switzerland.
By country, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Denmark and other countries have taken the lead in the new energyization of buses, accounting for more than 50 per cent of the city ' s share of electric buses. In 2022, the British electricity city sold 685 buses, with 16.5 per cent, 134,000 buses per year, 151,000 buses per year in 2021, and we assume that the European city used buses in 2023.
The sales level was the same as in 2021, while electric penetration increased to 40%, and the demand for electric buses in Europe in 2023 is expected to reach about 6,000, or +45.5%. As the source of the world’s passenger industry, China’s bus is playing a role in the green transformation of public transport in Europe.
In terms of competition patterns, Woo-tung was ranked first in 479 registrations in 2022 (year-on-year +58%), and in 2022, its European electric bus city was 11.5%, the same year +2.3pt, and Woo-tung was the leader of China's Grand-Congress bus since 2018.
Access to the European market, thanks to its accumulation of products, services, solutions and technologies, has accumulated over 2,200 passenger-cargo vehicles, covering a number of European countries, including Poland, Denmark, the United Kingdom, France, Finland, Norway, the United Kingdom, Italy, Spain, Portugal, the Netherlands, Bulgaria and Iceland.
2) Byd-adl ranks second, with 465 registrations in 2022 (the same year + 24%), working with the UK ' s largest local bus company, adl (starting in 2015), Biadi provides chassis, three electric technology support, adl customizes, structures and models according to local market needs, and assistance with channel resources, both of which are available
Over 1,000 electric buses were previously produced, representing a 50-70 per cent rate in the United Kingdom. 3) Mercedes achieved 405 registrations in 2022 (the same year + 21 per cent) and 9.8 per cent in 2022 in the European city 4) and 347 in 2022 in the Ivico bus, compared with 26 per cent in 2022 and 8.4 per cent in the European city in 2022.
5) vdl, after several years of adjustment, registered 344 in 2022, i.e. +93 per cent. - Latin America: the number of electric buses continues to grow. Latin America now has 4133 electric buses in operation, accounting for 4.7 per cent of the total number of buses.
Radar data show that, as of February 2023, there were 4133 mobile buses in operation in Latin America, compared with 2022 + 11 per cent (3716 in 2022 and 2480 in 2021). In Latin America, the pattern of operation of electric buses varied from other regions: vehicle fleet providers provided funds and held, maintained and maintained units.
R, provide operators or municipalities with electric motorcades under contract to “dismantling” ownership and operating rights, thereby increasing efficiency. From a different perspective: First echelon by country: (1) Chile operates 1,223 vehicles, as a percentage of the total public transport.
12.8 per cent, of which 1,180 vehicles, or 15.9 per cent, are being transported in Santiago, in the city; (2) Gorons, or 16.5 per cent, where the development of electricity in the  city is largely supported by the Government and the introduction of overseas vehicles; and second-tiers: (3) Brazilians, 376 vehicles, or 1.9 per cent; (4)
Mexico has 606 vehicles, or 3.5%. According to Tumie-Busmission, some of the priority cities in Brazil and Mexico have set short- and long-term targets for the deployment of electric buses, such as the planned delivery of at least 2,600 electric buses in 24 years in San Paulo, Brazil, and full electricization in 38 years.
(Note: The above figures represent the proportion of the total number of electric buses in operation, but given possible deviations in platform statistics, the data are only available) Figure 9: Short-term planning for electric buses in Brazil, Mexico and Colombia
Figure 10: Long-term planning of electric buses in Brazil, Mexico and Colombia Figure 11: Current status and pattern of operation of electric buses in Latin America (car)
One electric passenger vehicle was on the move (by early 2200, Biadi had over 1550 pure electric bus orders in Colombia), with over 400 in Chile, leading the way; 2) Woo-tung: actively working with the local strategic, all-round, multi-dimensional approach to exploring new models of vehicle operations.
A contract for the supply of 100 electric buses to Chile was awarded, and the first high-speed bus line in Mexico City, Mexico, was officially launched in September 22nd, with an untrailed train provided by the Utun passenger vehicle. As of October 22nd, the Mexico City Electric Transport Service had 301 new energy vehicles, which could be used for Mexico every year.
Some 102 million people travel around the city; 3) Fukuda: Fukuda received 215 electric passenger bus orders in Chile in 19; 138 orders in 21; a contract worth $1.6 billion was signed in May 2222 to provide 1,022 electric buses for the San Diego public transport system, which currently totals over 600 vehicles.
(b) From the distribution structure, the total number of electric buses in operation in Latin America as a whole in 2022 was 3716, and by year end + 11 per cent, of which 3086 were electric buses and 1,047 were unorbited; in terms of volume,
In 2022, the increase over 2021 was 1,236 (521 in 2021), of which 1,089 were tweaks and 147 were untrailed, and given the need for replacement, we have a rough estimate of the sale of the new energy bus in Latin America for 22 years, around 1500-2000, with Governments to follow in the future.
Continued procurement of electric buses, with Latin America ' s demand for electric buses expected to continue. Figure 13: Number of electric buses in Latin America (one) Figure 14: Annual increase in electric buses in Latin America (one)
Australia: New energy penetration is relatively low. According to australiabus &coach data, 1,132 Australian buses and buses were delivered in 2022, with an overall holdings of about 100,000 and relatively low penetration of new energy sources, along with the Government ' s new energy passenger vehicles.
The associated support initiatives are on the ground, and demand for new energy buses is expected to grow. By supplier pattern, the Volvo delivery was 284 throughout the year in 2022, followed by Scandinavia, with 204 deliveries and Woo-toon buses at 170 delivery points in 2022.
Third highest; Victoria recorded 304 deliveries in 2022; West Australia 281, New South Wales 233, and Queensland 214; electrically speaking, Australia’s bus and long-distance bus have low electrodynamic penetration overall.
The data show that there are about 200 electric vehicles with a penetration rate of 0.2% of Australia ' s 100,000 passenger vehicles as a whole. A number of states are currently accelerating the procurement of new energy buses: New South Wales recently ordered 101 electric buses, Victoria has 41 electric buses, Queensland committed.
With 18 vehicles in operation this year, it is expected that the Australian bus will continue to move faster as the government's procurement targets move forward.
In recent years, Woo-Tung has been moving from manufacturing-type to manufacturing-service-based solutions.
Conversion. Woo-tung's original “Cuban model” for Chinese manufacturing exports became a model for China's auto industry to move from product to technology: the Cuban model opened up overseas expansion. Woo-tung's overseas expansion started from Cuba.
At the end of 2004, Cuba decided to invest more than a billion dollars in improving internal traffic and addressing the problems of inadequate transport capacity and urban traffic.
In order to gain access to the Cuban market, Woo-tung has taken the initiative to travel abroad, and has made a number of surveys and targeted research and development efforts to ensure that products conform to the road conditions, regulations, and operating links of the target market.
In Cuba, the weather is very hot, and the technology for vehicle preservation is very demanding. To that end, Woo-hung has deployed a large number of highly qualified technicians, who have visited Cuba several times and joined with their clients to conduct targeted technical improvements in products that have been sold to the Cuban market.
During April and September 2005, Yu-Tung exported 400 and 630 passenger vehicles to Cuba, followed by 1,000 orders for the export of Iranian vehicles, with a cumulative export value of over $100 million over the year.
The Cuban model’s success lies in the construction of good after-sales channels and networks. As export orders grow, Utsong has become the first bus company to export ckd bulk.
The Woo-tung bus has created an innovative marketing model abroad, turning the order into a market. In short, it provides products, accessories, services, and comprehensive guarantees for the needs of different households, markets, and promotes core business growth through non-nuclear heart satisfaction. In expanding the Cuban market, Woo-tung not only sends technicians.
A service station, equipped with mobile service vehicles, is ready to carry out repairs for malfunctioning vehicles, which currently contain more than 10,000 buses on the Cuban market and cover a number of areas such as urban buses, long-distance passenger buses, labour cars, school buses, tourist cars, etc., which account for more than 90 per cent of the Cuban import market.
During the opening of the field, Woo-tung insisted on a “one-size-fits-all” market strategy, thereby driving the surrounding market. The expansion of overseas operations continued in 2022, and the technology-plus-service export model proceeded well.
Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Mexico, Chile, Singapore, Australia, among others, accounted for about 26 per cent of the country’s exports. By the end of 2022, Wootong had accumulated more than 87,000 passenger vehicles for export, and new energy buses formed bulk sales in more than 20 countries or regions in the Middle East, Latin America, South-East Asia, Europe, etc., and picked up 2022
Europe’s pure electric passenger vehicle sales champion, covering 115 countries along the “one-way” route, became the only new energy passenger vehicle provider or the largest new energy passenger vehicle provider in several countries, including Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Uzbekistan, Poland. Companies moved from “manufacture-to-market” to “manufacturing-service-to-solution” firms.
In 2022, he witnessed the inauguration of the world's largest electric bus station in Lucerle and was authorized to manage maintenance services. Work was carried out through the Internationalization Support Team, which was responsible for the pdi inspection of electric vehicles, day-to-day maintenance, trouble diagnosis, technical guidance, long-range support, etc., and was managed throughout the life cycle in Kazakhstan, Pakistan.
More than a dozen countries and regions, such as Stan, Egypt, Malaysia and others, have been working together locally through the kd assembly process....It is now moving from product exports to the “technology-out” innovative business model. By the end of the year, Utun Europe sold 479 electric buses, compared to 58%, with market ownership from 9.2% in 2021.
In the early industrial start of the European market, China’s passenger-car business was more difficult, and Woo-toon’s overseas team took the lead in the area of public transport by developing a comprehensive plan to expand from northern Europe to the regions of Western Europe, Southern Europe, Central Europe, Middle East, etc., focusing on environmental awareness and economics in Iceland, Denmark, Norway, Finland, etc.
Countries with strong, low-carbon demand. The right strategy + high-quality products + well-developed services to help U-Tung achieve a continuous breakthrough in Europe, with more countries choosing U-Tong for the first time by large-scale introduction of a pure electric passenger vehicle. In 2017, Woo-tung’s bus delivered 40 pure electric inter-city passenger vehicles to French customers, becoming the largest supplier of pure inter-city cars in the country.
In July 2019, Woo-tung again delivered 10 Eice12 electric intercity vehicles to French clients, creating the first European line of operation for a purely electric intercity bus. On the European market, Woo-tung ' s new energy bus has accumulated more than 2,200 vehicles, covering Poland, Denmark, France, Finland, Norway, the United Kingdom, Italy, Spain, Portugal, the Netherlands, the Netherlands, the Netherlands, the Netherlands, the Netherlands, the Netherlands, the Netherlands and the Netherlands.
Export growth can be expected in 2023 in a “one-way” context for a dozen countries, including Bulgaria, Iceland, Lithuania, and Luxembourg. Looking forward to 23 years, as the global economy recovers and demand improves, and major competitions and exhibitions are held on schedule, it is expected that demand in the bus industry will resume on a sustained basis.
Sexual growth, coupled with the growing recognition of new energy buses, and the continuous catalyzing of the “one-way” (68 per cent of regional sales in one-way region) and the rising demand for new energy sources in overseas markets, is influenced by environmental requirements, international image enhancement and advances in new energy technologies and growing economics.
Competitiveness analysis: the creation of core barriers in the product + technology + services export model, the rapid transformation of the low-carbon concept of the industrial chains of China ' s new energy passenger and passenger vehicles, which brings more confidence in the implementation of energy restructuring and energy security strategies in countries; the operationalization of Utility buses, which are both performance- and value-effective.
Continue to improve the profitability of clients and achieve greater “economic, social, and cost-effective” convergence through more end-to-end operations. Wootong 1) Targeting the frontier of the global bus value chain, creating a “new energy core technology, customised product service strategy, new energy source package solution” to move from a product provider to a service provider with a full-scale solution, all of which will be added
At the end of the market, Yutung’s overseas layout is also gradually extending from Asia, Latin America, Africa, etc., to well-developed areas of the bus industry such as Europe, focusing on and promoting industrial value chains to the middle and upper ends.
The complete product chain of the product series is used mainly in the segmented markets of road passenger, tourist passenger, bus, group commuters, school buses, viewing vehicles, airport ferries, passenger vehicles, etc. The product is broken down by length (5 metres < 7 metres), medium (7 metres < 10 metres < length) and light (5 metres > 10 metres) by industry.
In 2022, the company sold 11,755 buses (39%) and 11,978 medium buses (which account for the full layout of the company’s products). With regard to the new energy bus, it completed a full-scale 8-10 metre pure electricity bus.
Upgraded and fully new microcycled pure public transport 6 m, 7 m, 8.5 m and 12 m low-entry public transport products are rapidly marketed, full coverage is achieved and integrated power-drive bridge products are landed and the public transport product layout is further optimized; for school buses, light-quantified replacements of 5.3 m, 8.7 m and 9.3 m school buses are completed;
In the case of vehicles, complete upgrades and layouts of high-, medium- and economic-type products have been completed and covered in three main types of markets: travel across the country; trailers have completed full surface upgrades of 5-6m on-line and 6-11m on-site; in the case of overseas products, new products, such as 6-7 m microcycles, 7.7 m road and 12 m bus, have been completed
The new package of energy products for overseas products has been placed on the market; traditional products have completed the iterative development of new products such as 8-12 metres of public transport, 9.4 metres of roads and 12 metres of roads, and have basically covered the new series of platform products overseas.
The company has developed its first pure electric passenger vehicle and has taken the lead in the development of forward-looking technologies, such as smart, electric, hydrogen fuels. In 2022, the company sold 12,414 (about 41%) of the new energy passenger vehicles, mainly three types of pure electric, plug-in and fuel cells, which are now dominated by pure electric power (95% in 2022).
Interpling electricity has declined from year to year, and fuel cell vehicles have become new growth points.  Up-end product upgrades: t7 high-end commercial vehicles have completed the development of new gasoline stock, with the launch of the Stars version, the Stars version of the original plant for retrofitting; u12 and u13 high-end bus products have been rolled out overseas, completing the u series
The rice pure electricity tourism product, which completes the development of high-end tourism pure electricity products; the airport ferry, which has completed the marketing of second-generation pure electricity products, has been largely well-developed, and the competitiveness of high-end products and their ability to achieve high-end realizations have been enhanced. The company’s premium and branding capabilities have been further enhanced through the layout of high-end products.
• Continuous deployment of the Smart Network: Automated Driving Products has been operating safely for four years, with demonstration operations in Chengzhou, Guangzhou, Nanjing, Shao Shing, Chongqing, Bo Chi, Hyezhou, etc., covering urban public transport, landscape parks, commutes, airport ferryes, etc.
More than 250,000 passengers are waiting, and UTN is in the commercialization demonstration phase. Figure 23: Utunt7 astrologers of excellence. Strength two: a sustained focus on research and development to build technological excellence.
On the technical side, the company follows the trend of low carbonization, electric motorization, smart network connectivity, high end, light-quantified development, leading the technology-protecting river around safety, energy conservation, comfort, environmental protection, etc. Actively playing a leading corporate role, working with the depth of the industrial chain. Companies complete high safety long-lived battery systems, batteries, etc.
Model integrated technology, integrated integration dcdc, multi-unit domain controller, integrated heat management system, double-source low-temperature heat pump, integrated power drive bridge, electrically controlled hydraulic power transition, integrated electrical and electrical structure, smart Auxiliary Driver i-deon, multifunctional auto-residence system, collision mitigation control system, 5g network terminal 2.0,
The development and application of technologies such as smart energy management, smart inspection, smart area speed control, school bus intelligence against oblivion, etc., enhances product competitiveness across the board and consolidates the leading edge of new energy and smart network technologies.
In 22 years, Utun spent $1.69 billion, or 7.8 per cent, on R & D, at a higher level in the same industry, with the main thrust being: (1) research and industrialization of smart network connections and autopilot critical technologies; (2) research and development of multi-site fuel cell technologies and "3 generation" technologies; (3) upgrade of high-end commercial vehicle products; (4) all-new airport ferry and u series high-end
In the 5g era, bus intelligence is growing, and business models are expected to expand. In the context of the 5g network, intelligent transport infrastructure development, new opportunities for bus development are offered.
Woo-tung publishes `Sao Woo 2.0', which is an industry-wide first-time support to autopilot buses operated by security guards, which can be driven automatically in the light of weather, rain, fog, etc., and different road conditions, and a first-time employment support level 4 auto-drive microcycles in the non-security battalion, which can meet the needs of many applications, such as parks, landscapes, public transports, airports, etc.
The Xiaowoo series has been operating in Wootong Industrial Park, Hainan Bojong, Chengzhou Intelligent Island, Finance Island, etc. - Strength three: perfect service systems are becoming more competitive; bus users have different core demands at all stages of the product's life cycle, such as the selection of steps.
(a) The delay in information and incomplete channels, cumbersome intermediates in the acquisition phase, low efficiency and poor quality of the post-sales phase, etc., Yutong has been promoting its own marketing model and service system on a client-centred basis, with an optimal upgrading of its own system of services: marketing phase: direct marketing (predominant) + distribution combined sales model in overseas markets, current overseas sales and sales;
The service network has achieved the global target market layout. It covers the CIS, the Middle East, Africa, Asia and the Pacific, the Americas, Europe, six regions through more than 60 subsidiaries, offices, distribution partners and direct sales teams, and in more than a dozen countries and regions, including Kazakhstan, Pakistan, Egypt, Malaysia, etc.
Through localization of the kd assembly, Innovative models of moving from product output to “technology output” are achieved. The trading phase: Woo-dong manages the hierarchy according to the type of customer, the nature of the business, the application landscape, and provides solutions to the financing needs of the enterprise's own business while meeting the requirements for vehicle procurement financing.
There are three different solutions: low-cost demand, long-cycle demand, and self-financing needs.
By the end of 22, companies had more than 260 licensed service stations or service companies in overseas markets, and more than 330 authorized service networks covering all target markets overseas.
In Colombia, Mexico, Panama, Australia, the United Arab Emirates, Qatar, France, etc., regional hubs of accessories have been established and nearly 80 accessories dealers have been authorized to provide fast and efficient supplies to end-users.
Supported by a local service station, work is being done on customer needs identification, technical training, vehicle problem resolution, etc., in order to ensure the good operation of barrier products.
Impairment capacity to jointly provide timely spare parts security and comprehensive high-quality services to overseas clients. Figure 29: Business Town and news repair procedures for spare parts for public buses - Strength Four: One-stop solutions to enable technology to break through the market.
Wootong can provide a package of customized solutions to clients’ needs.
The Stan 800 project, known as Sun City, its capital, Tashkent, is extremely hot, dry, dusty and demanding for new energy vehicles. Wootong provides customized product resolution based on the core “3 power” technology.
Security technologies such as systems, equipped with electrical sand protection structures, electrostatic anti-creative structures, etc., to reduce failure, while ensuring cooling effects with strong power-powered air conditioning. Wootong has been turning from “manufacturing + marketing” to “manufacturing service + solutions” in recent years.
The “Wu-Tong model” of China's manufacturing exports has served as a model for China's automobile industry to move from product to technology, helping some countries to build local bus manufacturing capacity. Woo-tung's products have been sold in bulk to more than 40 countries and regions around the world, covering the Americas, Africa, Asia and the Pacific, the CIS, the Middle East, and Europe.
In more than a dozen countries and regions, including Kazakhstan, Pakistan, Egypt, and Malaysia, localized co-operation in the form of kd assembly has led the Chinese passenger-car industry to a global level by achieving an innovative model of moving from product to “technology-exporting” production. Meanwhile, China’s new energy driver is global.
There are many advantages to a good supply chain system, mature product design, and robust cost-control capabilities. Wootsong created an innovative model of “technology plus services exports” and tried to capture new energy development gaps within and outside the country to obtain orders.
Figure 32: The Wootong Car Networking System entered Denmark to create a new model of overseas services The country's basic system: the total stock of the domestic bus market is saturated State of the industry: the domestic bus market is in its golden age and the total amount of saturation is now available
The bus industry is a weak-cycle industry that is partly influenced by national policies. During the decade 2005-2014, there was a high rate of growth, mainly as a result of the State's “4 trillion investment in infrastructure under the stimulus policy” in 2008, with 43 per cent growth in new roads and 18 per cent growth in capacity to upgrade roads in China in 2009, and with improved roads and buses.
Demand was released centrally around 2010. After 2015, 440,000 vehicles were sold in China, a 3 per cent decrease from the previous year, and 16 per cent less than the peak of 528,000 vehicles in 2015. Utsong’s largest and medium-sized passenger industry performed better after 2015 than the bus industry as a whole, mainly politics.
The government has supported a rapid increase in the new energyization of the public transport stock in 2015-2017. Since 2018, as the share of new energy in the public transport stock has increased, and new energy subsidies continue to fall, sales in the medium-to-central sector have declined to pre-renewal (2014) levels, and in 2019, 134,000 vehicles (medium-to-medium gas) were sold in the country.
In 2020 - 2022, the epidemic affected the demand for travel, both within and outside the country, and the bus industry as a whole was under pressure. According to the China-China Air Association, there were 9.9, 87, 83,000 passenger sales in the country, compared to 26%, and the public transport market continued to penetrate and demand more rigidly; 2) the epidemic delayed the replacement of stocks and the need for renewal was urgent;
3) New energyization in overseas markets for exports; 4) the “double carbon” policy continues to advance and new energy in roads, groups, etc. New energy in passenger vehicles continues to grow.
Figure 34: Domestic sales and sales in the MCM sector, by size, 2005-2022: about 22% of the MCM industry. By industry criteria, passenger vehicle products are divided into light (5 m < length ~ 7 m), medium (7 m ~ 10 m), large (10 m) by length
< Length. According to the SAC data, the volume of bulk/centre/minor passenger sales increased annually in 2005-2019, the share of large and medium passenger vehicles in the industry increased in recent years, the share of light passenger sales in 2005-2019 was influenced by factors such as the control of the epidemic in about 70 per cent of the year, and the structure of bulk sales fluctuated to 2022 for young customers.
Up to 78 per cent, the ratio of passenger and middle passenger sales declined to 13 per cent, 9 per cent, and in 2022, the passenger-car industry was large and medium-sized, classified by use: the passenger-sitting car was shrinking, the bus-car ratio was rising significantly, and the passenger-car product was divided into passenger-sit, bus-bus, school-bus and other, by use, by industry-based criteria.
In view of the fact that the main market for the Woo-tung bus product is large and medium passenger vehicles, the following uses and market classifications are addressed to the large and medium passenger vehicle industry. According to China ' s bus statistics network, in 2015-2022, the share of large and medium buses in the country rose from 46.6% to 65.2%, and the share of large and medium passenger buses in the country rose from 46.6% to 65.2%.
47.4 per cent to 27.6 per cent of sales of large and medium-sized buses in the industry fell in 2016 to exceed the number of seats in large and medium-sized buses and showed a trend of poor scissors. The impact of the 2022 epidemic was a severe contraction in the need for residents to travel, a lack of purchasing power and willingness on the part of private companies, travel groups, etc., paying for buses and school buses.
The decline continued, with a small increase in the sales of buses, mainly paid by the Government. Figure 37: Distribution of large and medium-sized domestic customers by use, 2015
According to data from the China Bus Information Statistics Network (published in the Yutong Annual Bulletin), sales of large and medium-sized passenger vehicles in industry (domestic + export) dropped from 77,000 to 23,000 vehicles, with an average annual compound increase - 16 per cent;
Peak (110,000) with an average annual compound increase - 4 per cent; sales of large and medium school buses have dropped from 8760 to 35,548, and we have conducted longer-term dimensions analysis based on the data of the China-China Association, which classifies passenger vehicles as urban buses, long-distance buses, tourist buses, trams, etc., where urban buses and long-distance buses are the main force.
In 2005-2019, the number of large and medium-sized passenger vehicles in the country grew from 24,000 to 41,000, with an average annual compound growth rate of 4 per cent; in mid-sized and large-sized years, the epidemic significantly reduced the demand for travel, and sales of large and medium-sized passenger vehicles dropped from 25,000 to 20 million.
The year-by-year breakdown shows that large and medium-sized buses in the country have experienced a similar decline since 2013 (same as -13.9%), and that large and medium-sized urban buses have been growing rapidly in the 2015-2016 peak in the replacement of new energy for buses.
In 2016, 90,000 vehicles were sold, followed by three consecutive years of decline in the context of the fall of new energy subsidies and the shrinking space for bus replacements (4 per cent/-4 per cent/-12 per cent, respectively), a slowdown in government procurement in the context of the 2020 epidemic, an accelerated search for urban bus sales, a marked recovery trend in 2022 (+26 per cent, year-on-year), a long distance, a city in 2023
In the long run, there's room in the public transport market, and in the long run, high irons have a significant alternative to road buses.
In recent years, the share of large and medium-sized road passenger vehicles in total passenger vehicle sales has declined. The country’s railway network has been improving. After 2010, on the one hand, there has been a rapid increase in the construction of additional mileage by railways and a steady increase in coverage; on the other hand, there has been a boom in the return mileage by railways, which has resulted in a reduction in the time lag between the lines and the traffic by which they are delivered, and there has been an increase in the facilitation of rail travel.
In the context of the overall expansion of alternatives and the trend towards easier railways, the scope of the more market-oriented traditional road vehicle demand has been narrowed, demand has been reduced (with high irons rising as a percentage of railway passenger traffic, road passenger traffic entering declining routes from 2012), and the main remaining demand is in the future in the sub-district and sub-municipal levels of high-iron passenger transit and travel agency buses,
It can be seen that, as a result of the marketization of long-distance passenger traffic, the volume of road passenger traffic and long-distance passenger vehicles (large and medium) sales have generally shown a more consistent trend, with 2012 as the watershed, accompanied by a drop in road passenger traffic, and the first-ever decline in large- and medium-sized passenger vehicle sales since 2005, with a peak of 70,000 sales from 2012.
In summary, the relationship between high-speed passenger and road passenger transport replacements is significant, with the prospect of a warming of the market for large and medium long-distance passenger vehicles after the effects of the 2023 epidemic have dissipated, but the rapid rise of high-speed iron has had a significant negative impact on road passenger traffic and long-distance passenger vehicle sales (about 50,000 passenger passenger cars were sold in the pre-2019 outbreak, according to the Chinese network, in the first 2019 period of the epidemic).
After that, in 2022, about 23,000 buses were sold in large and medium seats, and in 2023, industrial needs were gradually warming, and we were far away, and the subway was slowly replaced, and the bus had a sense of survival, unlike the road bus, which had been added to recent years because of the rigidity of its civil engineering work.
The trend towards new energy replacements has continued to rise since 2014, exceeding seating buses in 2016, with 65% sales in 2022 becoming the most mainstream breakdown in the bus industry. We differ in our judgement of the post-bus city and market perceptions, as the market believes, just as road buses face the city.
Substituted by international railways (high irons, etc.), buses will face long-term replacements for intra-city orbital traffic (millery, light tracks, cloud tracks, etc.), and subsequent ratios and sales will continue to be low. We believe that public buses, given both supply and demand, are still necessary in the long term, and that the centre of sales is expected to remain stable in the long term.
(1) The increase in the size of the city is accompanied by an increase in the demand for cross-regional travel. The improvement of urban public transport by rail is accompanied by an increase in the length and coverage of the city's main lines, which were used to work in the centre of the city, and by an increase in the demand for housing in the peri-urban areas by people who do not have access to the subway.
2. Underground traffic is inherently fragmented, ground traffic is inherently continuous, and public transport is difficult to replace.
More than a dozen main roads can be covered by public transport, the average distance between public transport stations in urban areas is 100 metres, long-distance public transport lines will gradually become smaller and the connection will increase. 3) The cost of transportation remains indispensable.
Subsidized support, and construction costs of hundreds of millions per kilometer of subways, public transportation costs are 10 cents, and at the last stop of the extension of the bus, often within 10 passengers, the only way to build a train is to waste the cost.
If the development of public transport in the major cities of the country (Beijing, Shanghai) is reviewed, the initial period of the increase in inter-city rail traffic (merial expansion) will see a slight impact on the public transport market (the rapid growth of urban transport in Shanghai between 2002 and 2008, with a decrease in the number of public motor and electric vehicles operating) and an increase in rail traffic to a certain length of time.
By doing so, the overall operation of the public transport market will be stabilized (no further decline, taking into account the steady increase in public gas and tram operations since 2011 in Shanghai and the modest increase since 2008 in Beijing) and eventually maintained in a relatively stable single-point network length, i.e., urban public gas and the final steady-state sales of electric vehicles and cities.
In the case of the above-mentioned sea, the trend is largely one-by-one for subways and public transport, with the total number of passengers on the Shanghai urban track exceeding the total number of public cars and electric buses for the first time in 2014 (in thousands of cases).
Between 2002 and 2021, the overall volume of orbital traffic showed an upward trend (the impact of the epidemic declined slightly in 2020) and the total volume of public motor and electric transport (the accelerated trend in 2020 and a small recovery in 2021), as shown by the rise in urban orbital traffic to produce demand for public orthopaedic power and motor transport in Shanghai.
In terms of the number of operations, the number of battalions in which public gas and electric vehicles are transported has not fallen in response to the decline, but has remained largely stable since 2012. The number of orbital traffic operations in Shanghai has risen from 449 in 2003 to 7227 in 2021 over the period.
The length of the orbital traffic network has been raised from 109 to 831 km, the number of traffic operations per kilometre has been raised from 4.1 to a smooth state of operation per kilometre (a leap in 2010 or for statistical calibre changes, ignored as an anomaly), and the number of public vehicles per kilometre, electric vehicles, has remained essentially at 0.7 since 2010.
In Beijing, for example, in terms of demand, similar to Shanghai, the metro and bus traffic in Beijing have largely shown this trend, but the need to replace it has come a little later. The total number of urban orbital passengers in Beijing exceeded the total number of public vehicles and electric buses for the first time in 2016, compared to Shanghai (2014).
Later in the year, we believe that it is related to urban road planning in Beijing, and the age structure of the population. In 2002-2021, the overall number of on-orbit passengers in Beijing showed an upward trend year by year (accelerated since 2008, with a brief decline in the impact of the disease in 2020), while the total number of public motor and electric buses remained stable during the decade 2002-2012.
In terms of operational numbers, despite the decline in public bus and electric bus passenger transport requirements, the number of such operations has not fallen correctly, but has gradually risen from 15046 in 2002 to 23079 in 2021, during which time the number of public vehicles and electric vehicles per kilometre declined from 1.15 to 0.81 in the north.
The number of Kyoto orbital traffic operations increased from 617 in 2002 to 7098 in 2021, and the length of the Beijing orbital traffic network (2004-20021) increased from 114 to 783 km and the number of operations per kilometre was increased from 7.8 to 9.1.
In terms of operational numbers, the number of national orbital traffic operations rose from 983 in 2002 to kilometres in 2021 and from 4.4 to 6.6 per kilometre. At the same time, the number of national public vehicles and electric vehicles gradually increased from 245,000 in 2002 to 709,000 in 2021, and the number of public vehicles per kilometre increased from kilometre to kilometre.
The number of trains in operation fell from 0.77 in 2010 to 0.4 in 2021, showing that most cities in the country are still experiencing Beijing, early subway penetration in Shanghai (before 2010) and have not yet entered Beijing, Shanghai, Shanghai, Beijing, Shanghai, Beijing, China, Beijing, China, China, China, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, South Africa, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Asia, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, and
One vehicle/km with a network of 0.45 vehicles/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km/km, and based on data from the first-line cities of Beijing, Shanghai, and urban transport operations throughout the country, we draw the core view that: 1) orbital traffic development has somewhat reduced passenger traffic requirements for buses.
With regard to the demand for passenger traffic in cities since 2002 (tens of thousands), we find that, from 2002 to the present, the number of orbital traffic in Beijing and Shanghai has been on the rise and moving beyond public gas and electric vehicles, while the number of public motor and motor passenger traffic in these two major cities has been on the decline since approximately 2011/2012.
2) Orbital transport development has almost no impact on the number of units of mileage bus operations. In the 10 years since Beijing and Shanghai were mentioned, the number of units of mileage orbital transport operations in Beijing and Shanghai has continued to grow, while the number of units of public gas and electric vehicles has remained essentially unchanged.
The core point of view is that the core indicator for determining the number of buses in the country is not household demand, but supply-side rigidity under the unit mileage. Considering the supply side and the demand side, we believe that the long-term horizon of buses for civil engineering remains relatively stable.
Summary: In the long run, high iron-to-road passenger vehicle alternatives are significant, with the trend towards a full expansion of alternatives and rapidization of railways, a narrow range of more market-oriented traditional road vehicle requirements, a reduction in demand items (as a proportion of railway passenger traffic rises, road passenger traffic enters declining routes from 2012), and a major future retention requirement
(b) Slow replacement of the metro, which has a continuing interest in public transport. (c) Consideration of the increase in the size of the city, increasing the need for cross-district travel; (d) natural separation of underground traffic, natural continuity of ground traffic and difficulty in replacing the need for bus access; (c) cost-effectiveness.
Bus are still indispensable, by comparison. Bus for human engineering have some rigidity in supply, and traffic development has little impact on the unit mileage bus operation. Short-term trends: the epidemic is accelerating, and the bus industry is about to start a replacement cycle.
From 2005 to the present, the domestic market has been going through four stages of development: 3) from 2015 onwards, with the rapid development of new energy vehicles in our urban bus industry, the demand for diesel vehicles within the city has continued to increase significantly, creating huge market opportunities for the industry, and the new energy generation.
During the year, the rate of new energyization of buses continued to rise, from less than 20 per cent in 2015 to more than 60 per cent, supporting the public transport industry, but in the context of a shrinking number of passenger buses, the volume of passenger sales fell from 170,000 to 170,000 since 2020, and the epidemic repeatedly severely affected the demand for public transport and tourism markets, public finances and private transport.
The financial situation of companies and other companies has been weak, their capacity to pay has been reduced, local government procurement needs have been delayed, and the demand for road passenger transport has been reduced. The market for buses in the Middle and Middle East has accelerated, reaching 84,000 vehicles in 2022 in the industrial lowlands of nearly 10 years (the company announcement caliber).
Since 2015, the share of new energy sources in large and medium-sized buses in the country has reached 60%, with most of the new ones being buses. As the Blue Sky defense campaign continues, the large and medium passenger vehicles are at the heart of the new energy city traffic, and the new energy bus is at the heart of the new energy city traffic.
In the six-year development cycle since 2014, the vehicle has accumulated about 600,000 to 700,000 holdings, the bus life cycle has been 6-8 years, the 2021-2022 epidemic has repeatedly delayed the replacement of public transport stocks, and the demand for procurement has been gradually released after the epidemic has been extended, and we are aware that sales in the mid-to-central passenger market have resumed in the following year.
Seat passenger vehicles: expected to maintain a high growth in 2023; 15,000 vehicles sold in 2022 in large and medium seats in the country, i.e. -42 per cent in the same year. With macroeconomic effects, passenger and tourist bus sales declined significantly, by about 54 per cent in structure, and by about 10 percentage points in the same year;
The group commuter structure accounted for about 46 per cent of the traffic, was affected by the decline in passenger and tourist bus structures, with the group city structure increasing by about 10 percentage points in 2022 compared to the same year. As the domestic economy improves, demand for passenger buses is expected to rise significantly in 2023 compared to 2022, with varying levels of passenger transport, tourism, and group use of vehicles.
The annual industrial boom has laid the foundation, and the China Tourism Institute expects to host about 4.55 billion domestic tourists in 2023, an increase of about 80 per cent in the same year, a recovery of about 76 per cent in 2019, a return of about 4 trillion yuan in domestic tourism revenues, a rise of about 95 per cent in the same year, a return to about 71 per cent in 2019.
The number of cars sold in the country is expected to be close to 22,000 per year. In 21 the Utun seating market was 49.5 per cent, with an increase of 0.98 pct. Figure 58: Number of tourists in the country and their recovery
Figure 59: 2011-2023e Projections of our tourist population and domestic tourism revenues Bus: replacement demand-driven, with the country ' s power-loading infrastructure improving, electric buses are based on advantages in terms of environmental performance and energy conservation.
It will be the main national route (up to 90% of buses in 2019). Stimulated by the new energy purchase subsidy, the exit policy has led to an increase of 14.4% in the domestic volume of 41,710 buses in 2022, as government fiscal pressure subsides public transport investment; the new energy bus market is about to pick up a new one.
During the cycle of renewal, the urbanization of urban transport, the construction of public transport, and the public transport of rural passengers underpins urban demand; the double carbon target, the full-scale electricization pilot in the public domain, accelerates the transformation of traditional vehicles into new energy vehicles. In mid-year, there was a slight increase in domestic demand for medium-sized public transport, which is expected to reach 45,000 vehicles (about 8% in the same year) and will be sold in 2025.
The number is expected to reach 66,000, returning to pre-epidemiological levels (2019); in the long term, with the continuous increase in the holdings of public transport, according to the Ministry of Transport and the Department of Statistics, there were approximately 700,000 public transport operations in 2021, assuming a public transport renewal cycle of approximately 6-8 years, assuming 700,000 were regular,
Ideally, the annual replacement requirement would range from 8.8 to 11.7 million units (=70/6sim}70/8) (but this demand would be subject to government finances), and the share of new energy buses in bus holdings in the future would continue to rise.
Decrease by 1.36 pct. Figure 63: Domestic bus sales (one) and increase in speed: two times the potential space for growth in domestic bus holdings, 2015-2022
Owing to a combination of factors, such as the adjustment of the national education policy, in 2022, 3417 school buses were sold in the country, a decline of 38.8 per cent. As the economy improves, there will be a return to normal educational and pedagogical order in primary and secondary schools and kindergartens in all parts of the country. As the economy recovers, there will be a revival of demand in the car market.
Future market demand is expected to continue to grow at a relatively rapid pace; a series of school bus safety incidents in 2011 led to widespread government and social attention to school buses, and the introduction of the Schoolbus Safety Regulations in 2012, which stimulated the rapid rise of the market. After 2013, it faced problems of inefficient vehicle use and smooth market entry.
In 2020, the epidemic significantly reduced the demand for school buses, with 4865 buses sold in large and medium schools and a steady increase in the annual demand for school buses. Woo-tung's share of the market was 69%.
From 8760 to 5950, with an average compound growth rate of -6% per year. During the same period, Woo-Tung ' s sales of large and medium-sized school buses increased from 2917 to 4097 with an average compound increase of +6% per year, Woo-tung ' s sales lead industry was about 5-15 pct, the market share also increased from 33% to 69%, and the U-Ton passenger vehicle has been on the market for medium-sized school buses in recent years.
Figure 64: Markets and sales of large and medium-sized school buses, and sales of these vehicles, figure 65: Markets and sales of large and medium-sized school buses are equal to sales of the same amount.
There are 295,000 kindergartens and 1543 million primary schools, respectively; there are 48 million children in the country and 108 million in primary school. School buses in the market are currently about 5-10 metres long and number of seats in 19-56, assuming that the average number of school buses in the country is 35 seats per car, one in 10 children in the park and one in 10.
Students are equipped with school buses (or assuming an average of one school bus per kindergarten and primary school), the total domestic demand for school buses is approximately 440,000 (the annual steady-state sales are expected to reach 56,000). Total sales of large and medium school buses in the country from 2015 to 2021 amount to 48,000, taking into account the 15-year mandatory end-of-life cycle, which is currently projected to be nationwide.
There are no more than 100,000 buses, no more than 190,000 buses as a whole, and two times as much room for growth in the domestic market.
In 2016-2022, the number of domestic RVs increased from 3,348 to 11391, with an average annual growth rate of 23 per cent; of these, Type B light passenger and type C headscarf accounted for the vast majority of the market, with the total number of Type B+c RVs in the country in 2022.
In 2022, 1104 RVs were sold at a market rate of about 10%. China’s RV holdings grew rapidly to 2 million in 2021, still below US-O-Day levels.
In the late start, per capita RV holdings were lower, but the purchasing power and consumption perceptions of domestic consumers were changing, and demand for leisure and recreation was increasing, with the resulting increase in the RV market. According to rvia (American RV Association), ecf (European RV Association), caravanindustry (Australia), jrva (Japan RVA)
The data on RV holdings in 2021, and the corresponding population data at that time, show that US RVs have 406 per 10,000 inhabitants, 80 in Europe, and the population density in Japan is higher than in China, and there is still much room for improvement from US-Europe Day.
At the end of 2021, domestic RV holdings stood at about 280,000, and global RV holdings had reached about 20 million to 24 million. China is home to about one-fifth of the world’s population, but it has less than 2% of the world’s population.
The RV market is still at a relatively early stage. Domestic RV sales have been growing at an annual rate of nearly 30 per cent, compounding the stimulus policies put in place by governments. We believe that China ' s RV market will continue to grow at a rapid rate of over 30 per cent.
In Japan, domestic RV holdings are expected to reach 1.5 million. If the number of RVs in Japan stands at 11 per 10,000, Utun City will remain ahead of schedule, with 1104 RV sales in 2022 (-16 per cent, with 10 per cent), assuming a 10 per cent MDR level in the future, Utsung will be expected to have more than 10,000 DVs in potential sales space.
Summary: On the whole, based on industry data for 2015, industry data for pre-epidemiological data for 2019, and data for medium and large domestic passenger/bus/school buses for 2015-2022, we expect to meet the need for new and updated holdings for medium and large domestic passenger/buses in 2025
According to the first commercial vehicle, Yu, in 2022, was one of the largest majors in the country.
The number of buses is highest in 23% of the city, while the rate is 10% in the mid-town passenger market; in 2022, the figure for the mid-town passenger market was highest in 33% of the country, and the rate for the city of Kinlong, Suzhou, was 8%.
21.8 billion, top of the bus company, is 1.2 times the size of the Golden Dragon's car camp, 3.9 times the size of the Golden Cup car camp, 4.1 times the size of the Chinese passenger bus camp, 13 times the volume of the dawn car camp, and 14 times the volume of the Ancé bus and the Assam bus. 22 years, Yutun is home to $760 million, and other buses are home to 760 million.
In the division, all bus companies are in a state of loss, except for the gold cup car, which is 150 million, and the medium passenger bus, which is at 5.1% in 2022. Figure 70: Comparison of domestic bus company revenues (millions of dollars) between 2018 and 2022. Wootunroe is at the same level as the first line in the industry.
Net interest rate, 3.5% interest rate on the home-to-mother rate in 2022, and most of its competitors are in a state of loss. Reclamation: Business income increased by about 20% annually at an average annual compound rate for 28 years, starting in 2017, as the bus market entered saturation (the downside of corporate sales) and as new energy subsidies retreated.
The revenue from the sale of passenger cars also ended up growing in nearly 22 years after the end of the market, with revenue falling from a high of $33.2 billion in 2017 to $30.5 billion in 2019, but the overall decline was still smaller than the decline in sales (meaning that the average price of single cars was still rising). In 2022, the epidemic repeatedly affected the country ' s overall market demand.
The steep decline in tourism and passenger transport sub-markets and the further decline in corporate revenue to $21.8 billion (the decline is still smaller than the sales volume).
The new energy subsidy fell down the slope, and the sales of the Woo-tung bus fell from a high of 71,000 in 2016 to 59,000 in 2019. Starting in 2020, the company and the bus industry were affected by the epidemic, with the entire volume of sales continuously under pressure, and the company sold 30 million in 2022 a year, reaching a decade of decline.
With respect to the average price of bicycles, between 2002 and 2022, Utun's bicycles increased from $230,000 to $720,000 in the context of product upgrading (large, high-end, electric).
During the year, the Māori rate of Utomobus rose from 11 per cent to 23 per cent, and the Māori rate of the previous Utomobus increased mainly as a result of its growing market competitiveness. In 2014-2016, the Māori rate of Utomobus was significantly raised in the main public transport market.
In the period 2015-2022, the subsidy for the new energy bus fell from $335,400 to $346 million, and companies focused on product labels and continued to invest in new technology development such as safe and reliable electrical control systems, power cell safety protection, etc.
In terms of costs, the sales/management/research and development/finance rate for 2301 military passenger vehicles was 8.5 per cent/4.8 per cent/82 per cent/-0.4 per cent.
Single-car camp received $806,000, same-year + $93,000, ring + $33,000, single-car return net profit of $27,000, Figure 78: Changes in Four Cost Ratios for Woo-toonbuses, Figure 79: Changes in Four Cost Ratios for U-to-Travel Quarterly
Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions: Bus products: bus sales are the core business of Utunbus, with 30.2 million vehicles sold in 2022, corresponding to 28 per cent in 2022, and bus sales revenue of $18.460 billion, equal to 7 per cent, at an average cost of about $6.1 million.
In the future, domestic markets are expected to grow further as the favourable factors of urbanization, the construction of public transport cities, and rural passenger transport support market demand. At the same time, it is expected that new energy buses will gradually enter the road bus sector, driven by the “double carbon” policy; and overseas markets: accompanying the world economy.
A steady recovery in economic growth and the gradual release of pre-depressed market demand for passenger transport, tourism, groups, etc. We believe that traffic sales are expected to continue. We expect the sales of 23/24/25-Word passenger vehicles (large and medium passenger vehicles) to cost between $600,000 and $630,000; taking into account competition in overseas and domestic markets, let's assume that the company
Other operations: other operations of the UTA are mainly service-type income, which has historically been relatively stable, so we expect the total revenue of other operations of UTA to be  ,
This has led to an overall increase in overseas demand, which is expected to boost exports of bus products; and 2) domestic operations: as the effects of the epidemic are absorbed, the domestic demand for seating buses is expected to recover gradually, adding to the demand for bus replacements, with the hope of generating a sustained increase in domestic orders.
Research and development inputs for new product projects have led to an increase in R & D costs, while companies have for many years maintained a certain level of marketing resources for R & D, and therefore expect subsequent sales rates to be either at a relatively stable level, assuming that the company's business characteristics are taken into account, we use both absolute and relative valuation methods to estimate the company's reasonable prices.
A sensitivity analysis of the absolute valuation, which is sensitive to wacc and constant growth rates, is presented in the following table.
The dynamic of commercial car recovery, taking into account comparable company valuations, takes into account Utun 1) the country’s position as a leader; 2) its own ongoing research and development of innovation, leading markets for products and services, and 3) the gradual release of foreign demand with a global champion, promising a return to cycles and growth. 1) The recovery of domestic demand: a return to economic warming.
In view of the situation, our seating bus (release of travel demand) + bus (supply of clean-up + replacement demand) is expected to rebound in real terms; in addition, RVs are expected to generate additional growth (domestic RV holdings are much higher than in Euro-American Day); and 2) export volumes are faster: companies are leading the global bus industry, continuing innovation + products.
Lei + Pre-Engineer + Quality Services build export advantages, Yutung's overseas sales fully benefit from new energy penetration overseas (the overseas bus industry sells nearly twice as much as domestically and has a low energy penetration rate) and the "one-way" of 10,000 vehicles to achieve the global target market's overseas marketing + service network layout, which deepens the original `Utsong Model'.
With the recovery of export operations + domestic markets, the company’s performance is expected to continue to materialize. Considering the accelerated upswing of new energy passenger cars abroad and the warming of domestic demand, the company’s performance continues to be well-received.
In view of Woo-tung's position as a leader in the country, 2) our own continuous research and development of innovations, products and services leading the market, 3) the gradual release of overseas demand pending continued growth of orders, and 4) the risk of historical high red points: we have adopted absolute valuation and relative valuation methods that combine companies from multiple angles.
Reasonable valuations, but based on relevant assumptions, in particular the selection of the company ' s parameters from cash flow calculations, weighted average capital cost (wacc), tv assumptions and comparable company valuations over the next few years, have been integrated into the individual ' s judgement, which in turn has led to a risk of deviations in the valuation, in particular:
1) Risks of optimistic valuations due to the high value of free cash flow calculations over the next 10 years, possibly due to optimistic estimates of growth rates of corporate income and profits over the positive and semi-observable periods; 2) weighted average capital cost (wacc) has a very significant impact on firm absolute valuations, and we calculate wacc
(a) Assuming a risk-free rate of 3.0 per cent and a risk premium of 6.5 per cent, there may still be a risk of underestimation or undervaluation of these parameters, resulting in an overvaluation of the company's valuation;
In terms of relative valuation: we have selected domestic autonomous drivers and leading producers of new energy passenger vehicles, Biadi, a relatively mature industry with relatively high rates of municipal ownership, a fuelwood engine for domestic engine leaders and similar benefits from commercial vehicle recovery, using comparable company valuations, taking into account the Woo-toon passenger vehicle 1)
(b) The position of the country ' s leading guests; (b) its own ongoing research and development innovations, products, services, technology multi-dimensional in-depth layouts and (b) the progressive release of overseas demand, which is expected to bring about a sustained increase in orders, taking into account the low number of overseas orders and the overvaluation of Maori, leading to the risk that the forecast of corporate profitability will be higher than the real value.
The risk of an upturn in shipping costs and raw materials: if the future shipping costs continue to rise, they may affect the export sales of the company ' s products, thereby adversely affecting the company ' s business performance; and if future raw materials prices are high, the company, with the corresponding measures, have a certain lag, putting some pressure on the company ' s profitability.
Risks of exchange fluctuations: At the export end, the appreciation of the renminbi may have a negative effect on the price competitiveness of passenger-car exports. At the import end, some market countries are affected by the Fed’s interest hikes, currency depreciations are substantial, customers’ purchasing power falls, and product prices are more sensitive.
Risks of competition in the industry: a stronger concentration of headlines in the bus industry, increased competition in the head business, disorderly competition in small brands and the impact on market order; overcapacity and product homogenization in the bus industry, which contributed to the acceleration of competition in the domestic bus industry.
Technological advances and product upgrading risks: The automobile industry is a capital-intensive and technology-intensive industry. Companies have a wealth of product development and manufacturing experience, and have focused on new technologies, new products, and development over the years.
Without sustained investment in research and development or timely development of products compatible with new models, there will be risks and business risks associated with technological advances. Risk of brain drain from key technologies: the development and management of critical skills is the main competitive advantage of companies
In the future, companies face the risk of losing core technical staff if they fail to provide continuous and effective incentives in terms of remuneration, entitlements, etc.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject