Foreign and domestic resonance, "A way around" on 27th of 2023, went through a full cycle: bus electricization and overflow with three years of disease.
Space: Recovering post-epidemiological demand + bus replacement cycle + overseas market + Super (Utongbus) + 2 + (Kinglong car + middle passenger bus + middle passenger vehicle). The country’s seating bus pattern is concentrated at 40% + Utong city, 20% + city; the country’s bus pattern is fragmented.
Yutong City accounts for 20% + and Kimlong City for 15% +. The export market overall continues its domestic pattern. In the area of profit/value: In 2022, the industry’s profits were still at the bottom, and Woo-tung took the lead. In the medium term, the volume-price-cost-profits are expected to symbiosis, and the net profit center is expected to pick up.
Wootong passenger vehicle: sustained high-intensity research and development investment, leading the industry. 30 years of deep-farming, bus market, full product coverage of 5-13 metres of passenger vehicles, sale of large/medium/light passenger vehicles 11755/1978/6465 in 2022, with a 30% share of the market year
Over the above, the peak sales of bus cars for the new power-driven public transport after 2009 were over 25,000, and now hold at more than 12,000 vehicles, with a market share of more than 20%. Corporate vehicle revenues have been innovative, with $720,000 in 2022 significantly higher than industry averages in 2023.
q1 has reached an all-time high of $8.1 million, and bus products have shown a high-end trend. In 2022, companies volunteered to screen high-risk orders for “poly-in” effects, resulting in net profit returns of $759 million, compared to +23.7 per cent, and net profit returns of 3.5 per cent and +0.8 pt, which became the industry's bottom line.
The only passenger-car business with a positive profit from the past year showed a complete recovery from the down-cycle performance of the industry in December 2016: year-round sales in Sudan, year-on-year net profits were reversed in 2023, and profit-end performance continued to outperform expectations.
Over the next three to five years, the Chinese market is expected to produce a new product. Policy supports the recovery of the economy after the epidemic, raising the demand for national buses along the way.
In the developed European countries, the electricization of passenger vehicles has accelerated, and there is a large demand for replacement of passenger vehicles, and the total number of passenger vehicles exported reached 22,000 in 2022, initially returning to pre-epidemiological levels.
From “product output” to the “technology export” model, from the market all the way up to the high end of Europe, major issues: new energy subsidies to the market, increased export space, profit center upgrades, export sales in 2022, 5683 vehicles, companies.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: Woo-tung bus is the model for the automobile industry, and will be the first to represent the Chinese automobile industry as the world’s leader of real meaning. We expect the public, 1.
1.1. Panorama: The upper cycle is just beginning. Bus is the b2b business model, which is less macroeconomicly relevant than passenger cars and heavy cards. 1) Seatbuses: kernels for midway travel (1-3 hours), divided into group buses/tourist buses, etc. 2) Bus: nuclear
Short- and medium-distance journeys (especially in the city) to meet users are procured by local bus companies. 3) School buses: Cores cater for the needs of primary and secondary school students, which account for a relatively small proportion. Figure 1: All types of large and medium passenger vehicle sales in 2022 (high-risk caliber, units:
Figure 2: Large and medium passenger vehicle structures by type, 2022 (high-risk caliber, unit: Total passenger vehicle retrace: cycle round, 2009-2022, full passenger vehicle industry going through cycle top and bottom. 2009-2015: bus motorization drives the bus industry to start a five-year roll-out cycle. 2016 - 2022
1) Medium passenger sales dimensions: The decline after 2016 was mainly due to: 1) passenger passenger cars hit by moving cars and high irons; 2) public transport demand overdrafts; 3) lower exports. 2) bus sales dimensions: new energy buses burst in 2012-2016, stimulated by the new energy subsidy policy
Growth in circulation, which began to absorb overdraft demand in 2017. Expatriate exports from 2015 to 2020, owing to geopolitical, economic, exchange rate and epidemic effects, saw waves in export markets. 1.1.1. Seat buses: the twin effects of high-speed cars + the epidemic
The core of the passenger seat vehicle is linked to the volume of road passenger/turnover traffic. By comparing the number of road/rail passenger traffic, long-cycle data on passenger turnover are available for road/rail travel: 1) mobile & high-iron penetration has had a substantial and sufficient impact on the passenger seating vehicle (group/tourism, etc.). 2) Three years of epidemic has had a substantial impact on passenger/railway traffic, with passenger turnover creating a significant impact
Figure 7: Trends in road-rail passenger traffic since 2014
(a) Bus: a downward cycle continued in 2017. Characteristics: a slowdown in national bus holdings but a steady increase in routes; a fall in national bus sales to the end of the year; and a fall in the number of buses per 10,000 people in urban areas.
The relationship between local fiscal and bus sales is judged by the fiscal self-sufficiency dimension: China North/China East/China China/South China/North East/Northeast/West 73.1 per cent/-0.8 per cent/-66.4 per cent. The relationship between local fiscal and bus sales is judged by the fiscal self-sufficiency dimension.
South-West Special Provinces; 2) South-South and North-East regions have relatively high declines in sales, with high fluctuations and declining trends in fiscal self-sufficiency in south-east China's Guangxi/Guangdong and north-east Heilongjiang/ Gilling regions.
Figure 14: Fiscal self-sufficiency in the East China region (%) 1.1.3. Export markets: the epidemic has accelerated the movement of Chinese and Chinese passengers to the sea. The impact of the three-year epidemic on the global economy and travel has led to a significant reduction in the global demand for buses.
The annual epidemic is a further increase in the global competitiveness of domestic tourism (though it had short-term effects in 2020), and in 2022 the volume of exports from high- and medium-sized households rose to a new high since 2015. The foreign markets are ranked according to the volume of sales: Asia – Europe – North America – Latin America – and the CIS – Africa.
Since 2010, domestic passenger-car leading firms have been laying out and sinking the core advantages of the overseas market: overall export markets: Chinese passenger-car exports have been stimulated by a “one-way” policy around 2014 to open up national markets along the road and then gradually enter Europe’s high-end passenger-car market through value-for-money and performance advantages.
The country’s buses have built a brand name on the international market. Recapitulating the history of the Dragon Head Bus business exports: Woo-tung and Kim Long, as leading Chinese bus exports, completed the European market for high-end passenger vehicles around 2015, building on their long-term export experience in Asia and Africa, etc.
This breakthrough has led to a further increase in the international recognition of China’s passenger vehicle brands. Along the way, and in Africa, it is the basic engine for bus exports. 1) Policy support: the entry into force of the Agreement on Comprehensive Economic Partnership in the Region (rcep), with some tariff preferences for the export of passenger vehicles to parts of the Asia-Pacific region;
Countries along the “one-way” route offer more project opportunities. 2) Economic demand: Asian and African countries have poor local infrastructure, high passenger-transport demand, and stronger economic growth.
1) Europe is a stock market: European infrastructure is relatively good, with a travelling system of “intra-city subway + inter-city train + cross-border air traffic”, buses and passenger buses are more complementary to public transport, and public transport routes in major European cities are well developed and the volume does not have much elastic growth.
2) Policy-driven passenger vehicle switching: The EU's carbon emission policy is tightening, the EU launched the European Clean Bus Development Plan in 2017, which aims to achieve 30% penetration of the new energy bus in Europe by 2025, and several EU countries have developed corresponding new energy bus switching plans, and the policy-driven need for passenger vehicles to switch to new energy will be the main European passenger vehicle.
The electricization of European buses has started to accelerate, with more than 300,000 replacements expected in the long term. According to the European Zeeus project, launched in 2013, the share of European fuel buses is projected to decline by 53% in 2020 and is expected to decline by 2025/2030, keeping in mind the high growth in the non-European and American markets driven by a “one-way” national strategy.
Demand + tourism-led passenger passenger passenger cars are returning to growth. 1.2. Pattern: the dominance of the head business is increasing. Core conclusion: cross-cyclically, Woo-Tung, Golden Dragon, China-Tone form more than two, with three municipalities accounting for 60 per cent +.
1) In recent years, the bus market has become larger, and policies have tended to favour large public transport (e.g., more subsidies for medium-sized and large new sources of transport), focusing on the direct benefits of the medium-sized and large bus market, with a 30% urban hub. 2) The Golden Dragon Car has a uniform national production profile, and the Golden Dragon Car + Golden Passenger + Golden Dragon + the City in 2022.
The rate rises to 23%. 3) The market for buses is deep-deep in the mountains, with channels in other provinces, with the city at the centre of 10%. Analysis of competition patterns in the major and medium-sized provinces: 1) the market is generally in a more than 2% pattern; 2) due to buses 2b
The business model, which varies from region to region, shows that Woo-Tung has a strong position in the Southwest, China, North China, North East and North West, that Kim Long has a greater advantage in the South China region and Fukuda has an exclusive advantage in the North China; 3) the East China region has the largest sales, the most competitive markets, and the markets are concentrated towards Woo-tung and King Long.
1.2.2. Seats in the middle of the row: 1 Super, 1 Super, 1 Super (Ginglong), 2-Hing, 2-Hing, 1-Hing, 1-Hing, 3-Hing, 3-Hyung, 1-Hyung, 3-Hyung, 1-Hyster, 3-Hyung, 5-Hyung, 1-Hyung, 5-Hyung Kong, 1-Hyung, 5-Hyung, 5-Hyung, 1-Hy-Hyung, 5-Hyung, 5-Hy-Hy-Hy-Hy-Hy-Hy-Hy-Hy-Hy-Hy-Hy-Hy-Hy-Hy-Hy-Hy-Hy-Hy-Hy-Hy-Hy-Hy-Hy-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-Ty-T-T-T-Ty-Ty-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T.
New energy switching trends have led to a pre-emptive advantage for leading producers, and the oligarchy market of Wootong/Kinglong is stronger, accounting for about 75 per cent of the market. 2) The sales of cashiers are relatively rigid, local purchases are still in place for local bus companies, resources are stymied, and back-seat passenger cars are gradually cleared.
Analysis of competition patterns in the provinces with large- and medium-sized passenger cars: 1) The overall market for seats is less regional, with the regions largely dominated by Utun and Golden Dragon Oligopolies; 2) there is a trend towards end-of-pipe clean-up in all regions, reflecting a more competitive market for large and medium-sized passenger cars, with more channeled and product-dominated dragons gradually occupying larger markets.
Core conclusion: Local protection leads to a relatively fragmented pattern of competition, creating a two-percent pattern of competition. 1) Woo-tung and Golden Dragon have a 20-per-cent central position, and the distribution channel has a strong two-percent pattern throughout the country. 2) Local protection guides are more rigid for dealers in the waisttails, and most bus companies are made from local bus manufacturing plants and are better equipped.
Local resources have accumulated, and there has been no apparent substantive clean-up. Combination of bus companies and local relationships has led to the discovery of local bus companies in most of the provinces, which has led to a relatively fragmented public bus market.
By analysing the patterns of competition in the sub-provincial areas of the bus: 1) the bus has a strong stake in local government tenders, the market is less competitive and the competition patterns of the different regions are more divided; 2) Woo-tung is excellent in China and North China, Kim Long is becoming more competitive in the south-west and north-west, and Fukuda has a significant advantage in the north-east, and Biadi is in the south-east.
There are significant advantages; 3) there are the largest sales in the East China region and the most competitive markets. 1.2.4. Export markets: the Woo-dong+King Dragon core benefits. Core conclusion: the overall domestic pattern continues and Woo-Tung+King benefits. 1) Woo-Tung/King-Long lays out the "2-Sun" pattern.
The centres for the export of large and medium-sized passenger vehicles are 6,000, with around 30 per cent of the city's share. (2) The export pole concentration pattern is expected to continue, with the multi-year export accumulation of Woo-tung/Ginglong overseas channels fully opened, while cooperation with overseas countries is expected to continue in the form of “technology exports” assembled by kd.
1.3. Profit/value: The turning point is emerging where the bus is at a similar pace to the industry as a whole, but the down-cycle is more resilient and leads the way out. Māori: Cost: Companies insist on strong R & D inputs and marketing and management costs are relatively rigid and stable after 2016.
The Golden Dragon car has a similar rhythm to that of the industry as a whole, but it is more profitable than the Utopia and has a slightly longer time to get out of the valley. The Māori rate: from a low of 12% to a high of nearly 19% in 2009-2022, the valley has fallen below 9%. The current decline in the price of lithium carbonate is the main reason for exploring the cost of a pure train. 1) Lithium carbonate prices are back in history.
The price of lithium carbonate fell by 65 per cent from its peak in late 2022 to the present. 2) Battery prices are expected to go back to history around $150,000. According to our calculations, the price of a pure electric bus is about $100,000 to 2 million, accounting for about 25 per cent of the price of a pure electric car, and a drop in the price of lithium carbonate will directly lead to a decline in the price of a pure electric car from 200,000 to about 150,000.
Possible reasons for the continued improvement in profits: first, the short term, represented by Woo-dong, has offered to give up low-quality orders and is expected to rise back to the pre-epidemiological level of 2019 and above, with an increase in the scale effect leading to a return to profitability. Third, the export market.
High demand and the central competitive advantage of China’s bus company, the profits of which are expected to be considerable. 1.3.3. Valuation retries: pb is at a historically low level and is expected to repair Retrieval core 2005-2021: The value volatility core of the sw bus industry is positively correlated with the profit of the plate.
The historical estimate is 20 to 30 times, 30 to 40 times less, and more than 40 times more extremes. Pe and pb deviated in 2022, the core reason for which was that roe fell sharply and had negative values.
Woo-tungbus - 30 years of leading in the middle and middle bus industry 2.1. Corporate recycling: sales/income is a key tracking indicator 2.1. Retrieval stock price trends and sales/income is a key indicator for driving stock price increases. 2008 International Finance
The crisis testing companies have grown and followed the innovation of their sales/revenues, and corporate stock prices have continued to rise in 2008-2017; the decline in new energy subsidies after 2017 and the new crowning epidemic after 2019, and the industry’s downward cycle of R & D has continued, waiting for the recovery of demand to begin.
In the context of falling industry revenues, companies earn $1.69 billion a year in R & D, and the R & D rate is at an all-time high of 7.8%. Joint R & D, in parallel with autonomous R & D, is committed to achieving optimal vehicle performance and safety.
Pure electric power, hybrid power, fuel cell passenger vehicle development and industrialization have become the main lines, new energy bus core technologies have been acquired through joint and autonomous development, and significant research and development breakthroughs have been made in auto-drive technologies, vehicle networking and smart network technologies, new energy source passenger vehicle three power systems, whole-car control and energy conservation.
In keeping with industry trends, research and development is invested in key technology nodes for passenger vehicles. Recapitulating the company's history, it spends a lot of research and development costs mainly on smart network and autopilot technologies, fuel cell and "3-power" technologies, high-end passenger vehicle upgrades, and continues to develop deep research and development in the new energy and smart network at the bottom of the industry after 2015, keeping an eye on the future.
A stable equity + a rich channel + a dominant advantage in building core competitiveness 2.3.1. A concentrated equity structure
The transfer of ownership rights to Mr. Wang and Mr. Yu Xiang Yu, the Yu-Tung Group and the Woo-tung passenger vehicle are controlled by seven natural persons, namely, Mr. Yu Yu, Mr. Zhang Yi Guo, Yang Po, Zhang Bao-feng, and Mr. Yu Yu Xiang. The distribution channels are fully opened.
A fully funded service experience centre has created the largest direct service team of more than 600 people in the industry, and has built over 1,600 of the most covered service networks, seeking first-time solutions to domestic and foreign customer claims and raising brand value. The marketing model is “direct marketing” and “subsidized” distribution channels are fully opened, both within and outside the country.
In the offshore market, companies have accumulated over a decade of overseas channels that currently have more than 260 authorized overseas service stations, more than 330 service points and about 80 spare parts distributors, connecting overseas vehicle sales and after-sales services.
Rewinding company sales are related to the growth in sales of medium-sized buses: the overall increase in sales by companies is more affected by the industry, but it is still taking the lead in moving out of a growth in sales independent of the industry. 1) In 2014-2016, the volume of sales by industry has remained positive; 2) after the 2020 outbreak, domestic and foreign passenger traffic demand has recovered, and Woo-Tung is the leading industry ratio
First of all, the lead industry stopped sales from falling, and in 2022 the company took the initiative to sift high-risk orders, leading to a drop in sales, and the strategy was effective in terms of net corporate interest rates. Figure 51: Increases in sales by companies compared with increases in sales by the medium and bus industries
Retrieval companies ' internal structure of sales over the years: companies capture three major industry trends: bus mega-, new energy, and overseas exports. Companies maintain a leading position in the central passenger market, while responding to new energy switching needs in the passenger-car sector, becoming the most beneficial beneficiaries of the up-to-date cycle in the passenger-vehicle industry, shifting their focus to overseas markets when domestic demand is weak, and later
The demand for overseas buses has become a new driver of growth in the age of the epidemic: 1) the large- and medium-sized bus industry has a unique advantage. In terms of the length of the vehicles, the company is dominated by large and medium-sized buses with higher sales prices and higher market demand.
In 2022, the company strengthened its Māori ratio of orders and offered to give up some of the high-risk orders, with a total volume of sales relative to 2), taking advantage of the opportunity of new energy buses. The new energy switch in our market is now in the second half, with fuel in the bus in mid-2022: the share of new energy is about 1:3. The company is actively promoting the new energy switch in response to new energy trends in passenger cars.
By 2022, the sale of new energy vehicles will have contributed almost half of the revenue, accounting for more than 40 per cent of the sales, and more than 20 per cent of the companies in the pure electricity market, which has the highest demand in the market. 3) The export of passenger vehicles is more resilient, and recovery from the post-epidemiology era is now taking place. On the domestic market, it is subject to a fall in subsidies.
In terms of overseas exports, companies have created an export-making “Utsun model” in China, which continues to expand overseas markets and create a new growth curve. By the end of 2022, companies had cumulatively exported more than 87,000 passenger vehicles of all types.
The number of large buses sold by companies in overseas markets now stands at about 65%. After 2020, companies are emerging from the epidemic, sales rebounded, overseas exports were close to 2019 in 2022, and the profitability of overseas markets became public due to a significant increase in the domestic market (over 10 pct above the domestic level).
Retrieval companies’ financial changes over the years: firm performance as industry leader is resilient, industry goes down and actively sifting 1) at the revenue end, and corporate income growth lags behind the industry with the dominant advantage. Retrieval industries and companies have developed over the past two decades.
Historically, the bus industry had peaked in 2014 and then, as a result of the downside of the electric bus subsidy after 2015, the need to digest overdrafts declined in response to the impact of the epidemic on the demand for passenger vehicles, both within and outside the country after 2020; the company’s peak was now in 2016, with a steady and stable strategy followed by the 2020 epidemic, and the proactive screening of high-risk orders in 2022 to ensure sound management.
At the bottom of the industry cycle, the company proved its strength as a leader. 2) At the profit end, subsidies folded up the epidemic affecting the Māori rate, and down-cycle R & D remained on track for the recovery of the industry. 1) The net profit on corporate returns peaked in 2016, with the profit margins gradually falling as a result of the fall in subsidies on new energy buses.
The year benefited from a rapid recovery in domestic demand and company screening of high Māori orders, which returned to 2019 levels, but net interest rates fell slightly behind due to a passive rise in cost during a downturn in income. 2) At the cost end, they were subject to a fall in the overall upwards in cost during recent years, and companies were strongly engaged in R & D during the down-cycle layout industry, and in recent years, they were strongly engaged in research and development (R & D)
The cost of R & D is more than $1.5 billion in absolute terms to bet on opening up growth space in the future.
Export sales are leading in the industry, and exports have recovered since the outbreak. The market for large and medium-sized passenger exports is characterized by a double-pollution pattern of Woo-tung-Ginglong, a rigid demand for passenger vehicles as inputs for production, and a clear recovery in demand for passenger vehicles that hit overseas in the wake of the 2020 epidemic.
There is a high-end trend in passenger-car exports, and companies are responding to overseas demand to launch high-end passenger vehicles. The European market’s leading players in the early years were generally overpriced for foreign passenger-car companies, such as Daimler and Volvo, so the purchase of passenger vehicles in Europe is often not demanding, while the European market for Chinese passenger-car exports must meet the European market’s safety, comfort, and individual requirements for passenger vehicles.
In 2015, the company targeted European passenger vehicle needs to enter the French, British high-end passenger vehicle market, and rolled out high-end passenger vehicles like u12 to overseas, leading the foreign passenger vehicle single-car sales industry, with vehicle revenues being raised year after year, the offshore plant accelerating its layout, and the kd form of seaboarding becoming a new direction. The company is now in Kazakhstan, Pakistan, and Pakistan.
In more than a dozen countries and regions, including Egypt and Malaysia, localized cooperation through kd assembly, moving from “outputs” to “technology exports”, with lower thresholds and lower cost pressures compared to direct overseas construction. In 2021, the Ministry, together with Kazakhstan’s partners, started construction of the ckd plant, with 1,200 passenger vehicles and 500 vehicles for the post-partum year.
After years of building flowers, the company won the European market for pure electric buses. According to statistics from the European consulting firm Chatroucme Solutions, in 2022, Woo-Tung won the European motorbike for 479 cards.
In 2022, the European bus market had a net bus penetration rate of 27%, and the company, as the leading company in the European pure bus industry, was expected to achieve an increase in the market share, with a net bus sales in 2025 exporting Europe, against the backdrop of a projected trend towards pure electrification of the bus.
It is expected to reach more than 1,800 vehicles and a 20 per cent share of pure electricity buses. Figure 67: Companies selling pure buses in Europe and the European market for pure buses
♪ Solaris ♪ ♪ vdl ♪ Biadi ♪
Volvo, the company most benefiting from the recovery in domestic bus demand, has a comprehensive bus product matrix. By category, the company has 134 product lines, full product coverage.
A 5-13-metre bus of all kinds can meet the different customization needs of downstream customers. A continuous ability to build a star car, waiting for market demand to warm up the volume of star products. A star car model based on market demand insight, and a product power derived from technology accumulation.
Over billions of dollars, multi-year technology accumulation + industry insight shapes the ability to manufacture outstanding star products. For example, the company's latest electric bus e8max, as the country's first “zero” post-bust bus (later 1050 mm, with a realistic mix of small grains and large loads), achieves a balance of transport, safety, energy efficiency, comfort, and targets downstream markets.
The latest demand for the site is expected to increase rapidly during the recovery period.Figure 68: Wootonge8max has four major technological advantages: 5,500 mm long axle range, 1050 mm short and suspended, allowing maximum passenger loads of the same grade.
Max to 80, 10-metre bus level, safe.
The vehicle's "0" steps, flat floors, a maximum area of 8 m2, less damage caused by a step-by-step crash, and a light quantification of the body structure of the vehicle and a full load of 2,000 dry grams.
max lowest-level step (340 mm) to achieve real step-by-step boarding, beyond level-wide body (2550 mm) and wide access (1490 mm)
The demand for post-restoration solutions for industries is likely to increase. Companies are committed to transforming from manufacturing-plus-marketing to manufacturing-plus-solutions.
Market demand-oriented solutions have been introduced to explore service models adapted to different markets, and multiple solutions have been applied well to clients. The rapid roll-out of the programme is expected to facilitate bus sales on the one hand, and additional revenue on the other, on the other hand, through deep accumulation at the bottom of the industry.
After the outbreak, the tourist bus recovers, and the company benefits directly from the break-down of the track. The market for the large and medium-sized passenger passenger cars competes relatively fully, with the company spending more on products and channels than in all regions of the country, with more than 30% in all regions of the country and close to 50% in the general market.
In anticipation of a new round of rising demand in the industry, the company benefited directly from the breakdown of the race tracks as a seating bus. Bus were more demanding as inputs, adding up the replacement cycle for buses, which benefited directly from the company as one of the most well-developed companies in the country’s pipeline.
Currently, companies continue to have a significant market share in various parts of the country, despite the proactive decline in the share of the sifting orders, especially in the north-east, north-west, north-west China, and central China, and east China. It is expected that the more economically advanced regions of North and East China will lead to a recovery in the demand for the bus industry, benefiting directly from the company’s flagship as a deep channel.
3.3. Unafraid subsidy retreats and technology continues to open up new energy passenger vehicle policies that directly benefit leading enterprises. (1) New energy subsidies fall back and new energy passenger vehicle markets are being marketed gradually, with pre-eminences in the new energy sector.
(ii) Bus as a means of production, demand is more rigid, public transport needs are ahead of schedule due to the fall in subsidies from 2017 to 2020, the adverse effects of overdrafts are expected to fade gradually in recent years, and the new energy subsidies are not expected to fall back too much on the demand side.
3) The lower cost of the tram, which has benefited since 2023 from the lower price of the upstream lithium mine, the build-up of copper and chip prices, and the gradual proximity of the overall manufacturing cost of the tram to the fuel truck, which has increased the attractiveness of downstream purchases. 4) The new energy bicycle subsidy in 2022, which has reached $33,000, is expected to pass through size.
The cost pressures of the fall in the SAB subsidy are estimated to be $8.24 million for new energy buses, $430 million for total company revenues, 1.6 pct for Māori, and early strategic adjustments to offset the negative impact of the fall in subsidies, assuming a complete fall in subsidies in 2022, which is expected to have little impact on the company ' s overall performance.
Technological development: power is the dominant, and hydrogen can be complemented by future directions. 1) Technology is common, with more common ground in three technologies; 2) Hydrogen integration in the field of storage can promote both renewable energy consumption and large-scale and long-term storage of electricity; 3) Accompaniment facilities are expected to be further improved and hydrogen fuel costs are reduced by margin.
The Division followed the market opportunities with breakthroughs in key areas such as life-cycle safety management techniques for hydrogen fuel cells, smart thermal tubes for hydrogen fuel cells, and low-temperature-cold start-up technologies for hydrogen fuel cell vehicles. The first generation of fuel buses was produced in 2009 and has now been replaced by the third generation of hydrogen fuel commercial vehicles, and the fourth generation of hydrogen commercial vehicles are being developed.
4. Profit forecasts and investment ratings, based on the following core assumptions, are forecasted for 2023-2025: pe is 22/15/11 times the profit. As other companies in the bus industry generally lose, we choose not to be comparable.
The average value of a commercial car company in 2023-2024 is 13/10/7 times higher than that of a company with four other industries. The Wootong bus is a model for the automobile industry.
The global recovery is less than expected. There is a correlation between passenger cars as a means of production and the economic cycle, and if the recovery does not materialize as expected, it will affect downstream demand in the passenger-car industry.
If the demand for buses is not as high as is expected to affect the level of sales in the bus industry. If the demand for buses abroad is not as high as expected, it is expected.