The single-car camp continued to grow, with the net profit of one quarter being higher than the profit of one year's profit, the car, the commercial car, the billions of dollars (4962/4439 vehicles sold cumulatively by Woots 2301, +6%/-10% of the year, with the large and medium passenger sales.
The rate of Māori in the past quarter has improved continuously. For Māori, the maximum price/minimum cost effect is fully released for a full period of 52 weeks; for cost, the ratio of marketing/management/research and development/financial costs is 2301, respectively.
The world’s middle and middle leaders are expected to bear a resonance with growth. 1) Domestic demand recovery: Against a backdrop of economic warming, our seating bus (release of travel demand) + bus (supply of clean-up + replacement demand) is expected to reverse sales; and also housing cars are expected to generate additional growth (domestic RVs are held from Euro-American days).
Greater upscaling space; 2) Speeding up export volumes: companies as leaders in the global bus industry, sustained innovation + product strength + advantage + quality services to build export advantages.
(a) Benefiting from new energy penetrations abroad (the overseas bus industry sold nearly twice as much as in the country and the new energy penetration rate (the Wootong bus (600066.sh) increased by 123 per cent in February by a lower of 800 Uz) and the deepening and advancement of “one-way” (the 115 countries along the Utsong route);
Utunbus (600066.sh) - Quarterly Review: Increased profitability of bicycles, Utsun has accumulated over 86,000 passenger cars exported to achieve the global target market overseas sales + service network
The Bureau, for its part, has also become a model for China’s auto industry to move from product exports to technology. As export operations recover + domestic markets, companies’ performance is expected to continue to materialize.
Investment proposals: The global hub is in the forefront, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Given the continued release of corporate overseas orders and the warming demand in the domestic market, a sustained interest in the continued release of corporate performance, and long-term competitiveness, it is expected that it will benefit fully from the industrial recovery + seaboarding package and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Overview of performance: 3,576 million won in q1 Wootung in 2023 (4962/4439 in Utun 23q1, +6 per cent/-10 per cent in comparison, with 34,63 in large and medium passenger sales, +15 per cent in comparison; 762 in new energy passenger vehicles above 7 metres), figure 2: one-quarter operating income and speed increase in Utun passenger vehicles (in billions, per cent)
For Māori, the overall Māori rate for 23q1 WVs is 21.5 per cent, ring ratio - 4.6 ptt, expected to be a decline in the sales volume ring ratio, impact effects fully released, same ratio +6.5 pt, expected to be mainly high Māori (for 22 years overseas Māori sales, single-car profit, 2301 company single-car revenue of 806,000 yuan, same ratio + 93,000 yuan, ring ratio + 33,000 yuan, single unit)
Net parent interest rate is 3.37 per cent, with a year-on-year deficit of surplus (22q1 versus 3.28 per cent), ring ratio-3.9 pct; 23q1 has been shown in figure 5: Māori rate of Utomo bus, change in net interest rate, figure 6: Māori rate of Utomo bus quarter, change in net interest rate
Figure 7: Changes in the cost of four Utunbuses, Figure 9: Utunbus bicycle collection (millions of dollars) Figure 10: Utunbus bicycle net profit (millions of dollars)
In terms of overall distribution, the volume of passenger vehicles sold in March was 25,202,390, compared with +12 per cent/+5 per cent, and in January-March, the cumulative volume was 4962/4439, compared with +6 per cent/-10 per cent; and in March, the volume of medium passenger vehicles sold in March was 1920, correspondingly to the same amount of 34,63, corresponding to 15 per cent.
According to the new energy sources, the 23q1 WV is 762 new energy buses more than 7 metres, compared to 54.3 per cent and the city is 13.5 per cent; 608 new energy buses are sold more than 7 metres, compared to 51.7 per cent and the city is 11.9 per cent.
Overseas operations continued to expand in 2022, and the technology-plus-services export model progressed well. By the end of 2022, Woo-tung had accumulated more than 87,000 passenger cars exported, and new energy buses were being sold in bulk in more than 20 countries or regions, including the Middle East, Latin America, South-East Asia, Europe, with European pure electric passenger vehicle sales champions in 2022, covering more than "I."
The 115 countries along the route have become the only suppliers of new energy buses in Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Uzbekistan, Poland, etc., or the largest new ones. At the same time, companies have moved from “manufacturing” to “manufacturing service” solutions.
The largest electric field station of the ball is installed and authorized to manage maintenance services, and is based through an internationalized transport team, which is responsible for the pdi inspection, day-to-day maintenance, fault diagnosis, technical guidance, remote support, etc. of electric vehicles throughout their life cycle. More than a dozen vehicles are in Kazakhstan, Pakistan, Egypt, Malaysia, etc.
National and regional co-operation in localization through kd assembly, moving from product exports to “technology exports”, figure 13: Saudily run new energy passenger vehicles, figure 14: overseas sales of UTAs increased (billions of yuan)
In 2023, export performance could increase in the context of a “way-by-way” scenario. Looking forward to 2023, with the recovery of the global economy and improved demand for public transport, as well as major competitions, exhibitions and events, it is expected that the demand for the bus industry will continue to grow, while at the same time increasing social acceptance of new energy vehicles is at stake.
The demand for new energy sources in overseas markets will continue to rise rapidly as a result of such factors as protection requirements, international image enhancement, and technological advances in new energy vehicles.
Subsequently, 150 first buses from Kazakhstan arrived in the Karakanda region of the country and will be used in the country’s public system when the qaztehna factory is offline. On 16 February, Yutong officials announced the seizure of 550 passenger vehicle orders from Saudi Arabia, 300 of which were from the upper and middle levels.
The vehicle c13pro (zk6138h) has been delivered to the Saudi Garden City - Riyadh. The remaining 250 will be delivered in April/May. 300 Utong medium-to-high-end road buses will be delivered to the Li Yadd public transport line.
On 2 March, Yu-Tung announced the first delivery of 800 passenger vehicle orders ordered by Uzbekistan and the new record of Chinese exports to Uzbekistan, which is the largest new energy passenger vehicle since the beginning of the year.
The order is for 300 pure electric power and 500 cng natural gas, which are expected to be paid over the course of the year in the interior.
Online follow-on traffic instructions; and local reserves of nearly $130,000 in spare parts to ensure the safe and efficient operation of vehicles, while Uzbekistan, which first introduced a large number of new energy passenger vehicles, will be able to move to public transport with the help of Utun, electric and low-carbon transformation.
Woo-tung has cumulatively sold over 4,300 large and medium passenger vehicles in Kazakhstan, representing 50% of China’s total export volume. The bulk of the country’s 150 first large single passenger vehicles are located in Kazakhstan. The products serve a segmented market of local passenger, bus, school bus, medical, tourist, group, etc. The country’s Karaganda region, which holds the largest Chinese passenger vehicle brand in the local market for large and medium passenger vehicles at qaztehna.
April 2023 In Kazakhstan, when the plant is offline, it will be put into the public system of the country, where partners will jointly prepare the qaztehna plant, which will produce 1,200 buses and 500 engineering machines, and will independently complete the complete process of chassis, welding, coating, loading, testing, etc., to achieve passenger vehicles, mine vehicles, etc.
The order includes a total of 800 items, including a high temperature, dry, dusty, and high demand for new energy vehicles in Tashkent, the capital of Uzbekistan.
In March 2023, 800 gas trucks (zk6116hg, cold system, battery module crash protection, battery helium protection system, etc.) in Uzbekistan were equipped with 500 electric sands, zk6126hg, resulting in reduced failure of Chinese protective structures, electron condensation structures, etc., while strong power air conditioning was used to ensure cooling.
Utun entered the Saudi market in 2006 and has for many years continued to follow the “high-end” “internationalized” product route, creating brand values and technical barriers through high-end vehicles to provide better transport to the country’s special climate environment.
Saudi Arabia’s 550 bus orders, services and products from the camp scene. A direct service team of 15 people was also established to implement the one-stop baby-sitter service and to provide protection for the efficient operation of the sand for customers 550c13pro (zk6138h).
Saudi Arabia delivered 513fm (zkoto) in February 2023 in April/May.
For the first time, the large baggage cabin space brought about a technological change in the 600l tank set up in front of the front wheel without occupying the large baggage compartment, while using the unique second-generation thermal management technology of Woo-jung to improve the comfort and economic operation of the entire vehicle.
In addition to the mass delivery ceremony for 110 buses in Wootung, and with the rapid development of the Ethiopian economy, the bus was also pre-positioned by the Government to brt 2022 in September Ethiopia
The Meskel Square was a big event, with substantial technical and human resource training support to meet the growing needs of Ethiopia for public transport development, fleet smart management, etc.
The company contracted 1002, 741 racing services officially exported by car in December 2020, and Qatar completed a big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big
Janrichardkdeman, Chairman of the Academic Council of the World BusWorld, highly values the upgrading of urban public transport before the race, highlights the performance of Woo-tung's pure electric bus in the event, and represents Busworld in recognition of the Woo-tun bus as "New."
Energy Green Pioneer.” Yutong also signed a framework agreement with the Qatar side to build a kd factory in Qatar’s free zone. Wootongyes technology and a new pure electric car were released, and now Wootung’s high-end pure electric road bus t13e is once again “lighted” in Chile, once again gaining traffic in Chile.
In 2005, when he entered Chile, for 17 years, he provided Chile with a large number of mobile passenger cars (t13e) that were first launched in Chile and were custom-made. In 2012, the Chilean National Football Team selected the Uttarbus as a special bus for the national team.
Partners set up a zero carbon alliance (team transmission service; the export of 100 pure electric passenger buses in 2018 updated the booking of new energy buses abroad, also marking the official start of the electricization of public transport in Chile. In 2019, Yutón Mexican subsidiary and the Mexico City Electric Transport Service (MEX) operated electric public transport.
There was close cooperation in the area of transport; in March 2019, Mexico City Electric Transport Services purchased Woo-Tung, Mexico City Electric Transport Services again purchased 100 12-metre dual-source non-trading buses.
Ten thousand; strategic cooperation between the two sides has continued over the years; so far, the Mexico City electric transport vehicle, which is expected to be officially launched in November 2022, has a total of 301 new Utun energy vehicles and Utun vehicles account for electric transport services in Mexico City
The total number of vehicles operated by the company reached 66.8 per cent; the first high-speed bus line in Mexico City, Mexico, was officially launched in September 22, and the circuits used in the trams were made by Utong buses.
Looking ahead to 2023, with the recovery of the global economy and improved demand for public transport, as well as major competitions, exhibitions and events, it is expected that demand in the bus industry will continue to grow in a resilient manner, while the recognition of new energy buses will continue to grow, with environmental protection requirements, international image enhancement and new energy vehicle technology,
The demand for new energy sources in overseas markets will continue to rise rapidly as a result of, inter alia, increasing economic performance.