Large-scale i model competition continues to increase server revenue Investment rating: increase (maintenance) over 29 per cent; net profit return of $8.7 billion, 22 per cent over the same period; net profit deductions of $8.5 billion
Of this amount, the second quarter earned $14.4 billion, an increase of 46 per cent in the same year and 24 per cent in the ring; the second quarter lost $4.6 billion in net profit, an increase of 13 per cent in the same year and 9 per cent in the ring; the second quarter lost $4.3 billion in net profit, a decrease of 2 per cent in the same year, and the ring was more or less the same.
After the impact, total profits increased by 25 per cent over the same period.
Cloud computing. In the first half of the year 2024, a big model of the North American cloud service provider competed for the first position of the model, and continued to raise capital spending throughout the year, adding relevant inputs to facilitate the construction of the cloud infrastructure and the upgrading of the data centre. The company’s cloud-related operations are mainly servers and cardboards.
Trendforce data show that the projected annual delivery of 1.67 million i servers in 2024 was 41.5 per cent more than the year before, with brand clients constantly increasing the number of ii server orders, resulting in company cloud count receipt in the first half of 2024.
With 60 per cent growth in the same year and 47 per cent growth in cloud computing revenue, cloud service provider revenue increased by 5 pct compared to the same period last year; server al increased its overall server collection to 43 per cent, and revenue from cloud computing increased by more than 70 per cent and ring growth by 30 per cent over the same year; and server income from i increased by the same year.
Over 270 per cent long, over 60 per cent ring growth, 46 per cent of overall server collection, 46 per cent of new-generation client-ai servers, company capacity in place, high visibility of downstream orders, constant demand for new product development, fast-volume production, global delivery, etc., and consolidation
Communications and mobile network equipment. Benefiting from network upgrades resulting from the artificialization of the data centre, the communications and mobile network equipment plate of the Division has increased by the same number of units in the first half of the year and in the second quarter of the year.
The year-on-year increase was as high as 20 per cent, the i server-related 400g/800g high-speed switch was received 30 per cent, the 800g high-speed switch started to be shipped in the first half of the year, and the company ' s high-speed exchange product portfolio, covering the multiple deployments of ethenet, infiniband and nvlinkswitch, is expected to contribute throughout the year.
Industrial enrichment: Arithmetic Explosions for the Ai Wave, Industrial Internet. During the reporting period, companies continued to upgrade their intellectual manufacturing transformations with the use of the ai technology, focusing on automation, robotization, digitization, intelligent “dividual integration” as of 2023.
At the end of the day, there are 153 “lighthouse plants” around the world, of which 62 are in China, with companies participating in nine. Companies have collectively served more than 200 corporate customers in the country, covering 10 major industries.
Market competition has increased, technology development has fallen short of expectations, and large customers have sold less than expected. The BJF Investment Department, among others, has eight years of buyer experience.
Li Mei-hyun, Master of Arts, Chinese People’s University, joined the Huaan Securities College in January 2024. He worked in the E-Computer and Telecommunications industry for four years. He was good at retracers overseas, focusing on the areas related to analog chips and soc, fpga, gpu, etc.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.