huhui2@guosen.com.cn Cloud computing business has grown strongly, with a doubling of the collection of ai servers. The company’s performance has largely benefited from a strong demand growth for a suitor, and the company’s cloud computing business, with its ability to integrate vertically over the whole industry chain covering aai.
The growth in revenue was strong, with a doubling of the growth in the production of one server and an accelerating trend in growth, with a continuous increase in the share of services businesses, leading to growth in corporate revenue and profitability. Companies seized digital opportunities for development and made cloud computing and network communications through advanced technology research and development and production capacity distribution.
In 2023, the volume of company-ai-related business volume will rise to 40% of total cloud-based income in 2024, and the share of the global market will be represented by a server.
Upgraded to 40%. Companies are constantly focusing on the gpu module, the base plate and back end of the ai server design and system integration up the iIndustry value chain, making full use of industry-wide intellectual manufacturing and R & D advantages, and providing complete solutions for customers.
A new generation of servers is planned, and new product orders are now visible. In the next generation of server products, it is expected that customers such as cloud service providers, ncp, branders, etc. will place orders directly on the company, and the delivery will take the form of a full-time machine, so the ability to provide a holistic solution is critical.
The design and production capacity of whole-ai industrial chains is one of the few global producers that can provide a full set of solutions from the front to the back, and is expected to gain more market share in the new generation of server products in the future, leading to higher performance growth.
Investment proposal: to raise profit expectations and maintain a “better than the big market” rating. We're looking at corporate cloud computing.
In view of the high and sustained growth resulting from cloud computing operations, especially the i-server for the company, the net profit for the first three quarters increased by 14.32%, i the net profit for the industry (60138.sh)-1h23 increased by 4.21%, and i was arithmetic by 4.21%.
“Industrial enrichment union (601138.sh) - layout “High-end intelligent manufacturing + industrial Internet”, “Industry federation (601138.sh)-ai opening a new age of numeracy, high-speed cloud computing operations” Current stock prices are 17.0/12.4/11.1 times higher than those of large markets, respectively.
Figure 2: Quarterly operating income of the company and rate of increase (billion yuan, %) Figure 3: Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Quantity
Figure 5: Sub-products of companies as a percentage of GDP (%) Figure 6: Sub-products of companies as a percentage of Māori (%) Figure 8: Corporate Māori, Net Interest Rates, Cost Rates (%)
Figure 9: Quarterly cost rates for companies Figure 10: Quarterly Māori rates, net interest rates, cost rates (%)
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author