On 4 August 2024, the Federation issued 2024-50 \triangleright.
Achieving income of $14.74 billion, 46.1% more than the previous year, 24.2% more around the ring; net profit return of $4.6 billion, \triangleright performance statement the idea that the demand for ai will continue at a compound rate of 50% after 2028.
As a leading company in the odm model, the market share of the i server is expected to reach 40% in 2024. The public sector’s 1h24ai server product is growing exponentially, with an accelerated growth trend, with the cloud service provider’s share increasing steadily, leading to increased corporate revenue and profitability.
Through advanced technology R & D and the production of energy, the cloud computing, network communication, etc., have achieved significant in-house leadership, demand for switchboards has increased rapidly, and the operator’s capital expenditure has risen.
In the post-five-g era, the pressure on the operator’s capital expenditure has dropped significantly, leading to high growth in investment and income at the end of cloud services. The positive digitalization of the enablers has been transformed, and the industrial Internet is on its way.
\triangleright \triangleright and the company’s flagship, Taiwan’s Nanqing factory, is the world’s first one-stop server lighthouse plant. Industrial Internet operations have been a company’s long-standing development strategy, with a Māori rate of 49.81% in 2023.
The company will continue to promote the development and application of the i-ecosystem in the future, improving the industry chain layout and providing a complete solution for its clients. \triangleright, according to the performance report, will continue to promote the development and application of the i-ecosystem and improve the global environment in the future.
The company continues to focus on the gpu module, the matrix and the back of the i industry value chain.
Businesses such as endai server design and system integration, making full use of industry-wide smart manufacturing and R & D advantages, provide complete solutions for clients. Investment advice: more demand for arithmetic and network upgrading benefits from increased demand for arithmetic in the context of the digital economy
1. In-depth report by the Confederation of Industrial Wealth (601138.sh): ai gold, with an optimal product structure of the company expected to lead to an overall improvement in the quality of the main business and a further improvement in the level of profitability
A steady growth in performance was observed, with the ai stimulating demand for servers at 16x11x/10x, maintaining a “recommended” rating. 3. Industrial Confederation (601138.sh) annual report for 2023:a
High-quality development has emerged with new energy in wave 1: steady growth in sales of ai servers and continued increase in profitability
Review: 23q1 high quality and steady increase in future ai server use Research findings on methodology and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and research of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.