semi-annual report of the Federation of Industrial Wealth: Confederation of Industrial Wealth: Performance in line with Predicted Period, a wave of snow and snow: 13 August, company published its semi-annual report for 2024, and company 2024h1 achieved business start-up
In the second quarter, total profits increased by 25 per cent over the same period. In the first half of 2024, cloud computing income increased by \triangleright
The share of the i server in the overall server collection rose to 43 per cent, with revenue rising by 230 per cent over the year. Corporate cloud computing income in the second quarter of 2024 amounted to 55 per cent of total income, cloud computing revenue grew by more than 70 per cent over the year and ring grew by more than 30 per cent; i server revenue increased by one percentage point over the year.
In response to the demand for servers and cardboards caused by the ai, the company had sufficient capacity to produce and the orders were more visible. In 2024, the large cloud service provider’s model was published, and the demand for arithmetic continued to rise.
The revenue from communications and mobile network equipment operations has increased steadily, and is expected to contribute significantly in the second half of 800g.
The second quarter saw a single-season increase of up to 20% and a 30% annual increase in the 400/800g high-speed exchange rate associated with the ai server. The company’s market share is rising, with advantages in intelligent manufacturing, response speed, etc., pushing up the business to a high rate of growth.
Of these, 800g high-speed exchanges have started to arrive, and companies are expected to start in the second half of 2024 and contribute significant operating revenues. The core shares of the chain of power industries, we appreciate the company’s development prospects in this area, and we maintain our interest in the company.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., ltd Golden House No. 127 Minxi Avenue, Beijing West Side.b
In November 2022, they joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group, which studied optical, consumer electronics, car electronics, etc., to store chips, simulated chips, etc.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.