On the 14th of August 2024, the Confederation of Industrial Wealth published its semi-annual performance in 2024. The company's 1h24 revenue was 22.6 billion yuan, compared to the previous year.
\triangleright growth of 28.7%; net return to mother $8.7 billion, or 22.0% over the same period; withholding non-net profit of $8.5 billion, and increased demand for beneficiary cloud infrastructure, and strong growth in the i server business. Head cloud service provider plus codeai
\triangleright input, i server demand continues to grow. The company provides a complete solution, has a global multi-productivity layout, and has a high visibility of downstream orders. 1h24, cloud computing income increases by 60% over the year, and cloud service providers account for 60%.
The data centre infrastructure is growing rapidly, pushing \triangleright.
The company’s market share is rising with the advantage of intelligent manufacturing and response speed. q2 of communications and mobile network equipment has grown by up to 20% over the same period, with the i server-related 400g and 800g high-speed switchboard receipts increasing by 70% over the same period.
By focusing on the digital economy and the development opportunities of the one, companies are actively investing in technology research and development. By developing the digital economy’s core technologies, companies are firmly at the top of the world’s cloud, web, end, and industry’s core Internet business. By pursuing the concept of “data drive, green development” and working with top global clients, they are actively increasing their investment in the development of the one.
Research and development investment amounts to $4,876 million, with over 35,000 research and development technicians, and the Industrial Internet has accelerated its empowerment, with the Lighthouse Plant leading the manufacturing transformation.
A fast-growing period of full-scale growth. As the world’s leading industrial Internet-wide solution service provider, the company has built nine lighthouse plants, focusing on automation, robotization, digitization, intelligent "four-fold integration."
The "2+2" strategy continues to be structured to build new advantages in the industrial ai field. Companies actively promote innovation in the ai domain and core products through strategic investment M&A of high-quality, downstream and upstream innovative enterprises, and through joint strategic cooperation with market head agencies, and continue to enhance the two-engine drive of smart manufacturing plus ai.
Strategic investments to strengthen cloud computing and to increase the depth of the "big data plus robot" scene; to expand the performance of the "big data plus robot" (601138.sh) 2024 semi-annual performances through mergers and acquisitions in the areas of ai server, semi-carriers, robots, new energy sources, medical devices, etc.
The scope of the scene creates a new competitive advantage in the industrial ai field, with a wide range of applications. Investment proposal: to benefit from increased demand for arithmetic and network upgrading in the context of the digital economy
2. In-depth report by the Confederation of Industrial Wealth (601138.sh): ai gold, and the optimal structure of the company ' s products is expected to lead to an overall improvement in the quality of the main business and further excellence in the level of profitability.
A robust growth in performance, as a result of the i-stimulation of server demand exposure, i-high-quality developments have produced new dynamic energy - 2024/03/ remarks: i-server sales have increased steadily and profitability levels have continued to rise
l 2023/08/09 Research findings based on methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, the recommendations or views contained in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.