General computer equipment Industrial enrichment (60138.sh)
In the first half of 2024, the company’s cloudy accounts continued to grow.
\triangleright Business Growth is strong, Income as a proportion of income continues to rise, and cloud as a percentage of total income in a quarter High/lowest (in yuan) in the year:
Nearly 50%, mainly due to the high demand for the one server, the first half of 2024, the company ' s i server output, the circulation a/total equity (the income of the billion commodities increased exponentially and the trend towards accelerated growth was accelerated.
The i-server will grow by more than 40 per cent and the share in the overall server will increase quarterly, maintaining the market value of the circulationa share throughout the year (in billions): 40 per cent of the target, and the company-ai server will account for 40 per cent of the global market share.
The company continuously enhances the whole industry chain layout of the i server. 1) The company has a whole industry chain layout from gpu module, base plate, high-speed switch, liquid cold, whole machine to data centre, and base data: 31 March 2024
(ii) In the field of advanced heat radiators, companies continue to develop liquid cold technology solutions, creating a whole series of liquid cold solutions from spare parts, servers to systems, covering the needs from the edge to the data centre as a whole; and (3) high-speed switches and routers.
On the other hand, the company has achieved a volume delivery of high-speed switches 100g, 200g, and 400g, of which 200g, 400g are significantly upgraded, and 800g are in the Npi phase. The company continues to benefit from the strong demand for the one server while serving as the global one server head.
I don't think you're going to have as much downstream demand as you're going to need.
The company’s revenue share is still low, and future cloud producers will have a negative impact on the company’s fast-growing ani server business if they reduce their input capacity due to a mismatch between their output. gb200 is not as good as expected.
The start-up output, the high computing density of the gb200 machine cabinets, which is favoured by clients such as large cloud producers, and the company will also have a significant share in the gb200 delivery, with the advantage of the whole industry layout of the one server, but if the gb200 continues to be delayed for reasons such as design defects, it will be detrimental to the company's performance.
The risk of higher client concentration. The company has a higher client concentration, and if future demand from major clients \triangleright falls or relationships with the company change, the company will face a wind of reduced or lost client orders.
Risks of price fluctuations in major raw materials.
For pcb, glass, metal materials, plastics, etc., if the price of major raw materials continues to rise in the future and companies are unable to transfer increased procurement costs downstream in a timely manner, the cost control and production budget arrangements of companies will be affected and companies will be exposed to the risk of higher operating costs and lower levels of Māori, and so on.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not, for no reason, nor will it be recommended specifically in this report.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.