The IUF's performance is fast-tracked: a wave core card, q2 income profits up to a high, beneficiary q2 quarter revenue/profit history up to a high point. The company is the only one in the world.
With its ability to integrate vertically, the cloud computing industry is growing strongly, with a doubling of its server products. From the industrial chain, the company is in the key position of the industry chain as the server odm.
There has been a clear incentive for company performance since the start of the 2024q2 quarter, with a long snowfall on the track and a bright future for the company.
In recent financial reports from North America, ai has created greater synergy with old cloud vendors (advertising, searching, etc.) and some of them have achieved better returns. Looking ahead, ai is expected to generate more demand, and there is still much room for arithmetic improvement.
Businesses such as integration, making full use of industry-wide smart manufacturing and R & D advantages, and providing complete solutions to clients, are expected to continue to benefit from the dividends of industry development. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we expect companies to return net profits of 2024e/2025e/2026e.
We're looking at the company's development prospects in this area, and we're keeping up with the company's Sindar Securities Co. Ltd.
In November 2022, after joining the Sindam Securities Electronics Group (SEP) in Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, Beijing, San Wumen West Avenue, Number A127, b, it was directed towards optical, consumer electronics, car electronics, etc., to store chips, simulate chips, etc.
Some of them are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment consulting business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Commission.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.