On August 13, the Federation issued its mid-term report for 2024.
(a) The cloud computing business benefits from the continuous expansion of the demand for the hardware of the ai, with 60 per cent increase in income in the first half of the year, with 47 per cent of the revenue being earned by cloud service providers.
Upgraded by 5 percentage points over the same period; i server share of overall server collection increased to 43 per cent, revenue increased by more than 230 per cent on the same year; general server revenue also increased by 16 per cent over the same period, with a strong recovery in demand. 2) Communications and mobile network equipment operations also benefited from an i-driven network upgrade, which was achieved in the first half of the year
The same-year-old growth in the number of units increased, with a 30 per cent increase in the same year in the total 400/800g high-speed switchboard, 800g of which started out in 24 days, covering the complex structures of the Ethernet, ib network and nvlinkswitch. 3) Industrial Internet operations, with companies building up in the field of smart manufacturing over many years.
In the case of profit-side aggregates, interest rates contracted slightly in 2023, and the time-rate control was good: 1) Māori rate is subject to changes in business structure.
Annual Report Review: A significant increase in profitability and a promising era, combined Māori has contracted to 6.73 per cent. 2) In terms of cost rates for the period, sales, management, research and development, as leading companies in the digital economy, will benefit fully from the outbreak of hardware and end-of-end deployment needs in the region.
The first coverage of the research-industrial wealth union of the State dollar securities company (601138.sh) has led to the sustained deployment of al+ applied innovations across industries and further promotion of the report: leading the digital transformation, which has actively led to the creation of the “second growth pole” as the large models overlapped.
There is a growing demand for ari technology hardware, such as servers, high-speed switches, etc. At the same time, the demand for ai terminal hardware continues to erupt as the one moves to the end of the application, and according to idc, the global volume of aai cellular product will reach 170 million in 2024, as will the Chinese ai mobile phone.
Woo Gwang will benefit fully from the infrastructure and the demand for hardware at the end of the wave through a stable customer relationship. As the computing base and the demand for hardware at the end progresses, we believe that the company will benefit fully from it.
We expect that in 2024-2026, the net profits of the company will be the same as those of Hao Yu, the risk of macroeconomic fluctuations, the risk of industrial fluctuations, the risk of exchange rate fluctuations, and the risk of relative concentration of customers.
The index, the Hong Kong market benchmark, is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or the NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for agreement transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers) and the North Exchange benchmark index is a North Certificate 50 index.
The data used in the commitment report are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the professional conduct and professional competence of the author, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts