On 9 June 2017, the company issued an announcement stating that the fully-owned company, China East, had been given new drug technology from Li La Rupe and Southeast China, respectively, from the Sino-American Institute of Genes and New Medicines.
Lilarupine: one of the best-selling varieties of the glp-1 analogues, with a potential of 1 billion people on a scale Lilarupin for insulin samples-1 (glp-1) for the original Danish-Norde research.
Receptive agonists (commodity name: Nok) are used to improve blood sugar control of adult type 2 diabetes.Glp-1 receptor agonists are by far the fastest growing global drug for diabetes treatment in 2016, amounting to $5.9 billion, while Lilalupi is 97% homogenous to the inner glp-1.
The best-selling glp-1 analogue, with a sales compound of 230% in 2011-2015, will expire in 2017. At present, the nine source genes are the only ones in the country to gain access to the unit as compared to the 300-degree trend.
The company of clinical batches of this product, in combination with the marketing channels and extension experience of the diabetic drug industry in the East of Central America, is expected to become another one billion or more in the sugar and urine sector of the Acarbo company. To date, the company has four diabetes drugs.
The core competitiveness in the field of diabetes will continue to grow for some 19 of the listed varieties, which will continue to grow in core competitiveness in the field of diabetes.
The therapeutic and secondary bone marrow growth anomalous syndrome (mds) is currently known as the strongest dna methylated specific inhibitor. Global sales in the western part of the country were $281 million in 2015, an increase of 0.86 per cent compared with the corresponding increase; and the combined growth rate of sales in the country ' s sample hospitals was about 125 per cent in 2009-2015, and with that,
The product is included in the national health-care catalogue, and market prices will float and market growth space will expand. Although there are already eight companies in the country, including former researchers, the company has launched a bidding process for production in the western part of the country, together with 300 sales of the already existing internal blood system.
Team, with the power to win a greater share of the market in the field of anti-cancer resistance.
In response to the trend towards graded consultations, and with the introduction of a "two-vote system", the company is expected to become the leading business leader in the Zhejiang region, and the city is expected to increase. The company plans to speed up the completion of the network of pharmaceutical suppliers across the province over a period of three to five years, with drug distribution reaching over 25 per cent of the market in all municipalities throughout the province.
Three, profit forecasts and investment proposals are 17 times higher. We look forward to the future space and potential of the company, and continue to maintain a “highly recommended” rating.
Lower prices of medicines; underdevelopment of new medicines; changes in pharmaceutical business policy. Summary of company financial statement data projections. Wu Han-hyang, Head of the Research Group on the Human Security Medicines Industry, Doctor of Bioengineering, University of Lincoln, Nebraska, United States of America, Master of Ecology, University of Shanghai
The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,