On April 25, 2017, the company issued its first quarterly report for 2017. During the quarter, the company was stable and earned $7,149 million, an increase of 15.95 per cent, compared with the previous year; the net return on maternity was $544 million, an increase of 25.11 per cent over the same period;
Businesses are progressing well, with key financial indicators meeting expectations of faster growth in the quarter, and we judge that this is mainly due to steady growth in the sale of industrial varieties and rapid commercial growth. On the cost side, sales costs are increased by 17% over the year, administrative costs are reduced by 4% over the year, and financial costs are reduced by 4% over the year.
The decrease of 56.35 per cent in comparison is due mainly to lower interest-bearing liabilities of companies and higher interest on deposits. The return on investments during the first quarter amounted to 2.88 million, an increase of 214.8 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the increase in net profits of associated enterprises. > The adjustment of the list of benefits and the release of production capacity, and the elasticity of the contribution of industrial varieties. >
The main species of Acapose in 2016, with revenues of more than $1.5 billion, which benefited from import substitution from grass-roots coverage, together with the new type of chewing chip, which was approved and adjusted from class B to class A in the new version of the health insurance catalogue, are expected to be in the future.
In July 16, it was officially launched, with a total investment of about 800 million, with production capacity one times higher than the original site, and 100% of the capsule products expected to grow at a rate of more than 20% (with income of more than 2 billion yuan in 2016). In addition, Datomoxin, bofen, and the sulfurta liver to sodium are on a new health insurance catalogue.
• The grass-roots layout should respond to the new policy of medical reform, and the development of a network of provincial pharmaceutical commercial markets should be accelerated.
The company plans to speed up the construction of a network of pharmaceutical companies across the province over a period of three to five years, with drug distribution reaching more than 25% of the market in all the provinces and municipalities, and a transformation of the business structure, supported by province-wide distribution, with the overall agency and a special large health industry.
16 times. We look forward to the company’s future development space and potential, and we continue to maintain a “highly recommended” rating.
Summary of company financial statement data projections, Marko, graduate from Nankai University in 2011 and entering civil securities for strategic research. From 2014 to date, he has been transferred to the household electricity industry. Oh Han-hyun, head of the research team on the human capital securities medicine industry, Doctor of Bioengineering, University of Lincoln, Nebraska, USA, Master of Ecology, Shanghai Transport University.
The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,