Chinese medicine (000963), medicine biology, has been given a heavy weight product, Lila Lupe, to build a 5 billion-dollar line of diabetes products, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
The company announced that 80 million yuan would be spent on new drug technology owned by the nine sources in Hangzhou; 30 million dollars on new drug technology in the western part of the west of China by the New Medicines Institute. Lilarupuan is expected to become another 1 billion dollars in the company’s diabetes field, with heavy weights on his superiors.
Diabetes blood sugar control, with only 1 daily injection under the skin, with new, precise treatment, sustained sugar, low blood sugar risk, significant improvements in insulin function and slowing down of disease processes; (ii) nine base sources, independent development studies, first country to obtain Lilalu injection fluid clinical test kits in August 2016; (iii)
Globally, Lila Rupe had sales of $2.7 billion in 2015, 2.97 billion in 2016, one for each patient for 15 days, 24 for one year, annual consumption of around $20,000, daily drugs, more than a billion diabetic patients, potentially large market sizes, and space is expected to exceed $4 billion. Lila Rupe is expected.
• Together with Acapo sugar, it supports the company’s future line of diabetes products in the amount of $5 billion. 1) The company already has four marketed varieties, including Acarbo and Voglebo, in the field of succulent medicine.
7 clinical trial batches, 1 new 1 type of drug declaration clinic, and the creation of a continuation product development pattern following the study of 11 varieties, with a total of more than 20 varieties, which will be further increased and enriched on this basis; 2) The public administration has listed and registered a variety of essentially oral sugar drugs for early and mid-term diabetes patients, which will be achieved
Full coverage of type 1, type ii diabetes varieties, and full coverage of all stages of the diabetic disease process. The company will integrate its efforts in the next phase of research and development, focusing on the development of mainstream products such as insulin, glp-1, and mono-resistant classes for the treatment of diabetes complications; 3) Lilarupine will further enrich the company's use of diabetic drugs.
The product line further consolidates and expands the company's domestic leadership in diabetes drugs; 4) the original Rino and Liga are marketed, and the company will build on the successful experience of Acapo Sugar, which together supports the HDRW’s future 5 billion yuan product line.
There is a huge amount of oncological product lines in the western part of the country. 1) The western part of the area is used mainly for the treatment of primary and secondary bone marrow growth Anomalous syndrome, pdb shows that the global sales in the western part of the country in 2015 were $281 million, an increase of 0.86 per cent. 2) The western part of the country entered the Chinese market in 2009 and, in addition to importing the original drug Dakota, the country is still in the process of becoming a major contributor to the global market.
Seven of the approved manufacturers, including Chiru Pharmacy, were listed in 2016 at the original Dakota market of more than 50 per cent:3) and it is expected that the end price of the product will fall further from the current level and the market size as the bidding process for pharmaceutical products continues in the country in 2017.
It will increase gradually as prices are adjusted. (4) The new drug technology in the western part of the country is in line with the company's development plan for the development of products in the field of anti-cancer, which further enriches the anti-cancer product line, and prior to the company's preparation for production and bidding in the western part of the country.
The value is only 25 times higher and cash flows are abundant for extended development escorts, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Achieving the new target of 10 billion dollars in industrial income” 2017-03-22. Washington Medicine (0009663): Yearly report overperformance, 4. Washington Medicine (000963); 100 million new bases in production.
5. China East Medicine (0009663): Facing Historical Opportunities 2016-06-20
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.