Chinese medicine (000963), pharmaceutical biology, with high year-round growth, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: The company achieved operating income of $7,149 million in 2017 q1, an increase of 15.95 per cent in the same year, net profit of $544 million for mothers, an increase of 25.11 per cent in the same year, net profit of $534 million for mothers after deduction, an increase of 2.23 before the introduction of the new health insurance catalogue, which is likely to result in a reduction in stock reserves for some distributors due to the removal of the order.
q1. The new health insurance catalogue not only did not remove it, but was transferred from the oncology assistive drug to the gas-blood double supplement, which had a positive impact on the subsequent market. The full recovery of the q2 was expected to peak at 5 billion. q1 would be the year-long low: 2) the Acapo sugar income growth rate is about 28%.
As a first-line drug for the country ' s treatment of barley diabetes, after entering the new version of the base drug catalogue in 2012, the grass-roots market, where companies have increased sales over the last two years, mainly to the grass-roots level, expanding marketing and market coverage; and (3) the overall acceleration of the immune inhibitor line, which has increased by more than 20 per cent, with the ring scavenging.
4) Pertorazine income is increasing by nearly 15%. The overall industrial growth is generally stable. In 2020, the industrial target was $10 billion, and the new health insurance catalogue was significantly targeted. 1) Akkad is new in the next three years, with the blood plate condensation suppressant thuphin being the exclusive species, with superantibiotic datocin taking the lead.
As in the case of Dixitian anti-cancer drugs and immunostatic regulators; the transfer of 100% of the capsule classification from oncological assistive drugs to gas double blood supplementes, without restriction; the adjustment of Acapo sugar tablets from Healthcare Group B to Class A; the removal of adaptive restrictions on cyclosultanol capsules, his capacitates, and Xingles.
Internationalization will make a breakthrough in 2017. 1) The company ' s international certification process is now well advanced and has completed the submission of adanda applications to the U.S. fda by the head of the luxurious needles, which is expected to pass in three quarters; 2) his Kmos capsule clinical research abroad has been launched, and clinical trials are now well under way.
1. Huadong Medicine (0009663): In the light of the new opportunities of history, Jin 3. Huadong Medicine (0009663): Cost control has been effective, Chinese Medicine (0009663): 100 million new bases have been put into production.
Stable growth in performance (2016-08-19)
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.