Tax-free sales from the island increased by 184 per cent in October, and sales reached $20 billion in January-October — China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
According to the customs statistics of the sea mouth, duty-free sales from 1 to 31 October amounted to $3.41 billion, the same month being the highest single-month record of duty-free sales since the New Deal was introduced on 1 July. Tax-free sales from the island in July, August and September amounted to $2.49 billion, $3.09 billion and $3.02 billion, respectively.
The trend towards a strong and explosive increase in the sale of duty-free goods in October has not changed. ..in October, the unit price was close to $7,000, nearly double the customs data for sea ports at the end of 2019, and the number of duty-free shopping persons leaving the island in October was 493,000, an increase of 50.8 per cent.
In October, tax-free sales amounted to $3.41 billion, and it can be measured that the per capita per capita rate of exemption from the island in October was the lowest/highest in a year: 6917 dollars, an increase of 95.3 per cent compared with $3542 at the end of 2019.
One of the central factors behind the current outbreak of growth is the rapid and immediate rise in the price of the New Deal-led passenger unit. The main reasons are the elimination of the high-priced commodity mailing tax and a significant increase in the number of cosmetics purchases.
In July-October, the Customs Department of China managed a total of 12.11 billion yuan in duty-free sales off the island, an increase of 214.1 per cent over the same period. In January-June this year, despite the impact of the epidemic, duty-free sales from the island reached 7.5 billion yuan, an increase of 13.1 per cent over the same period.
From November to December, when the sales season was going to be a good one, it was expected to continue to grow so that the tax-exempt business income of the Department could be 30 billion dollars a year, or more than one times that of the year. The tax-free New Deal led to a 1.6-fold increase in the sale of cosmetics and a three-fold increase in the sale of luxury goods.
For the month of July-October, the sales of cosmetics amounted to $5.82 billion, an increase of 164.5 per cent, or 48.5 per cent of the total duty-free sales off the island.
The combined sales of luxury goods, represented by watches and jewellery, amounted to $2.92 billion, representing 24.3 per cent of total duty-free sales off the island, a significant increase of 7 percentage points from the pre-New Deal period.
• Strong corporate performance, four quarters or continuation of a high growth trend, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating
The net return profits were $5.215 billion, $10.203 billion and $13.201 billion, respectively, representing an increase of 12.7 per cent in the same year, and the expected reduction in the rent on the ground, 2020-09-01, and a 240 per cent increase in sales in July, excluding the entire year from leaving the island.
The tax-free sale of $3.41 billion in October, an increase of 184.2 per cent in the same year, peaked on the national holiday, reaching $3.4 billion in October, the highest level in the second half of the year. According to Customs, tax-free sales from the island from 1 to 31 October amounted to $3.41 billion, an increase of 184.2 per cent in the same year.
Thanks to the fire and promotional activities of the Hong Kong China Tourism Market on the occasion of the National Day, October became a tax-free market off the island, and the New Deal has recorded a single-month tax-free sale since its inception on 1 July. In July, August, and September, free sales to the island amounted to $2.49 billion, $3.09 billion and $3.02 billion, respectively.
The increase in sales in October was not more than two times that of the third quarter, but it remained relatively high, with tax-exempt sales showing strong and volatile growth. The demand for tax-exempt payments remained high, with sales growing more rapidly after the October sale than the national holiday.
One week is the season of the Golden Week of the National Day, and the Seagate Customs Department has published data showing that on October 1-8, Hainan is off the island with a tax-free purchase value of $1.04 billion, an increase of 148.7 per cent over the same period. On this basis, it can be calculated that the tax-free annual holiday sales amount to 30.5 per cent of the total monthly sales for the month of October.
Previously, investors feared that the tax-free sale of the National Day holiday was a reflection of a concentration of demand by tourists at the end of the year, and that the tax-free sales announced on the National Day holiday had not increased more than twice the increase since three quarters, and that subsequent sales might have declined.
Sales grew by 184 per cent, and were also higher than the 149 per cent holiday on National Day, which, in our view, indicates that the demand for duty-free shopping by tourists has been sustained and has not been eroded by the concentration of a gold week; and that the high growth cycle of duty-free sales has been sustained by overlapping policy dividends with demand releases.
In October, the unit price reached $6917, nearly double the value of $3542 at the end of 2019. According to the customs service, the monthly tax-free sales amounted to $3.41 billion, according to which the average per capita rate of free passenger in October from the island rose to $6917, or 4.8 per cent over September, an increase of 95.3 per cent compared to $3542 at the end of 2019.
Since the second half of this year, exemption from taxes on the island has been able to achieve a high rate of outbreak growth, the most central factor being the rapid and immediate rise in the single price of shoppers since the introduction of the New Deal, which has risen monthly since July to $6917 in October, almost double the price of the single price of 2019, which was not implemented by the New Deal.
The elimination of the tax on high-value merchandise and the substantial increase in cosmetic purchases have been immediately reflected in the increase in the price of the passenger unit. The non-payment of high-value postage taxes on the merchandise of the dollar has led to a significant jump in the sales of luxury items such as suitcases, watches, jewellery, etc.; and (2) a drop in the number of perfumed products from 12 to 30 (an increase in the number of single purchases) from the original sales of more than 60%.
150%), which led to a rapid increase in the purchase of perfumed products, which led to a significant increase in the overall unit price. In March, January-October, duty-free sales from the island were nearly $20 billion, an increase of 87% over the same period, according to Seagate Customs, from 1 July to 31 October, four months after the New Deal for Tax-Free Countries was implemented.
In January-June of this year, despite the impact of the epidemic, customs statistics at the mouth of the sea indicated that the first half of the year had been exempted from the island.
The tax achieved a sales value of $7.5 billion, a 13.1 per cent increase compared to the previous quarter, thanks mainly to the start of the second quarter, the rapid recovery of the off-island tax exemption with policy support and strong marketing efforts, and a more than one-fold increase in the second quarter, so that in January-October of this year, the cumulative tax on off-island sales amounted to $19.51 billion, compared to 19.5 billion a year earlier.
The increase of $10.46 billion in October was 87%, and this year's limited tourism activity was very difficult and unexpected. The New Deal led to a 1.6-fold increase in the sale of cosmetics and a three-fold increase in the sale of luxury goods.
The sales volume of cosmetics increased 1.4 times, the sales increased 1.6 times, and the sales volume and values were the highest. Seagate customs statistics show that the sales of cosmetics for the period from July to October were among the highest for duty-free products off the island during the same period. Of these, sales of cosmetics reached 1,078,000 items, an increase of 144.6 per cent over the same period; sales of $5.82 billion, an increase of 164.5 per cent over the same period.
From July to October, sales in the off-island tax-exempt category were ranked second and third, respectively, in watches and jewellery.
The sales volume was 1.47 billion yuan and 1.45 billion yuan, representing an increase of 353.8 per cent and 404.7 per cent in the same year, respectively. The combined sales of luxury goods represented by watches and jewellery amounted to 2.92 billion yuan, representing an increase in the share of total duty-free sales off the island over the same period to 24.3 per cent, compared with 17.5 per cent before the New Deal was introduced in June.
In November and December, sales increased more than threefold, with tax-free earnings from the island rising one-fold throughout the year.
In addition, the free-of-stock San Phoenix airport exit duty-free shop is expected to open by the end of the year, and duty-free from the island will continue during the last two months of the year. In anticipation of the end-of-year sales season, the stores in Sanya and Haiguchi will be opened by the end of September.
With more than 10 international front-line brandies in place, and with more reserve capacity, duty-free sales from the island will continue with high sales and high growth rates in October. According to China’s three-quarterly quarterly report, we estimate that tax-free company revenues from off-island operations in the last three quarters have been met.
Around $19.3 billion (including the sale of taxed goods). In the fourth quarter, sales in October had reached $3.4 billion, and sales in the November-December season were expected to continue on a larger or slightly larger scale in October, which would allow a four-quarter tax-exempt company to be expected to earn $10.5-110 billion from off-island operations.
In China, the three-quarterly report shows a revenue of $35.138 billion in the first three quarters, a decrease of 281% in the same year; net profits of $3.164 billion, a decrease of 24.93% in the same year. In the third quarter, the company achieved a revenue of $15.829 billion, an increase in the same year.
Quarterly performance growth exceeded expectations, indicating that the acceleration of company performance driven by tax-free breakout growth from the island was positive, and that, against a backdrop of near-stagnating international air routes at the airport, the company’s direct day-to-day mail operations showed an alarming surge that could well offset the negative impact of high airport bottom rents, exceeding market expectations.
Continued direct mail, cdf member purchases, etc., significantly alleviates the sales difficulties of airport duty-free shops caused by a sharp drop in the number of incoming and outgoing passengers. On the basis of the q3 company’s net return of $2.2 billion, it can be deduced that the direct mail service continues to make a positive profit on the full base of the airport’s rent.
Based on the company’s excellent performance in three quarters of duty-free and straight-on-the-island operations, which led to over-performance, robust performance, and expected to continue and grow further in four quarters, we have revised the company’s profit forecast upwards to anticipate a company’s rebound risk, tax-free sales below the expected risk, and corporate business risks.