Policy dividend release, q3 performance
According to the General Customs Department, as of 19 October, the customs service has been monitoring duty-free purchases off the island, amounting to $10.85 billion, 16.28 million pieces and 14.39 million customers, representing an increase of 218.2 per cent, 142.0 per cent, and 58.5 per cent, respectively, in comparison with the implementation of the New Deal.
Purchase + member purchases and wholesale operations contribute about half of the remaining income, with the ring and year-on-year increases of nearly 40%. But the Māori rate will rise steadily against a background of low and exchange rate improvements.
\triangleright, based on historical data, q4 passenger throughput at the main airport in Hainan usually increases by 10% over the q3 ring ratio (e.g. 19 ring + 12%), so that in the case of other parameters, it is theoretically possible to expect that the q4 off-island sales should theoretically be tax-free.
A 10-12% increase over q3 (equivalent to about 110 million yuan per day) and further consideration of the monthly increase in the rate of conversion of duty-free shopping off the island this year, as well as a monthly improvement in the drop in passenger traffic at the q3 and Phoenix airports, we expect to see an average of 130 million yuan worth of sales on China-South Day as short-term business disturbances are eliminated and tax-free supplies are kept up.
Without taking into account the impact of the potential airport rent return, we have raised the company ' s net profit to $5.3 billion in 2020, but we're not going anywhere, which is 68/39/27. Although the company ' s short-term valuations are higher than historical and industry averages, given the liberalization of the off-island tax-exempt policy and the prospect of tax-exempt policies in the successor countries, the industry is still at a high rate of growth.
Considers that the company's current valuation is expected to absorb the high growth performance, recommends focusing on improvements in the off-island duty-free supply chain, as well as on progress in tax-exempting policies within the country, and maintains a “recommended” rating.
2. China’s Central Free (601888), which continues to work on the front line, is experiencing a steady increase in the number of people living in the country who are living in poverty, as well as in the number of people living in poverty and the number of people living in the country who live in poverty.
The company's duty-free business off the island is expected to accelerate the airline's work on equity investments, and the authors, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, are expected to use data from compliance channels to ensure that the reports are reported.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,