China Free China (601888); Exempted q3 performance from off-island q3 brightness, full-year growth with policy dividends: company performance announcement for the third quarter of 2020, generating business income of 35.138 billion yuan, compared to the previous year
China is now the leader of duty-free retailing in China, with its activities dominated by the sale of duty-free goods, mainly tobacco, alcohol, perfume, and the rise in tax-free movement off the island, which is the main underpinning of the recovery in performance. The “Seven new rules” exempt the off-island tax.
The pull effect of the company’s deep-drawing off of the island’s duty-free market, and the main business continue to be good. The new regulations, as of 30 September, amount to $8.61 billion, or 227.5%, of duty-free purchases off the island, against this background.
Thus, the company q3 achieved revenues of 15.829 billion yuan, compared to 38.97 per cent, ring to +35.6 per cent, supported by growth in the previous three seasons. The tax-free purchases from the island on 1 and 8 October amounted to $1.040 billion. The average tax-free sales per day were well above the July-September level, and the stimulus of the policy was doubled during the holidays.
Tax-free shopping amounts to about $1.2 billion, compared to +231%, and sales continue to grow at a high rate, supporting the year’s performance, against the background of the end of the holiday factor and the recent contraction in discounts. With the onset of winter, Hainan is entering the tourist season, and we believe that the company’s tax-exempt operations are expected to leave the island in four quarters.
Policy benefits have led to an optimal commodity structure and attraction of passenger flows, resulting in a significant increase in profitability. The "Seven New Regulations" have increased the number of tax-exempt varieties in seven major categories, such as alcohol, mobile phones, etc., and removed the $8,000 limit on individual items, bringing business together.
The sale of luxury boxes, wristwatches and precious jewellery with a higher rate of Maori has increased significantly over the same period, but has been influenced by a greater discount, with a small drop in the q3 ratio ring. The Māori rate is expected to improve with the tightening of discounts and the expansion of fine products and high-end brands.
This led to a decline in corporate advertising, which combined airport channels that were blocked from marketing magnifying under the effects of the epidemic, and a decrease in sales costs for the previous three quarters, ranging from 6 pct. to 25.25 per cent, with a significant increase in company profitability from q3 to 16.18 pct, resulting in a significant improvement in the net return to the mother, q3 to +141.2 per cent.
The potential of the domestic duty-free market remains enormous as our tax-exempt economies are gradually released. The introduction of new players has led to increased competition in the industry, cooperation between domestic tax-exempt and power platforms and international tax-exempt operators or a blow to the entire industry.
The company’s pre-eminence, its competitive edge in supply chains and operational capabilities, will give priority to benefiting from the industrial dividends from the return of overseas consumption. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: a policy-driven and sustained rapid growth of tax-exempted China-South Island is expected.
The source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in the east, the source of the boom in the east, the source of the financial boom in China (601888).
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China is exempt (601888) from duty-free q3 from the island, and the policy dividend is growing year-round.
Studies in the areas of catering tourism, tax exemption and education, and consumption and strategy studies in the Hong Kong Unit, currently in the social services sector, with emphasis on education and training, human resources services, catering hotels, brigades
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.