The Sini Shan Billion has led to a high rate of growth in tax-exempt operations off the island.
From 1 July to 30 September, the first full quarter of the implementation of the New Deal for the Exemption of Hainan Island was marked by customs control of $8.61 billion (+227.5%) in duty-free purchases off the island.
During the same year, Sanya will create two new municipal tax-free shops, cruise tours and Chinese uniforms, and a market data centre: October 27, 2020, Phoenix Airport tax-free shops, which will be exempted from operation.
The future area is expected to continue to expand, creating greater space for duty-free sales off the island.
Basic data: Revenue from duty-free off-island operations is expected to grow in the same year during the year. Four quarters of the season is the traditional Hainan tourist season, the opening hours of the excursion are still uncertain, and Hainan is still winter-friendly.
Services are preferred as tourist destinations. Given the introduction of new brands for future duty-free off-island operations, and the rise in the contribution of the sale of high-origin luxury goods to overall profits, we anticipate that the company’s consumption needs will fall short of the expected risks in 2020-2022, respectively; the risk of exchange rate fluctuations; and the policy pushback away from the expected risks.
Research assistant: Zhang Xiaojun (Samen Service) China Travel (60188.sh) 2020 report point evaluation: o2 performance is a gain and loss, duty-free off the island
Reverse growth (2020-8-28) Central China State Center, 28 Jin Rixi Street, Beijing City, 7th Tier Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
The performance of the company's three-quarterly reports is $2.353 billion and $1,182 million. The significant growth is mainly due to the introduction of the new tax-exempt regulations for the island in July, which led to a significant increase in duty-free sales from Hainan Island, with a higher rate of revenue from luxury goods, jewellery, wristwatches, and fine clothing, and a q3 loss in the second quarter.
1.1 The duty-free off-island policy accelerates the release of tax-exempt dividends, with a positive increase in overall revenue growth in the second half of the year.
Since its introduction, the tax exemption has been extended to a cumulative annual consumption of $100,000 per person, adding seven new categories of electronic consumer goods to the original category and increasing the number of consumer shopping people. The liberalization of the exemption policy has been particularly effective. In the first full quarter of the New Deal, from 1 July to 30 September, the Customs Department of Hainan Island regulated a total of $8.61 billion (+227.5 per cent) in duty-free purchases off the island. Two new municipalities will be created in Sanya during the same year.
On October 5th, Alibaba announced that it would go to the world’s largest duty-free retailer, the dufry group.
In the future, the joint venture will open luxury branding niches in several airports and shopping malls in the country. Retail giants and tax-exempt giants hold hands and expect a large number of cross-border consumers for the client group, which is different from the target client group for duty-free operations.
The company’s performance was reversed in the second quarter, with high performance growth in the third quarter, with a positive growth in revenue from duty-free off-island operations during the year. Four quarters of the year was a season of traditional sea-south tourism, with open hours for outbound trips still uncertain, a second wave of outbreaks in more parts of the world, and Henan’s preferred destination for winter leisure services.
For the increase in the overall profit contribution, we expect that the company will be able to produce the present report independently and objectively in 2020-2022, ps. 2.64 ff. 5.64, corresponding to the company's closing down on October 27, risk of macroeconomic fluctuations; consumer demand below expected risk; risk of change driven by tax-exempt policies; exchange rate risk; and an overseas epidemic that exceeds expectations. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.