New times, new methods, group coordination to inject new momentum Sino-Bank (601998.sh) Investment rating: buy-in (first time)
• Started with a post-reform and open business boom, 36 years of evaporation as the first stock company to be listed as a plush after the five major lines, with a stronger public customer base, retail operations entering a more rapid transformation period; significant improvements in asset quality, coupled with full-licensed group empowerment, resulted in an increase in operations
The amount of space is expected to open, and the value of the restoration space is larger. We expect its net profit from 2023-2025 to be a new game: running for public continuity, retail speed lifts.
And at the end of the debt line, the focus has been on the finer operations of clients in recent years — strategic clients have a higher credit contribution, with government agencies and micro-clients focusing on deposits and loan ends, respectively. The Treasury Management System, launched in 2023 as the first bank in the industry, helped to create a first-class financial system for the company's clients.
Retract lending operations, depositing low-cost deposits. Retailing: entering power accelerates the conversion period. Following the “retail first” strategy, the contribution of retail banking increased to 41.4% by the end of June 2023, and the pre-tax profit contribution rose to 26.5%.
• New dynamics: polishing “collaborative” business cards, building three core competencies The group has the first gold license plate in the country, and, with the group's ability, the Sino-Bank Bank is expected to build three core competencies: 1, wealth management: becoming the core and strategic pillar of the “new retail” map.
Cross-sales contribute about a quarter of the aum increase. Public-private partnerships: private and e-business are the main positions, and private industry aum accounts for about aum retail; e-wages effectively drive public-based customers.
2. Asset management: assets management capacity can be upgraded over time, building on the financial licensing advantages of the credit and bank; synergies with Chinese securities have been opened in areas such as fof.
It is hoped that China’s capital, Hua Loongamc, will continue to give credit to the banks’ risk management. It started with reform and opening up, rising from 1.1 to 1.1 in 36 years, with an earlier listing of a+h.
Founded in the post-reform, open business movement, which led to the early completion of the trilogy of “Rename, stock change, listing.” In 1985, the China-China Business Bank, which became the country's first comprehensive commercial bank since the reform and opening of the country, was expanded to form the Ministry of Banking in China in 1987.
Mainly in foreign exchange, trade, business, etc., renaming and stock transformations were completed in 2005-2007, and at the end of 2007, the Bank ' s total assets were $8.9 trillion, ranking third in the list.
The “change” and “no change” of the Sino-Tribunal Bank — for the start-ups, for the business — for the retail trade, for the military financial management.
The State Council and the People's Bank agreed that the Sino-Consent Group, in the foundation of its Treasury Department, would insist that corporate banks be the main players, retail banks, and financial markets be the two-wing “one-wing” business.
The Sino-China Group applied to the People's Bank for “the transformation of the Bank Department of the Sino-China Group and the creation of the “Bank” with Pedo as the country's first sole owner”, which was the first reform and opening up of the country.
The three-year plan for 2018-2020 is to build corporate banks, retail banks,
In order to implement the strategy of “triple-tracking” of the three financial market segments, gradually developing in parallel with retail banks and corporate banking, the Bank's name has been changed from a Sino-Tin-Business Bank to a “Sino-Kin-Kin Bank”
Founded in Shanghai on 1 July 2020, registered with the share system, initiated by the Sino-China Group and the Sino-Kin Kim, and converted into the Sino-Kin Bank, Inc.
On the Shanghai Stock Exchange and on the main board of the Hong Kong United Exchange, China, the three-year plan 2021-2023 is to build three core competencies: wealth management, asset management, and integrated financing.
The acquisition of 70.32 per cent of the shares of the international financial holding company, the first financial holding company, the “Sino-Trust Control”, was founded in 1.2, under the direct authority of the State Department, the Chinese-Trust Group.
In June 2022, China-China-China-China-China-USC transferred its holdings of Sino-Tin-bank shares free of charge to Sino-Tin-Tin-Bank. As of the end of September 2023, Sino-Tin-Kin Bank shares of 64.14% had been held by Sino-Tin-Kin Bank and was the largest shareholder in Sino-Tin Bank.
The China-China Group and the China-China Group are one of the three leading state government companies (the other two are the National Iron Group and the China-China Investment Corporation), founded in 1979 by the then Vice-President of the country, Yong-in, with a strong background. The top 10 shareholders include the Chinese General Tobacco.
The Sino-Customs equity structure is stable, and the capital is strong, helping to maximize synergies and build a financial services system. Since then, I have been working with the Sino-Customs Bank, with a wealth of experience from branch to head office, and I am familiar with the Sino-Custom Bank.
President Liu Xing, with a strong government and regulatory background, has been a member of the Committee of the Bank of China since April 2018, a director of the Bank of China from April 2018 to November 2021, and a deputy secretary of the Committee of the Bank of China of the United States since February 2021.
To benefit from the early start-up period, the Bank has been able to open branch offices throughout the country, covering the network as of the end of June 2023.
Thirty-one provinces and municipalities in the interior. In the main developed economic circles, active service to Kyoto, the Long Triangle, the Great Bay region, and the four priority areas of the São Paulo Consensus has been coordinated, generating gains while effectively ensuring the safety of assets. In addition, the Sydney Representative Office, London Branch, was established in 2016 and 2019, respectively, to work towards the development of the international community.
At the end of the first half of 2023, the balance of loans was the highest in the area (28%) and the highest in the area (25%). At the rate of poor lending, all regions of the interior maintained less than 2% (2023h1), with a lower rate of poor long triangles, with poor rates in the sea, northeast and west areas having been effectively depressed in recent years.
Figure 4: Sino-Kind Bank branches spread across 31 provinces and municipalities in the interior (sizes of assets in the dark by branches at the end of 2023q2) Including branches of the affiliated companies, BN (international) branch) Figure 5: Distribution of loan balances by region, with a greater share of the Long Triangle and the Rim Sea region
New game: running on a public basis, retail speed lifts 2.1. On a public level: the bottom colour is clear and resilient 2.1.1. On a table: building a chassis of public loans and effective access to public deposits
As a result of the boom in business and the demand for public loans, the Bank of Sino-China launched a strategy in 2005 to “bring together, retail + gold” to seize historical opportunities for a rapid expansion of public business and achieve better results.
Over 80% of contributions were received, and the share of public loans in total loans in 2007-2008 was over 80%. As the marginal rebound rose to 50.93%, public loans continued to play a role in the recovery of real financing needs.
In addition, priority areas such as green credit, strategic and emerging industries, manufacturing medium- and long-term, inclusive finance, and rural revitalization have been growing at a high rate, driving the increase in public lending in the first half of the year to its highest level since 2008 (new half-yearly).
The advantage of “public coercion” is also reflected at the end of the debt, where the ratio of public deposits has always been higher. At the end of 2007 to the end of June 2023, the ratio of public deposits to public deposits was consistently higher than 70%, the ratio being the highest among listed banks.
The annual ratio of public loans has continued to decline, but there has been no significant decline in the ratio of public deposits, with 73.72% at the end of 2023q2, the sixth-highest listed bank, and more sticky and sedimentary channels for public clients.
Figure 11: The ratio of public deposits to public deposits continues to be over 70 per cent. Figure 13: The ratio of public deposits to public deposits is 6th in the upper market (end of 2023q2) 2.1.2 Clients: precise management, large and small customer "two scratches"
There are four main categories for public clients, but the properties of the loan are different. In order to dig deep into the incremental space of business, Sino-China has focused in recent years on the finer management of its clients, dividing them into four categories: large clients, government and institutional clients, small and medium-sized clients, and small and medium-sized enterprises.
Households have stronger deposit-end attributes, contributing about a third of their public deposits; micro-clients have a strong loan profile, contributing about half of their public loans; and large clients (like strategic clients) have a relatively high contribution to their loan deposits.
* Proportion; basic client identifiers have deposits of $100,000 or more to a public client; valid customer means an average daily deposit of $500,000 or more to a public customer; strategic customer: loan deposits have a double contribution and multiple dimensions of cooperation.
In addition, strategic clients’ cooperation with banks is not limited to loan deposits, but also includes services such as integrated finance, wealth management, and trading banks.
Governments and institutional clients: the end-of-contribution profile is stronger, the asset quality of the loan is superior. This group of clients has more financial deposits, settlement deposits, and contributions to the group’s average daily deposits are higher than 30% (end 2023-06).
32.37%) has been declining over time in recent years. Although the contribution of government loans to institutional clients has been relatively low, the contribution of small micro-enterprises has increased significantly in recent years.
In recent years, the Bank of Credit has incorporated inclusive finance-related indicators into its branch performance portfolio, assessed and kept its weight above 10%, and continued to create micro-credit products, with micro-enterprises lending at 2.1.3 per cent, on the outside: deposit promotion by trust + settlement, and trading banks emerging.
With the market’s number one new custodian size, it is effective to achieve “deposit-for-deposit” effectively. Hostage operations are effective and account for demand deposits, which have become one of the bank’s priorities in recent years.
The size of the trust has passed 13 trillion yuan, resulting in more than 3.5 billion yuan in revenue; of this, 1.5 trillion yuan was added to the facility’s portfolio, which is the first place on the market. The effect of the deposit is that the Chinese bank’s savings in 2022 accounted for an average of 345.7 billion yuan, or 7 per cent of the group’s savings.
In early 2022, the State Finance Committee of the State Council issued an Opinion on Promoting the Construction of the Central Business Accelerating Treasury System to Further Strengthen Financial Management, which calls for the development of Treasury.
Since the banks work closely with China, they have a natural advantage in treasury-building. Sino-Bank responded positively by issuing the system of “Tian Won Treasury” services on 24 February 2023, which marks the first commercial bank in the industry with the capacity to provide integrated services to the treasury system.
“The treasurer” helps to create a first-class financial system for public clients, making it a win-win business for banks. With a firm’s deep-seated capacity, business processing can be more efficient, allowing banks to interact with each other in good ways, thus turning back to nurturing.
Traditional lending operations can also bring banks into transactions such as hosting, clearing, etc., thereby settling low-cost deposits, contributing significantly to lower deposit costs and contributing value to the development of Sino-Kind banks. 2.2, retail: entry speeds up the conversion period.
2.2.1. Strategies: The emphasis on retail transformation has been increasing in the context of the strategy of “retail first” strategy. Banking in 2015 faced the challenges of slower economic growth, continued marketization of interest rates, lower benchmark interest rates, and commercial banks seeking retail transformation.
Credit banks are no exception, and the strategic emphasis on retailing has been increasing since 2015. A two-pronged strategy was introduced in 2015: “One” for the public and “two” for the retail + gold market; a three-way drive for the public + retail + gold market was launched in 2018; and a “Retail First” strategy was proposed by the chairman of the United Kingdom in 2021 to foster “rich management”.
Retail operations have entered a period of accelerated transformation in terms of the benefits of the transition. As the emphasis on retail sales has increased, the Sino-Bank has accelerated the layout, system building, system support, and resource allocation have taken a series of measures.
In 2004, the contribution of retail banking increased significantly, resulting in a more balanced income structure and a lighter development model, while resisting the contribution of retail banks in the economic cycle.
Pre-tax profit contributions from retail banks 2.2.2, Table: Retail lending structure balanced, asset quality robust Retail loans maintained at more than 40%, contributing to a steady spread of interest.
In terms of the priority allocation of resources, the Bank has set the medium- and long-term goal of achieving a ratio of retail to public credit assets of more than 1:1, i.e., retail loans were no less than fair. By the end of June 2023, retail loans accounted for a balanced growth of mortgages, operating loans, and consumer loans.
After 2010, the credit structure favoured mortgages (which once accounted for nearly 80% of retail loans) and focused on the expansion of non-house retail loans, with business loans and credit cards as a priority. Credit card ratios declined slightly, with mortgages, business loans, and consumer loans forming a balanced development.
Retail lending assets are of better quality than comparable counterparts. The quality of retail lending assets in the middle of the second half of 2023 continued to be excellent, with only 1.08% of the assets in the middle of the second half of 2023, although rising marginally, still better than in most trades, and the development of retail loans effectively balanced the “quantitative” and “qual” dimensions.
As a result of the introduction of the “New Credit Card Regulations”, the banking sector generally faces problems such as slower credit card growth and asset quality fluctuations, but the credit card failure rate at the end of June 2023 was only 2.04 per cent, which is lower among its counterparts.
Figure 29: Credit card failures in 2022 are lower among the partners (%) 2.2.3, clients: priority is given to overseas operations, seniors, three major groups of merchants, and CSCB is given priority to overseas operations, seniors, and three major groups of merchants.
In this context, Sino-Bank has developed a two-pronged approach, which has brought to the fore both indebtedness and aum (1) a “public-private partnership” with strong corporate resources that will turn public-sector customers into retail customers.
There is no shortage of middle- and high-value clients such as career managers, private business owners, etc.: (2) Focus on client stratification, such as the transformation of the focus group of customers into expatriate, senior, commercial travel clients, and by the end of June 2023, 1034/2220/161.8 million households, respectively.
Figure 31: Three groups of eco-prisoners leaving the country, older persons, and commercial travel are growing. Debt catchers: personal deposits in the first half of 2023 are at their highest levels since 2008. With the consolidation of the client base, the Sino-Kin Bank liability has increased. 88% of the savings balance increase in 2022.
The growth in aum was driven by the fact that, at the end of the first half of 2023, the Sino-United Bank retailed $4.15 trillion, an increase of 5.90 per cent over the end of 2022. The size of the aum was second only to the listing bank, followed only by the monthly average balance of $99.25 billion, and third only by the listing bank and the Bank of Peace.
The creation of banks to host the customer’s preferred wealth management is expected to generate a sustained and high increase in retail receipts. 2.2.4, off-the-shelf: the share in retail sales is over 60 per cent; the contribution of retail banks is over 60 per cent; bank cards and custodians are the main business.
In the structure of the fees and commissions, the bank card fees were consistently the largest, at 39.14% at the end of June 2023.
Figure 35: Retail bank charges and commission net revenue of 63 per cent (2023h1) Figure 36: Bank card ratio of fees and commission revenue (2023h1) New impetus: polishing “collaborative” business cards, building three core competencies
In March 2022, China became the first gold-control company in the country, and the Bank was given a good opportunity to develop. On September 13, 2020, the Central Bank issued the Pilot Scheme for the Supervision and Management of Financial Holdings, which was established in mid-March 2022.
Being the country's first licensed gold-control company, it plays an important role in providing strong integrated financial services to Sino-Bank banks. Generally speaking, there are two main models of gold-control: the “big-control” model: the application of an enterprise group as a gold-control group to directly manage a financial subsidiary;
Headquarters is directly responsible for the overall strategy and portfolio of the financial sector.
The Sino-Confiscal Control is based on the “small gold control” model, with full intra-group financial plates. The Sino-Consent Group has a larger number of financial plates, which are directly managed by the group, and the “small gold control” model of the second-level holding sub-group facilitates centralization.
In June 2022, after the Sino-Credit company transferred its holdings of Sino-Credit shares free of charge, Sino-Cin-Cin-Cin-Cin-Cin held 64.18% of its shares directly, making it the first major shareholder of Sino-Cin-Cin.
As full-licensed financial companies, the Sino-Trust Group can integrate all financial assets under the umbrella, in collaboration with the development of banking, securities, insurance, asset management, etc., and open up barriers to public finance and transform group and bank customers. Under the Group’s enabling capacity, the Sino-Trust Bank proposes to invest in wealth management, finance, etc.
Three core competencies: production management, integrated financing. The following elements of this section will be built around these three core competencies. Figure 38: CSB is a third-tier financial subsidiary (end 2023q3) under CCM. 3.2, the first core capacity - wealth management
Wealth management is the central and strategic pillar of the “new retail” map, and the first link in the value chain. In the context of the general trend of the banking sector toward light assets and high-quality development, and in the context of the growing financial needs of Chinese residents and the upgrading of personal financial services, banks are constantly focusing on wealth management, and the Chinese banks are catching up.
The “New Retail Year” of Sino-Kind Bank aims to build a “new retail panorama” of the value chain, namely, “Afford Management - Asset Management: A Comprehensive Financing” and to create a new “12345” approach. The Sino-Kind Bank proposes a “roll-out” for wealth management, with three main levers that must be used: “Cluster Integration, Public-Private Linkages, Group Collaboration.”
3.2.1, Block integration: one fourth of the aum increase in retail cross-sales contributions. Retail cross-sales models have worked well, contributing about one fourth of the aum increase in 2022. The difficulty of the retail cross-sales model is usually due to cross-sectoral cooperation in business. To facilitate the integration of business modules, Sino-banking has been instrumental in facilitating the integration of business segments.
In terms of institution-building, in mid-2022, credit banks made significant efforts to organize themselves in order to break down the original product channels, the vertical sector logic from a client's point of view; in terms of customer operations, they focused on the goal of “good service, large retail aum”, targeting high net worth and entrepreneurs.
Retail cross-sales reached $100 billion in 2022 and contributed up to 23% to aum increment, with a new engine for retail growth.
Aum, a subsidiary, and thus a significant decline in its share in 2021)) 3.2.2. Public-private partnerships: private and protagonist banks focus on the “five-man” customer relationships of the private sector, improving the capacity of specialized services in both the public and private sectors
It works as a link between the public and retail sectors, where the private sector and the business community are the main players: the Cloud Company focuses on individual, family, and enterprise-wide services.
The services system, which combines the bankers with the "2023 bankers of excellence in financial innovation" award. Since new and capable entrepreneurs are not only the main growth points for private bankers, the new dynamic firms behind them will also provide a vast space for growth in public business.
In mid-2022, CBSC selected the first strategic and business clients to set up a system of office services for the “person-home-business-social” enterprises through the formation of a cross-subsidiary “n+1” 13 exclusive service team.
At the end of June 2023, private bank clients reached 7.09 million, with a monthly average of $992.484 billion in private banks, accounting for about a quarter of retail sales.
In the first half of 2023, 135,000 new business start-ups grew by 8.41%.
Pay card products, the exclusive position of the online payroll group, and the online happiness union continue to reach their clients, increasing user stickyness. According to data disclosed in 2016-2019, the payroll client retailed aum to 3.2.3, group collaboration: the "Middle Trust" was introduced under the credit control.
On the organizational shelf, CCM has a relatively complete wealth management structure and is expected to empower the bank. After its establishment, CCM brings together its subsidiaries to form a wealth management committee and to establish a three-tier investment bank, asset allocation, retail system-building sub-committees, covering the entire chain of wealth management.
The product configuration and the CSK are two main studios, focusing on investment and product screening. The CSK is a large-scale asset mix created jointly by the United Csin, CS, CSIP, and the Huaxia Foundation. The CSQ is committed to selecting high-quality companies, fund managers, and products throughout the market.
With the integration of resources from CCM, the strategic layout of wealth management presents an internal synergy and an external ecological combination of “inner operating channels, mutual recognition, product connectivity, and service sharing among the clients of the subsidiaries. In February 2023, the CCM led the official launch of the Sino-Trust Wealth Square built by the subsidiaries, which has enabled the subsidiaries to apply to each of them.
In terms of product type, it is mainly a growth-mixed fund, focusing on the broad asset allocation of “long-term mastery”. 3.3. Second core competency — asset management
The asset management business is a central link in the new retail transformation value chain of Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sulti, primarily based on trust in silver-Sinai.
trillion yuan, of which the new product size is 1.53 trillion yuan, or about 96 per cent. Moreover, the channel is in the forefront of the industry, and the first stock manager to own a direct sales application is the IBSA. Roe (annualized) 19.10 per cent was achieved in the first half of 2023, and the latest consolidated banking capacity was released in the third quarter of 2023.
Issues, benefits, operating management, investor service systems, disclosure regulations, etc. 3.3.2, Sino-Portables: The advantage of Sino-Kind Bank is that Sino-Kind Bank has initiated collaboration in the field of fof and co-operation in the field of fof to carry out customized needs of over-high net customers.
Sales channels and a rich pool of high net-value customers are short-lined in terms of investment and services. By contrast, Sino-Portal securities have been fully licensed and operated in a combination of securities, funds, futures, foreign exchange, etc., with product overlays, full product lines such as solid harvests, blends, equity, but the group has relatively little access, and they are subject to a combination of third-party deposits.
The management system, which is not fully functional, makes it difficult to absorb the client’s assets. Considering the growing demand for portfolio management, Sino-Sin-Sin-Sin-Sin-Sin-Sin-Sin-Sin-Sin is working with Sino-Sin-Sin-Sin-Sin-Sin-Sin-Sin-Sin-Son Bank in November 2020 to combine the investment power of Sino-Sin-Sin-Sin-Fof managers with the needs of Sino-Sin-Sin-Sin-Sin’s clients, and to develop asset allocation plans for clients to carry them.
3.4, 3rd Core Capability - Integrated Financing
Fully linked and mutually supportive, promoting business models for public business `banks + investors + capital management'. Integrating finance includes, inter alia, co-financing models and risk control aspects: 3.4.1, co-financing: more than credit, more than banks.
The model of co-financing was created with the advantage of a subsidiary under the Sino-China flag. In 2019, the Sino-China Consortium was set up under the Sino-Sin-Sin flag, in collaboration with agencies such as Sino-Sin-Son Securities, the Sino-Sin-Trust Trust, SIL, etc. to provide one-stop services such as financing, M & A, listing, bond underwriting, etc. for the listing of enterprises, i.e., unique "combined"
By the end of the year, 2.04 per cent had been increased; joint financing by financial affiliates in the consortium was $98 trillion, exceeding the cumulative increase in financing over the same period, and became one of the main models for the provision of integrated financing services to enterprises by the Bank. Moreover, product-sector linkages were smoother, and investment-bank operations had been strengthened in a coordinated manner to provide capital markets on an ongoing basis.
A major success story of co-financing was the creation of finance, a “one customer, one Chinese letter.” At the beginning of 2023, Sino-Bank adapted the structure of the corporate finance block to create a special financial innovation centre, along with the head office.
The Ministry of Investment and Banking co-operates with the Ministry of Finance. The special feature of the project is collaboration: Sino-Custon consolidates the financial resources of the group's securities, insurance, equity investments, etc., and has launched the “Trust-Wide” service programme for service start-ups.
Business start-up provides comprehensive services that go beyond banking and beyond finance, forming a complete, continuous and integrated service programme around “people-house-business-society.” BCB provides the scale of financing around the enterprise's life cycle, which is reported at the end of the reporting period.
(b) Co-financing refers to the joint provision of various financial products services such as bond underwriting, loan M & A, equity investment, financial leasing, funds, etc., by the financial subsidiary of the Sino-Bank Consortium, which represents an increase during the reporting period)
3.4.2, Risk management: New models for coordinated risk resolution have been explored. In collaboration with the group companies, SILB has been successful in exploring new models for harmonized risk resolution.
In 2022, the Sino-Kin Bank successfully explored a new model for synergizing risks, demonstrating the Sino-Kin Group’s brand advantage, resource advantage, and corporate synergies, in collaboration with sister companies such as Sino-Chunchang and Hua-Hong, China, a project worth about $50 billion. In the first half of 2023, the Sino-Kin Bank co-directed its disposal.
On the evening of November 15, 2023, the Chinese government announced that it would change the name of the company to “China’s Sino-China Financial Assets Management.”
Sino-Customs Ltd., or “Sino-Trust Financial Assets”, means that Sino-Customs capture a country-wide mc licence with a high degree of scarcity, reflecting not only the value of the Sino-Custom brand, but also the further deepening of the Sino-Customs effect of integrated financial services, which helps Sino-Customs to strengthen risk control and disposal on the basis of their synergies.
The new period: steady gains in profitability, significant improvements in asset quality 4.1. Net profits are contributing factors: provision for >scale growth' tax revenues, pursuit of qualitative scale growth, with net profits growing at a rate that is a leader. Listed banks are facing a slowdown in revenue growth.
In the first three quarters of 2023, the Chinese bank turned negative, but the benefits were still in the same league, with net profits rising at the second highest level (9.49%) in the third quarter of 2023 compared to net profits on the market. We dismantled their net profits.
For the vov, which is different from the previous vov's scissors: the sum of the six is equal to the net profit vov) the subsidiary has a more stable profit, accounting for 4.72% of the group's net profit. As of the end of June 2023, the Bank of China-China had a total of 4.72%.
In the first half of 2023, the net profits of the five subsidiaries totalled RMB 2,974 million, accounting for 4.72% of the total profits of the group, of which the sum of the capital and the sum of the money was larger.
In 2012-2019, the concentration of risks in manufacturing went up and down. The wave of business after the reforms opened led to the emergence and expansion of a large number of manufacturing enterprises, with the Bank seizing the historic opportunity to develop manufacturing lending as its top priority.
Loans were invested (the share of manufacturing loans was consistently over 20 per cent until 2017). As a result of the collapse of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in 2011, there was a “triple drop” in excess capacity. Manufacturing, wholesale and retail operations deteriorated.
By 2019, real estate risks began to be exposed. As a result of the upturn in the housing landscape, the poor rate has risen significantly, and the quality of construction loans in the same industry chain has deteriorated.
4.2.2. Clearing the old: A number of key indicators are the best level since 2015. From 2019 to the present, Sino-Bank has for the fourth year in a row made “stable quality” one of the most important business themes. Six tables have been used to fine-tune its operations. Three tables are used for “controlling new” and to prevent new malpractices.
In addition, the “three tables” are used for “cleaning up” and removing historical baggage: the “New Control” three tables: White List System for New Client Access, the “four classifications” for stock customers, and Centrality Control.
Risk exposures in risk industries, such as real estate and non-insurer risks, have declined marginally. Moreover, further stringent concentration requires that the share of single largest and top ten clients lending has declined somewhat since 2020, effectively spreading credit risk, with a significant decline in unsound production rates since 2020.
Figure 55: Undesirable generation pressures have tended to decrease in recent years. In recent years, credit banks have improved the forward-looking nature of poor management while improving the efficiency of the management of written-off assets. Disposal has continued to increase through a variety of means, such as reorganization, write-off, transfer, etc.
Figure 57: Dispose of bad assets in a variety of ways (billions of yuan) Poor rates, concern rates, overdue rates, and provision coverage indicators have all reached their best levels since 2015. The year 2020 marks a turning point in terms of asset quality, with the first double drop in the negative "value rate" in 11 years.
The loan rate and the provision coverage are the best since 2015. The historical legacy of risk is largely cleared, and large-scale assets are effectively disposed of. As the negative rate continues to “double down”, the provision coverage continues to increase and the risk resilience is further enhanced in the case of the provision.
From 2021 onward, 11 consecutive quarters of anti-feeding profits have been positive, and the profit growth base is solid.1 On a scale: (1) on loans, Sino-Trust Bank, as the country ' s first equity company after the reform and opening of the country, has a stronger public-to-public base, combined with a relatively poor clean-up in recent years, manufacturing lending has risen to a marginal level, and infrastructure has risen.
On the one hand, in 2023, special State debt and the issuance of government debt were relatively strong, and it is hoped that the corresponding capital-type loans will be secured; on the other hand, on 20 December 2023, departments such as the General Directorate of Financial Supervision issued an opinion on the implementation of quality projects in manufacturing, which refers to “promoting the acceleration of manufacturing towards the higher end of the value chain”.
Together with the gradual recovery in the need for real enterprise finance, the overall growth in credit lending is expected to be positive. The respective deposits have contributed significantly. Fiscal deposits are expected to grow faster as government debt is issued with a premium: plus capital 3, fees and commission net revenue: the Bank opened the New Retail Year in 2022, with a focus on ongoing operations.
High-end customers, super-groups, retail sales models, and wealth management have greater scope for growth. We expect the Sino-Bank assets to improve at a marginal level of quality, the gold control model is expected to open up business growth space and value the potential for restoration. We have selected the remaining eight a-stock listing lines as a comparison, with Sino-Bank's current stock prices (2023-12-26).
Profit indicators (roe, same rate of increase in revenue, mother-to-child net profit increase) are significantly higher than comparable equity ratios, so there is much room for valuation restoration. Sino-Bank has a solid base for the public, effectively connects the asset and debt sides, and in recent years has been able to manage the client’s finer management, which is expected to continue its public advantage; under the group’s powers, it is expected that the public union will continue.
Combining and retailing cross-sales models are beginning to yield results: plus marginal improvements in asset quality, the valuation is reversible. First coverage is given with a “buy-in” rating. Collected prices; rose is annualized, weighted average net asset rate of return for the first three quarters of 2023)
Market risks: less than expected economic growth, weak demand for loans from enterprises and the residential sector, increased net interest income Operating risks: risks from business transformation: fluctuations in asset quality, etc.
Other risks: risks posed by force majeure, constraints on day-to-day operations, uncertainty about future developments