Yunnan White (000538) Pharmaceutical Biology "1+4+1" strategic advance, with new business opening up a second-growth curve, Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
In 2021, the company achieved a business income of $36.37 billion, an increase of 11.1 per cent, a net profit of $2.8 billion for mothers, a decrease of 49.2 per cent, a net profit of $3.34 billion for non-mortality, an increase of 15.2 per cent for the same year, a reduction in non-recurrent gains and a sharp increase in profits for the main business.
Euros, consisting mainly of investment returns of $13.5 billion, non-current asset disposal gains and losses of $620 million, government subsidies of $180 million, etc., apart from the overheads, $550 million in shares is paid. If net profit deductions are excluded from share payments, the net profit of the company’s main business is $3.89 billion, an increase of 29 per cent.
In the future, the company will focus further on the main industry, proactively reduce the scale of investment in traded financial assets, reduce investment receipts, and move steadily forward with the “1+4+1” strategy, with a second curve in the new business. By segment, industrial revenues will be 12.7 billion yuan (+8.4 per cent) and commercial revenues 23.580 billion (+12.4 per cent).
Il, the price of the new toothpaste series is moving the overall price. The market share of toothpaste is out of 23%, and for four consecutive years it has been the first in the market. The growing annual income of the youth-raising series has been more than 60%, with over 100 million dollars in revenue and 300 million yuan in 2022. In 2021, the company achieved medical beauty, dental care, and zero.
The distribution of health services and skin sciences is beginning to yield results. Oral care has introduced a variety of brand new products, Yunnan White, oral fluids, first real-time liquid ulcer - Yunnan Phenomenal Illus, etc.) Deep-deep drug collar development, 13.5% price increases for Yunnan dissipants, and the potential for the future will be further exploited around existing varieties.
In 2021, the cost of research and development was $330 million, an increase of 83% over the previous year, and the construction of a research and development centre.
With an investment of $1.55 billion, it will assume the functions of the Yunnan International Operations Centre, the Research and Development Centre, among others. The North Korean University-Yunnan International Centre for White Medicine officially unveils its medallion and collaborates on a project to identify strategic paths for companies, working in five areas: oncology, traumatology, pharmacology, oral medicine, and medical beauty.
In March 2022, the company agreed to increase Shanghai medicine to US$ 143.8 million, and to send two directors to the Shanghai Board of Medicine. By using the Shanghai Medical Quality Platform and industrial resources, it further expanded the resource advantages of Yunnan and seized the important opportunities for industrial integration.
At the same time, expanding the size of the main business, the existing industrial layout, improving overall operational efficiency and enhancing the core competitiveness and profitability of enterprises through regional complementarities and integration of logistics warehousing, procurement negotiations, variety agents, brand promotion and new drug development.
Yunnan White (000538), growth in the main industry is 25 times higher than growth in the main industry, 22 times 19 times higher than growth in the main industry.
Well, the Osteoporosis Section has a strong edge, and the Equity Incentives program has stimulated a significant increase in employee motivation, toothpaste and skin collar performance (2021-09-08) in the field of new products and projects, which are constantly on the ground, and companies can grow in the future.
3. Yunnan Pharmacy (000538), Investing in Shanghai Medicines, Uniting for Development (2021-05-16)
Assumption 1: the company has increased its downside in recent years, the core product of the Ministry of Health has opened up a four-line market for toothpaste, which has further increased its market share, and therefore is expected to increase in the volume of toothpaste sales in 2022-2024, respectively.
Assumption 2: The Yunnan White Drug Series in the Department of Pharmaceutical Industries benefits from the impact of destocking, downflowing channels, and sales are projected Scenario 4: The pharmaceutical business benefits from increased industry concentration, and the expected increase in the income from the distribution of medicines and devices in 2022-2024 has not been caused by, has not been caused by, nor will it receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.