The company's review report... the banking sector, the recruitment bank (600036.sh)
Recently, the company published a quarterly report in 2019. 2. Our analysis and judgment 1) net return profits increased by 11.32 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and retail financial services increased their contribution
During the first quarter of 2019, the company achieved operating income of $68.739 billion, an increase of 12.14 per cent over the same period; Zhang 1 latitude net profit of $25.240 billion, an increase of 11.32 per cent over the same period; and weighted average net asset rate of return reached
Overall, firm performance has grown steadily, and the value contribution of retail financial operations has continued to rise. In the first quarter of 2019, the parent retail financial business earned $34.506 billion, an increase of 17.72 per cent, or 53.98 per cent, of the parent company ' s operating income.
2) Improved asset liability structure and value-added tax (VAT) credit have contributed to a steady upturn in net interest differentials, benefiting from improved asset-liability structure and inclusive financial compliance value-added tax (VAT) credits, which have further widened. In the first quarter of 2019, net corporate interest differentials rose to 2.72 per cent, an increase of 0.17 per cent over the same period.
The asset-end structure provides information for the preparation of this report. The output is still dominated by loans and advances and the retail business advantage is evident, with a steady increase in size and share.
At the end of March of the year, corporate loans and advances totalled $4.13 trillion, an increase of 4.90 per cent compared with the end of the previous year. This represents an increase in the percentage of deposits, with a relatively high share of current deposits and a significant cost advantage. First, in 2019, the proportion of current deposits to total deposits was as high as 64.43 per cent.
3) In the first quarter of 2019, the company achieved a net non-interest income of $25,370 million, or 8.62 per cent, compared to the previous year. Of this, $19,158 million, or 1.25 per cent, was net fees and commissions;
In terms of net fees and commission revenue, data disclosed by the parent company show that the increase in proxy insurance income was 34.55 per cent over the year, mainly due to an increase in the sale of paid-in products; the increase in agent trust planned income was 82.04 per cent over the year, mainly due to an increase in the sale of fixed-income products: agency
In terms of net income, investment returns increased by 49.31 per cent over the year, mainly because of gains and losses on the margin of instruments and increases: net gains on changes in fair value decreased by 65.62 per cent over the year, mainly because of lower gains and losses on the valuation of derivatives and transactional financial assets.
4) good asset quality and increased risk offsets Corporate retailing maintains industry leadership, robust profitability, long-term maintenance of roe pre-industry levels, continued optimization of asset and liability structure, high demand deposit ratios and significant cost advantages;
There is a steady improvement in the quality of assets and a continuous increase in the capacity of risk offsets; there is a strong push for strategic transformation, the creation of light banks, the development of a “quality, efficiency, scale” dynamic balance, the leading industry in financial science and technology applications, and a marked difference in competitive advantages.