• Research Assistant: Song Jin Dynasty, April 29, 2019, first quarter performance, and operating income of $68,739 million in the first quarter of 2019
Dollars, 12.14 per cent more than year-on-year; net profit returns of $25,240 million more than year-on-year growth of 11.32 per cent; non-performing loans, which have been growing at a steady rate, have been increasing at a slower rate than net profit returns of 12.14 per cent, a slight decline of 0.38 percentage points compared to 2018.
The slowdown in the rate of net revenue from fees and commissions, with agency base percentage points to 11.32 per cent, as a result of accrual-based changes, has increased net profits by 2.12 percentage points compared to the same period last year.
At the end of the first quarter of 2019, the equity, liability, and asset and liability structures continued to be optimized, along with policy preferences for inclusive financial value-added tax (VAT) credits, resulting in a single-season net interest difference of 17 bps/6 bps, respectively.
The space for future replacement of low-cost liabilities may be reduced to a smaller extent, and although stock growth in March rebounded at a significantly higher rate than in February, the sustainability of the recovery in business demand for effective financing remains to be seen, with a high rate of return on assets or some growth pressure, and a narrow two-quarter net spread.
The quality of assets continues to improve and risk offset capacity is enhanced. The rate of non-performing loans at the end of the quarter was 1.35 per cent, a decrease of 13 bps and 1 bps, respectively, compared to the same period last year and the end of last year, and the quality of assets continued to improve.
The ratio of money to non-performing loans is at a lower level, the potential adverse generation is less stressful and poorly identified, and credit risk is generally manageable in the short term. The coverage rate at the end of the recruitment quarter was 363.17%, up from last year’s end, when retail financial services contributed and the Financial Technology Bank moved closer. In the first quarter of 2019, retail money was introduced.
In 2018, the recruitment process began to move to the age of 3.0 with the word, intelligence, and openness of banks, with the introduction of the “movement priority” strategy and the “mau indicators” as a guide.
With more than 81 million active users (mau) per month, a significant increase of 47.24 per cent over the same period, the application landscape, which covers a wide range of fields such as travel, shopping, medical care, leisure and recreation, has become the main platform for clients, and the Financial Technology Bank, which aims to “make the best experiences of its clients”, is approaching.
Investment ratings: Merchant banks perform robustly, profitability is at the lead of listed banks, retailing, financial operations are highly advantageous, investment in financial science and technology is increasing, talent and innovation are valued, asset quality is improving, risk offset capacity is increasing and is worth long-term retention in the bank stock.
Some quality targets. The expected increase in net return profits in 19/20/21 is a perturbing effect on their share price, with a downward rating of \triangleright.
Significant declines in macroeconomic growth led to deterioration in asset quality and regulatory tightening led to a slowdown in performance