Improved asset structure leads to wide spreads of interest, strong asset quality, continued optimization of a quarter of assets and credit structure, continued expansion of a quarter of interest differentials, led to faster growth of net interest earnings, and corporate roe levels were at the forefront of the industry.
The rate of increase in deposits in the first quarter is somewhat lower than the rate of increase in the underlying deposits. We believe that the optimal asset structure leads to a wide spread of interest, the quality of the assets remains stable.
The first quarter of net profit growth in the comptoir bank was 11.32 per cent on a year-on-year basis, which was largely in line with expectations and slowed down in 2018. The main reason was that the company increased its contribution by 2.1 percentage points on a year-on-year increase in profits prior to the provision. Of this, the first quarter ' s net interest income increased by 14.31 per cent on a year-on-year basis, compared to 2018.
Increase by 3.6 percentage points. The rate of improvement in revenue from recruitment fees has fallen short of the rate of co-optation in the first quarter, with companies continuing to adjust their financial operations (1.25 per cent) during the transition period, which is expected to continue at a low rate.
1 quarter net interest difference of 2.72 per cent and 6bp above, mainly due to optimized asset end-of-asset structure and inclusive gold melted value added tax credits. 1 quarter credit release rate (4.88 per cent, qoq) is faster than assets (0.72 per cent), with quarterly deposits showing a similar growth rate of 0.62 per cent over the 4th quarter.
The performance is a trade-off between the cost and the scale of the deposits, which attracts more attention to the growth of our base deposits. We measure the end-calibre liability end-of-cycle cost-rate ring 4bp below the four-quarter period.
A negative loan rate drops by 1 bp to 1.35 per cent in the first quarter. We measure a negative production rate of 0.87 per cent in the first quarter and 40 bp in the upper row, but the absolute value is lower. A cut in coverage at the end of the first quarter. Taken together, both asset quality and risk resilience are at the forefront of the industry.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business.
The Bank of Merchants publishes the 19th Quarterly report, with net profits increasing by 11.32% in the first quarter of 2019. The total assets at the end of the 1st quarter were $6.79 trillion (+8.67%, yoy/; +0.72%, qoq). Of this amount, loans + 10.67%, yoy/+4.88%, deposits + 9.54%, yoy/+0.62%, qoq.
The increase in net profits during the first quarter of the year was largely in line with our expectations, with the net increase in net profits being slower than in 2018 (14.84 per cent) owing mainly to the increase in the company ' s provision and the increase in credit costs in the first quarter between 4bp and 1.66 per cent compared to the same period last year, resulting in net corporate gains.
The rate of increase was reduced from 13.2 per cent before the provision to 11.32 per cent, and the company ' s profits increased by 2.1 percentage points from the previous year to the full year in 2018. Of this, net interest income increased by 14.31 per cent in the first quarter to 3.6 percentage points in the second quarter, mainly due to the continuing high interest differentials in the company.
In the same industry, revenue from fees per quarter was slower (1.25%) than in 2018 (3.85%) and revenue from corporate wealth management-related adjustments continued to be adjusted and revenue from fees is expected to continue to grow at a low rate.
One quarter net interest difference of 2.72 per cent and four quarters continued up by 6bp, with a good rate difference. We believe that the support for the first quarter increases the size of assets by 8.67 per cent and 0.72 per cent over the four quarters, under the influence of the low annual basis, with credit being released faster than assets (4.88 per cent), and the asset structure and restructuring of the credit structure contribute to the spread. Debt-end deposits have improved in the four quarters, but they have increased in the first quarter.
By the end of the period, we measure the end-of-term caliber cost of the liability by the fourth quarter.
4bp below. Follow-up attention needs to be paid to the performance of the basic deposits. Poor performance continues, asset quality is better than that of peer assets, and the negative loan rate drops by 1 bp to 1.35 per cent in the first quarter of the campaign, and the negative rate is lower among listed banks.
Quarterly 40bp, but poor production rates are at a lower level of industry. Five more recruitments, both of asset quality and risk resilience, are in the industry at the end of quarter 1 than at the end of 2018.
The net revenue from interest has been growing faster, and the company’s roe level is at the forefront of the industry. But the rate of increase in deposits in the first quarter has been lower than the rate of growth in the industry, with attention to the follow-up performance of the base deposit. We maintain the projection of eps 3.61/4.00 per year for 2019-2020, corresponding to the increase in net profits, the consolidation of advantages in the retail sector and the gradual demonstration of the effectiveness of financial science and technology, making it more risky to defend itself at the bottom of the economy.
As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to economic development. Macro-economic development affects the operation of the real economy and the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the performance of the banking sector’s asset quality. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk of deterioration in the quality of the banking sector’s assets, thus affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
Uncertainty and follow-up still require close attention to the dynamics of the economy.