(c) On 3 June, the Recruitment Bank issued an announcement stating that companies issued non-fixed fixed-term capital bonds of up to $50 billion.
In recent years, there has been an increase in the proportion of bank capital occupied and the need for capital to repair it. In late December 2018, the State Council Finance Committee proposed to promote the launch of sustainable debt issuance.
The bank announced its intention to issue a permanent debt. Among them, the Chinese bank and the Min Seong bank have already taken the lead in issuing 40 billion yuan each, the Bank of Huaxia has approved the issuance of 40 billion yuan in debt and the Bank of Guangjiang has issued 40 billion yuan in debt and won the shareholders’ assembly.
At the end of the first quarter of the year, the rates of capital adequacy of banks, primary capital adequacy and core-level capital adequacy were 15.86 per cent, 12.72 per cent and 11.92 per cent, respectively, ranking first among the equity lines. However, other levels of capital adequacy were recruited.
Total market value/flow (million yuan)
The percentage point to 17.04%, 13.90%, and the core capital adequacy rate are not affected, which greatly complements the current 6.0% recruitment rate. Retail lending is characterized by relatively high returns and low capital consumption compared to public loans, which account for a larger share of increased profitability and increased risk resilience.
Investment recommendations: Sustainable debt issuance will significantly increase the capital adequacy rate at the recruitment level to provide security for the expansion of its operations; retail lending will be relatively large, profitable and performance will increase steadily.
Bank of Merchants: 50 billion yuan in long-term debt recovery, high-scale innovation issued by board of directors, high-scale innovation issued by board of directors, 50 billion yuan in long-term debt recovery, high-scale innovation awarded by board of directors
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.