1. " Racer Tyre Company Ratings: Small Performance Pressure and Global Moderation " .
Tyre sales have continued to grow, with a single-quarter income at a record high. Companies, 3rd quarter of 2025.
The average price of products selling tyres increased by 7.25 per cent over the same period and the ring by 1.69 per cent; the cost side of the total purchase price of the company ' s four main raw materials, natural rubber, synthetic rubber, carbon black, steel curtain lines, decreased by 8.3 per cent and the ring by 7.44 per cent over the same period.
Egypt’s new plant has been well laid, and the accompanying business has broken out. In the current context of the global escalation of international trade barriers, the company has further deepened its globalization strategy to protect against trade risks.
On 10 September, the Egyptian project was inaugurated in the Suez Canal Economic Zone, Egypt, with a total investment of US$ 291 million, which will make it an annual production base of 3.6 million tyres, with an estimated annual sales revenue of US$ 190 million expected after delivery.
A full breakthrough was achieved in the car-backed market, becoming an exclusive tyre-packing supplier of a single-voltage-Tedarvs8 model, and has successfully delivered multi-car-type packages or items to mainstream domestic car companies such as Jadi, Chir, Jili, Chang An, Ui, North Air, Nanjing Iviko, etc.
Targeting; international markets have begun to provide complementary services to brands such as Biadi, Thailand, Chang An, Viet Nam.
Companies are home-grown tires, and as global production continues to expand, we look forward to a further increase in the market share. We expect the company’s net return profit in 2025-2027 to fluctuate significantly between raw material prices: new capacity releases are lower than expected: international trade frictions: “Liquids”
“Gold” tyres are not as popular as expected: large fluctuations in maritime prices: large fluctuations in exchange rates, etc. Scanning for more services, sweeping for more services, etc.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market