Wheel tires (601058): q3 quarter performance loops have improved significantly, and globalization has continued to fall, falling by 4.71% from year to year, and by 31.35% from year to year. Corporate q3 quarter performance loops have improved significantly, mainly due to 1.) Net operating cash flows in the first three quarters have increased by 72.55% from year to year, effectively supporting productive expansion and R & D inputs: three years before 2025
At the same time, the cost of R & D in the previous three quarters of the company was $817 million, an increase of 10.82 per cent, or 2.96 per cent, of operating income, indicating continued technology inputs. As of the third quarter, Egypt’s factory had been laid, the global layout had deepened: currently, the race round was overseas (Viet Nam, Cambodia, Indonesia, Mexico and Egypt)
In response to international trade risks, the company laid new ground in September in Suez Canal, Egypt, with a total investment of $291 million and an annual production capacity of 3.6 million tyres expected to be delivered after delivery.
The sales revenue for the current year is about $190 million, which is expected to reach $5 billion in the postnatal year and to become a tbr for the race wheels by upgrading the acquisition of the former Pristoton factory for the intelligent transformation of 3.3 million steel all-time meridian tyres and 20,000 tons of non-road tyres per year.
(Truck and bus tires) A demonstration base for the high-end manufacturing of smarts. \triangleright, race tires (601058): q2 trade disturbance
We are still looking at the growth in performance associated with the expansion of the company's domestic and external capacity, as well as the increased brand power supported by high R & D, which sustains The Wheel Tyres (601058): sustainable sales, enhancing the influence of international brands - corporate Jane.
Wheel tires (601058.sh): Business performance Public Profit Forecasting and Valuation Summary
Appendix: Three series of statement projections, using data information that is legally compliant, carefully draw conclusions and present the present report independently and objectively, without any direct or indirect relationship to the specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.