Event: 28 October 2025, Triannual Report 2025. Company ' s cumulative operating income for the first three quarters of the period was $27.587 billion, i.e. +16.76 per cent; accumulated net return to the mother.
Zhang Yinsheng's sales are innovative, with quarterly earnings passing the $10 billion mark for the first time, with many indicators showing bright performance. 2025q3, 21.3 million sales of company tyres, +10.18 per cent, ring + 7.74 per cent and one quarter new.
High; gross operating income of more than $10 billion for the first time; Māori breakthrough of $2.5 billion for the first time; total profits, Hong East and East, innovation up to $1.280 billion; cash flow from business activities, $1.623 billion, co-locate
On August 25, the company announced the production of 3 million semi-steel meridian tyres and 600,000 full steel meridian wheels in Egypt each year, the production of 3.3 million steel meridian tyres in Shenyang New Year and 20,000 tons of non-road tyres in Shenyang, as reported up to the year 2025 in Viet Nam and Cambodia abroad.
The production capacity of 9.75 million full steel midgets, 49 million half steel midgets, and 137,000 tons of non-road tyres is planned for each year in Fortress, Indonesia, Mexico and Egypt, and is the largest Chinese tyre company with overseas production capacity. We believe that companies continue to deepen their globalized production capacity.
With the core drivers of performance growth, the global distribution of capacity is expected to help companies improve their performance in the global market by making raw materials more expensive and less expensive by sea. We measure the combined raw materials of tyres \triangleright
Technology support, product abundance, channel innovation, and companies’ multi-pronged construction of high-level branding power. In technology, corporate-owned liquid gold tyres successfully address "rolling resistance, dampness, humidification, etc."
In terms of products, the company relies on its technological advantages and further develops product rotation in a number of sub-division areas, such as passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, and special vehicles, which were launched in 2024.
Erange products (made specifically for the European market), liquid gold snow tires wp81, terramaxrt cross-fields, liquid gold high performance engineering midday, track high performance wheels pt01 (developed in collaboration with Mi car, applicable to Su7ultra and aiding Mi car)
New products such as Beijing's Golden Port, Shanghai Tianma and Ningpo International Drives, Xiamen International's Best Sindam Securities Co. Ltd.
Itd is new to build a direct/joint company digitized system that brings more than 20 subsidiaries into line.
Connect, and interface with some of the agents, to build an efficient and coordinated network of "customer-channel-storage-logistics." We believe that this will allow channels to transmit better product upgrading concepts and enable companies to increase their brand power over the long term.
Profit projection and investment rating: we expect the company to earn \triangleright \triangleright in 2025-2027, respectively
Zhang Yinsheng, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Financial Sciences, Beijing University, and seven years of experience in the management of the China Chemical Group. In March 2015, China formally joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre to carry out research in the chemical industry.
The development centre, which conducts research in the petrochemical and basic chemical industries, has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.