The pharmaceutical business and industry have continued to grow, with a focus on innovative drugs, 18/04/04/2022 + Chinese medicine plus vaccines in three major areas
In 2021, the pharmaceutical industry achieved 25,098 million ANC (reorganization of the human 5 gland virus), Kelekon (Yuriklin), Pefikang (triple vibre) and new drugs of class 3 and 1 (39 in the development of innovative drugs and 8 in the development of improved new medicines).
Six innovative lines of medicine are in the critical research or clinical ii phase. The company's medicine is flat, and there are currently 16 rare disease projects.
Pharmacy subsidiaries, nine widely recognized core brands, three national secret formulations and 860 Chinese pharmaceutical products, with priority varieties such as musk-coated heart pills, barley injection fluids, melon skin injection fluids, new schillings, silver apricot ketamine, stomach respiratory chips, heart-breeding schillings, octopus, haemorrhage and emulsion.
Following the launch of the south white drug campaign, the Yunnan white brand experience was combined with the company ' s rich pipeline and strong research and development capabilities, and cooperation was launched to develop new and old varieties twice, targeting more than 800 million yuan in large varieties, which are expected to result in 4.65 per cent of the total turnover, further institutional reform and dynamism.
In 2021, the Shanghai pharmaceutical business contributed $19.62 billion. The top 10 pharmaceutical wholesalers earned 55.2%, and the Shanghai medical agent achieved $4.3 billion in sales revenue. The company introduced the new crown vaccine partnership as a breakthrough to bring production closer.
The chain extends from import distribution to production and R & D, working strategically with Con Sinoe, building on existing technology platforms and distribution advantages, into the field of innovative vaccine production. Companies are expected to work together on new coronary drugs, with such innovative drugs on the market, which will increase the volume; 4) Internet + platform building in commercial retail sales.
Shanghai Pharmacies, formerly Shanghai Four Medicines, were listed in 1994a as a multi-decade-old medical and pharmaceutical business integration platform with several core business departments, such as innovation medicine, counterfeiting, important, commercial, retail, etc.
As of the company ' s annual report in 2021, the Shanghai City State Property Supervisory Board would be the actual controller of Shanghai medicine, with 1,084,339,237 companies held directly and indirectly through the Shanghai Group and the Shanghai Sea.
The pharmaceutical industry is located in the country's first echelons, with 16 major holding companies, including several high-quality brands, such as Shanghai Sorority, Shanghai Central West, Lifelongization, Medicines and Medicines, and other high-quality brands.
There are several types of generic medicines, innovative medicines, Chinese medicine, and products covering cardiovascular, digestive systems, immuno-degradation, whole body resistance to infections and tumours; more than 700 drug varieties, more than 20 agent types, and 40 products of more than 100 million yuan in 2021 are produced on a permanent basis. Six of these innovative drugs have entered critical clinical periods, with the core tube 1001 entering clinical ii, p-
The capb target is a new antiacid agent x 842 and is expected to be declared in 2022; the Chinese pill plate now has musk pine pills, 8 bob, Dan, 6 ammonium three core products and the remaining 10 large varieties with over a billion dollars in revenue, and the trademarks have well-known core brands of idols, Leys, Dragon Tigers, Yingbao, Hu Qingyu Hall, etc.
As a result, it is expected that the strong base of nearly 800 Chinese prescriptions and the rich marketing experience of white drugs will be maintained at a high rate, one of the company’s most important incremental business plates. The pharmaceutical business is second-largest in the country, with 19 holding holdings, with the central subsidiaries being the upper drug control stock, the upper medicine garden and the Shanghai large pharmacy.
On the business side, the company’s share in the company has established three well-known big pharmaceutical companies, the Shanghai Roths, and the Yellow Pharmacy and Precious Pharmacy. Figure 2: Corporate equity structures and subsidiaries (annual report up to 2021) Business plates contribute revenues and industrial plates contribute profits.
The high rate, with a contribution of 11.6 per cent, is 51.7 per cent of Māori, representing a significant increase in the future profits of the company. As the structure of the company ' s products improves and management reforms fine-tune, net interest rates remain stable during a period of rising cost and significant investment in R&D. Companies focus on R&D inputs, with R&D costs in 2021 amounting to R&D at $1.987 billion.
New R & D-driven companies are transforming. As the corporate business structure is upgraded optimally, companies generate revenue while maintaining a stable personnel structure, and sales and management costs remain slowly declining; and companies have sufficient cash flows and financial costs are maintained.
The global top50 pharmaceutical industry has an integrated industrial system of research, production, and marketing. Companies have an advantage in research and development, more than a billion yuan variety, 40 varieties have been evaluated through consistency, 47 are developing new lines of medicine, and 16 rare diseases are under study.
• Global pharmaceutical top50 focused on a strategy of “one-size-fits-all” targeting cardiovascular, digestive systems, immuno-degradation, and plentiful products.
Infective, neurotic and anti-cancer varieties are evaluated through consistency in the type of product produced.
In 2021, the pharmaceutical industry earned 25,098 million yuan, compared to the same amount.
Pharmaceutical companies are moving toward a technologically and innovatively driven R & D pharmaceutical enterprise. Throughout 2020, corporate pharmaceutical industry sales generated 23,743 million yuan, an increase of 1.08 per cent over the same period in the previous year, with a Māori rate of 59.1 per cent, of which 60 priority varieties are being marketed Focus areas, large varieties, and the number of products over 100 million yuan.
With a "one-size-fits-all" approach, 40 products have been sold to industry throughout the year, covering the seven main treatment areas of anti-cancer, heart, cerebral vascular, nervous, anti-infection, self-immunisation, digestive metabolic and respiratory systems.
The sales of the iron-complex capsules were 15.3, 13.4, 10.3, 9.7 and 780 million yuan, respectively. 2.2. Innovations first, high-end formulations in layout, and research and development are increasing into industry first, in 2021.
Innovative drug layout: 3 1 new types of drugs on the market, 6 key clinics, 47 pipelines. Companies insist on autonomous R & D and bd two-wheel drive, continuously build up a pool of innovative drugs and improved pharmaceutical products, and total R & D investment is in the domestic pharmaceutical industry.
As of 2021, the company had new drugs on the market in Ancorre (reassembled human type 5 gland virus), Kellycon (Yuric Lin), Pefikang (triple vibres), 3x1 and clinical applications for admission and entry into clinical research, with 47 new lines, 39 of which were innovative and 8 of which were improved.
For high-end formulations, the above-mentioned technological innovation in marine medicine is a central platform for building catalytic agent innovation with a technology platform that focuses on the development of high-end formulations for imitation, based on hard-to-be,
A total of 22 varieties (29 by-laws) were evaluated annually for generic drug consistency, increasing the cumulative number of evaluated products to 40 (injection of sodium cerebral sulfon, injection of Lansolatium, lydoxine and dopamine in 2.2.1.x842: a new generation of acids)
x 842 is a new generation of potassium ion competitive acid inhibitor (p-cab) oral drugs that inhibit the secretion of stomach acid by competitively blocking potassium ion activity in h-k-atp enzymes. Currently, x 842 is in the clinical iii phase of research (snd-x842-) raw materials and preparations for exclusive production and industrial marketing of all adaptive drugs in the Chinese region.
The stomach reflux (gerd) is a clinically common disease, with fever and reflux as typical symptoms. The internal digestive system has a prevalence rate of 11.2%, the overall prevalence rate of Gerd is 3.1%, and the incidence is on the rise. The conventional proton pump (ppi) is the usual treatment drug for stomach reflux, and the p-cab drug is effective compared to the p-cab drug.
Fast (first in effect), sustained depressive acid (night inflammation good), easy to take (no need to eat), and ppi are among the preferred drugs for gred. Ppi drugs already on the market in the country include Omela, Ransola, Vitola, Rebela, Esmeralda, Esmeralda.
In 2020, traditional pi sales amounted to 20.29 billion yen. In the country, p-cab drugs, including Vonolamón, Dagorazón, Konolazan, and non-Sulazán, were marketed and under study.
The p-cab drug is expected to break the monolithic situation of the pi market and x 842 is expected to become a heavy-pound new drug in the field of depressive acids.
bcd-100 (prolgolimab injection fluid) with pd1 resistance, pd-l1 expressed high oncology cells and pd-1 in immune t cell surfaces combined to inhibit the immune response of the organism, contributing to the development and transfer of tumours. Cervical and non-small cell lung cancer adaptive disorders by blocking pd-are in three stages of clinical treatment (bcd-100-5/fermata; bcd-100-100-
3/domajor. One pd-l (l) against a total of 13 units, and one Chinese pd-l (l) against a total of nine pieces, including Kareli Pearl, Sindilli, Trepley, Reilly Pearl, Paampli, etc.
According to the company, in 2021, the sales of the Sindilli bill against domestic sales amounted to about $3.1 billion, while the sales of the Pablestone bill against global sales amounted to $17.186 billion. bcd-100 was expected to accelerate market listing and capture a portion of the market in the field of oncology. 2.2.3.i001: Small molecule renalin inhibitors
io1 is a new generation of oral non-peptide small-molecular renalin inhibitors, falling into category 1 of chemical drugs. io1 is a pressure-relief drug for a new mechanism. With the first patient joining the group on iii on 10 June 2021, the first phase of the iii clinical trials and data clean-up has been successfully completed and is expected to provide an effective path to treatment for a wide range of light and moderate patients.
The company’s in-depth pharmacological and transformational studies found that renals were expressed in high uc. Disorders, which in turn activated the supplemental system, exacerbated the inflammation, and confirmed the efficacy of i001 vs. uc in both internal and external clinical precursor experiments. On 30 December 2020, i001 new adaptive uc, acquired fda ii.
The bed test was qualified and the clinical trials for this adaptive condition were applied simultaneously in the country. 2.3. The Chinese drug transfer innovation, the development of heavy-pound varieties, the introduction of Yunnan white medicine, nine core brands, and seven Chinese pharmaceutical companies.
Pharmacy subsidiaries, nine widely recognized core brands, three national secret formulations and 860 Chinese pharmaceutical products, with priority varieties, including musk-coated heart pills, barley injection fluids, melon skin injection fluids, new silicon tablets, silver acetone esters, stomach respirators, heart-fed pills, eight boddens, bruising and empasive ailment. Shanghai medicine started a billion-dollar scale-up project in 2021 and is to be introduced.
The company will fully exploit the strengths of the two sides in the area of Chinese medicine in terms of resources, branding, and channels, and will work together to create a platform for Chinese medicine and large health businesses.
Figure 18: The company's nine Chinese medicine core brands.
Shanghai and Yellow Pharmacy, Hu Qingyu Pharmacy.
The research of modern drug research has made it clear that the substance of the drug is known, functional, clinically safe and effective.
Quality stability can be controlled, and heavy pounds of Chinese medicines with autonomous intellectual property rights, such as eight boddens, stomach respirator, heart-breeding, silver acetone esters, silver pellets, etc. 2.4. Very rare pathogens are complete and stand-alone platforms operate.
In the rare drug plate, a department of rare pathologies (Senior Maritime Medicines Ltd.) has been set up to provide more clinically valuable drugs to people with rare diseases. The marketed product is one of the largest companies in the country with the most rare pathologies.
Through the management model of the Central Pharmacy + National Distributed Services, a variety of rare disease drug promotions have been carried out with famous pharmaceutical companies such as Rhodes, Pfizer, Fünoffi, Tiva, etc. The company has become the preferred channel for new thand drugs to enter China.
The resources of rare disease strains, on the other hand, are closely connected with research and development institutions and research and development companies in the field, and have introduced cutting-edge innovation varieties. There are currently 16 projects under development covering global innovation medicines, imitations and the shortage of drugs urgently needed in beds, covering such rare diseases as tumours, motion neurons, endocrines, cardiovasculars, metabolics, etc.
It includes one new drug, two new drugs and three or four types of clinically-needed projects. There is now one clinical stage, one clinical phase, one phase in the iii phase, and several products in the production phase to be declared.
The industrial chain of the pharmaceutical circulation industry can be divided into three main components, of which wholesale and retail medicines are central. Upstream, the industrial chain is the manufacturer of medicines and medical equipment, with seven major categories of pharmaceutical products, depending on the product being sold: western medicine, medium medicine, Chinese medicine, medical equipment, chemical reagents, glass instruments.
and other categories; industry chains are central to the flow of medicines; pharmaceutical wholesalers are primarily responsible for the procurement, storage, management and sale of products; pharmaceutical wholesalers are able to move pharmaceutical products indirectly or directly to the end market of pharmaceutical products through pharmaceutical retailing enterprises, including medical institutions such as hospitals, community clinics, retail pharmacies, pharmaceutical electricians, etc.; and below the industry chain.
As of December 2021, the company distribution network covered 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of the country, directly through holding companies.
In 24 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of the country, more than 32,000 health-care establishments were covered, the retail network was distributed among the country ' s 16 provinces and municipalities, and the total number of retail pharmacies was more than 2,000.
As the reform of the pharmaceutical health system deepens, the drug circulation sector accelerates the pace of transformation and upgrading, the supply chain is strengthened, the supply chain is synergized, the retail and service modes of innovative medicines are being developed, total sales in the industry are rising steadily, the degree of intensification continues to increase, and the trend towards long-term improvement is becoming more positive.
At the end of 2020, the number of pharmaceutical wholesalers in the country stood at 131,000, and the concentration of pharmaceutical wholesalers increased in terms of market access. In 2020, the top 100 pharmaceutical wholesalers accounted for 73.7 per cent of the total size of the country ' s pharmaceutical market, an increase of 0.4 percentage points over the same period.
The country’s leading business accounts for 42.6% of the total size of the country’s pharmaceutical market during the same period, compared with 55.2% in the top 10 countries, and the pharmaceutical wholesale industry is currently divided into three levels of competition according to the size of the sale. At the first level, four national wholesalers, China’s Medicine Group, Shanghai Medicine Group, China’s Medicines Group, China’s Medicines Company, China’s Medicines Company, China’s Medicine Company, China’s Medicine Company, China’s Medicine Corporation, China’s Medicine Corporation, China’s Medicine Corporation, China’s Medicine Corporation, China’s Medicine Corporation, China’s Medicine Corporation, China’s Medicine Corporation, China’s, China’s Medicine Corporation, China’s Medicine Corporation, China’s Medicine Corporation, China’s Medicine Corporation, China’s Medicine Corporation, China’s Medicine Corporation, and China’s Medicine Corporation.
Holdings Ltd. and Kyushu Tango Pharmaceuticals Group Ltd., whose main operating income is more than $100 million; the second level is at Guangzhou Medicine, Nanjing Medicine, Chongqing Medicine, Rikang Medicine, An Qi Hua Shun, etc., which is mainly based on the development of nuclear-minded areas and is collected below $100 million; the other is at level 3.
It shows that, in 2020, our pharmaceutical wholesale market was dominated by the National Medicines Group, Shanghai Medicines, Huayun Medicines, and Kyushu Tong, with 24.15 per cent of the top 10 pharmaceutical wholesalers, and 8.45 per cent of Shanghai Medicines, the second largest in the country.
Create synergies and accelerate the transformation into innovative pharmaceutical supply chain service providers Companies continuously promote service innovation by providing integrated supply chain services and innovative service solutions such as modern logistics, information services, financial services, full-channel integration, marketing services, leading industry value innovation, and industry-wide innovation
Upstream and downstream clients have established close cooperative relationships, gradually moving towards a “scientific and technological health service enterprise.” As a strategic investor in the Shanghai Alice Medicines and Technology Inc.’s initiative board, the company is working with them in areas such as logistics warehousing, national distribution, “Internet+” new retailing, innovative financial payments, and the management of innovative medicines throughout their life cycle.
In addition, Drug Supply International, Inc., Inc., has been involved as a cornerstone investor in the competitive pharmaceutical industry of Hong Kong, where it has issued an offer of subscriptions to many imported research products, pre-market services in the pharmaceutical industry, international supply chains, full access, new retail expansion, and innovative support.
In terms of imported medicines, companies successfully introduced 18 import-generation varieties throughout 2021, and continued to import half of the business generation of innovative medicines. Companies are investing in innovative drug service delivery platforms to innovate products for pharmaceutical companies around the world.
Provision of supply chain-wide one-stop management covering four main areas of pre-market cooperation, import and export services, national distribution, and innovation added value
Lead intra-hospital supply chain service providers, industry standard setters Pre-market cooperation - China's leading clinical trial supply chain • cover all clinical trial bases in China, procurement, entry and exit of clinical reagents and samples
Services such as ports, warehousing, logistics, secondary processing; 3 logistics centres, serving nearly 500 import services — China's head import of drugs, vaccine platforms — guaranteed area services, pharmacological inspection/fast-import services, multi-port capacity, international supply chain capacity
National distribution - a nationwide pharmaceutical distribution network, a national network of distributors, retail pharmacies, dtp operations Innovative value added - diversified systems of innovative services
Target market development, market access, cso marketing services, commercial insurance services 3.3. Extension of the vaccine industry chain, strategic layout of vaccine plates.
The company has a leading vaccine supply chain service platform, with a cool chain logistics capability that covers the country. Over the past two years, the company has introduced a new crown vaccine partnership as a breakthrough to further extend the chain from import distribution to production and research and development, and to speed up the deployment of the vaccine industry.
Industrialization leads to a breakthrough in the field of pharmaceutical vaccines in Shanghai through the Bosan vaccine plant, and participation in the overall plan for the Shanghai vaccine strategy: through the project, expansion of the workforce in the industry: through the project, building on the experience of improving the system of production and quality control of vaccine products.
Increased investment in research and development. With industrialized bases, increased investment in vaccine research and development, consolidation of internal and external resources, development/cooperation in the development of vaccine products to enrich product lines, active introduction of new varieties. Active expansion of new varieties, and new products through mergers, transfers, licences, etc.
3.4. Non-pharmaceutical operations, such as high health of boosters, have become a new engine for business growth, as China ' s ageing is growing and medical demand continues to expand, and the healthcare industry is growing rapidly.
In 2017, the company acquired Kandler China, which is among the top players in the area of equipment circulation in China. Since 2018, Shanghai medicine has maintained a five-pronged and multi-pronged approach, advancing from a multi-faceted depth of strategy, organization, management, operations, information, etc.
After four years of efforts, under the weight of the fundamentals of the pharmaceutical industry, there was an overall improvement in the development of the pharmaceutical industry, a sustained increase in profitability, a marked increase in industrial competitiveness, and a rise in net sales interest rates from 0.65% in 2017 to 2% in 2021. In 2021, companies sold about $24.7 billion in non-pharmaceuticals such as equipment, health, etc.
About 28% long, and more than 8.000 new products have been introduced cumulatively. Companies are actively collating their variety resources, streamlining business management processes, expanding synergies and continuously developing the distribution of assistive devices. 4. Pharmaceutical retailing: innovation development, pharmaceutical retailing + insurance + the Internet.
The company ' s retail operations consist mainly of three types of chain pharmacies, yard-side pharmacies, dtp pharmacies, with more than 2,000 high-quality brand pharmacies in the country ' s 16 provinces and municipalities, and a number of high-quality national or regional brand pharmacies under the flag, such as the Big Fae Pharmacy, the Ring of Thunder, the Windy Pharmacy, and the Big Sur Pharmacy.
The annual statistical analysis of the operations of the pharmaceutical circulation industry shows that the company’s Shanghai Pharmacy House was ranked nine out of the country’s 100 most powerful pharmacies in 2020. The company’s retail business of 2021 generated $7,768 million, a decline of 8.82% in comparison with the previous year, mainly to finance the health of the drug cloud.
Figure 27: In 2020, 100% of the country's pharmacies (millions of dollars) developed a “profit” branded eco-circle with a “dtp specialized pharmacy” and “Internet+ services” as the two main cornerstones of their operations. Companies continue to use their own platform advantages to accelerate the development of new business expansion and innovative models.
Cloud Health is positioned on the Internet+ pharmaceutical commercial science platform, which continuously strengthens innovative medicines based on professional pharmacies Life-cycle service, Electronic Prescription + Cloud Pharmacy-based Internet+ service, which works to create a new Spaniard Eco-Club. Incubate the health of magnesium, and build a platform for pharmaceutical providers.
Innovative payment solutions at the level of fees, commercial health insurance, and supplementary health insurance, including fund-raising, payment to the end of the service, closure of the ring, the establishment of a new ecology in the pharmaceutical + insurance industry, and a one-stop solution to the full range of benefits for patients. The company’s magnesium health is active in innovative payment solutions at the level of personal self-payment, commercial health insurance, and supplementary health insurance.
5. Profit forecasts and investment proposals 5.1. Key assumptions and revenue splits maintain steady double-digit growth. Companies are one of the two main poles of domestic imported vaccine agents and are beginning to focus on upstream and downstream
Together, the industrial chain will gradually build up the end-of-pipe extension team, complete the end-of-end marketing capacity, build production lines up in collaboration with Concino, achieve a vaccine of 100 million-dose-grade capacity, and actively invest in innovative vaccine companies like Dowysk to speed up the entire industry chain layout of the vaccine. Companies will also hatch Internet-based + enterprises like the drug cloud health, the magnesium health health, and speed up business information.
By the end of 2021, six projects had entered critical clinical stages, p-cab new drugs x 842 are expected to be declared in 2022, providing performance dynamic support for industrial operations.
At the operational level, it is the company’s most important business section, with three core products: musk pine pills, eight bodands, and six pills, and the rest of the large species with over a billion dollars in revenue. With the company’s strategic collaboration with Yunnan, the firm’s close to 800 Chinese prescriptions have a strong base and strong marketing experience, and it is hoped that it will be mentioned again.
We have selected: 1) platform-based enterprises with generic and innovative drug research and development, such as the Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry, Hen Swe Medicines, Huadong Medicines, Restar Medicines, etc., as comparable companies for the pharmaceutical industry; 2) national drug shares, willow shares, Kyushu Tong, etc., as comparable companies for commercial distribution; 3) drug selection as relatively profitable companies.
The annual value of comparable corporate weightpe in the industry is 10 times higher. 1) Distribution and steady growth of industrial operations; 2) development of large varieties of medium-sized tablets in collaboration with Yunnan White; 3) marketing of innovative drugs such as i001, x 842, resulting in an increase; 4) Internet + platforming in commercial retailing.
The data for Shanghai medicine in 2021 are real, while the rest are consistent expectations for Wind) Collecting risks: more corporate product pipelines, and the risk of generic pharmaceutical products entering the collection. R & D is not as fast as expected: the company R & D pipeline is not as risky as expected.
The risk of impairment of goodwill: there is a large amount of investment mergers and acquisitions by companies, with 2021q3 goodwill of $11.3 billion, and there is a risk of impairment of goodwill Strategic transformation is not as high as expected: there is uncertainty about the new crown business, which is not as high as expected, through the company's introduction of the Yunnan Pharmacy campaign for business reform.
All three financial forecasts for medicine in Shanghai have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.