China Air Flight (302132.sz)
The company’s annual profit distribution scheme is intended for shareholders.
Every 10 parties found a gold dividend of 0.14 dollars, and after the asset reorganization was completed, the total equity capital went from 1. Middle Flying: The Dragons are on the market, leading the air defense suit of our country, and then the strongest mainframe is on the market. According to the company's 2024 report, it's not yet available.
To develop a development strategy in which companies are committed to building “innovating, digital, sophisticated” three new steps that will coordinate the development of pillars of business around aviation masters, expand domestic and foreign markets, and work towards a world-class, globally competitive, innovative air product.
Business groups. The 2025 work plan revealed in the company’s Board of Directors’ report for the year 2024 reflects China’s strong development resilience.
“Research-test-repair-drop” integrated, efficient and coordinated mechanisms, working with governments abroad to build air parks, create investment funds to nurture upstream enterprises, and create the strongest “Flying Legion.” “1+1+n” (Government+Lead Enterprise+Auxiliary Enterprises) integrated development, “chain masters” and “chains”
“Efficiencies and synergies among enterprises: Many companies in the industrial chain have reached a stage of industrial development of between 1 and 100, providing a technological and industrial base for future mature product batches, new product R & D breakthroughs, productive capacity building is expected to gradually enter the harvest period, and profitability is expected to increase.
Create high-end technological innovation, start new aviation innovation ecology with national innovation centres, and digital aviation. 1) Lead the building of a national innovation centre, create a national science fund, and focus on breaking through areas such as high-end aviation equipment invisibility technology, capricious performance manufacturing, smart testing, etc.
(ii) To promote the transformation of the "Smart Aviation" and the synergy of industrial chain research and production with a view to a qualitative leap forward: to lead the industrial chain with digital capacity in the biosphere, the development of the whole industry chain, the quality of production and efficiency are expected to increase continuously. (3) To explore the creation of a large-scale model technology in the aircraft.
We're looking at the long-term strategic position of mid-flight, and the company's expected return in 2025-2027.
The corresponding figure is 40/32/27; the “buy-in” rating is maintained, taking into account the company's scarcity and unique identity in the field of aviation equipment in the country, industrial policy risks, product pricing risks, quality control risks.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market