"Emergency petrochemicals (002493) Psychic embryonics, gold petrochemicals or undervalued "08, 2021."
The history of the company ' s development is that the domestic chemical fibre industry has been breaking its own history: in 1997, the company first became involved in sliced polyester longlines; in 2005, it was the first private company to successfully engage in pta; in 2015, it became the first private company involved in fuel oil-diphenyls, in December 2019.
As a major subsidiary of the company, petrochemicals and petrochemicals, their profitability and potential for co-development are to be expected. The imitation-coded carbide industry may be an important entry point for petrochemical efficiency: “XIV”
Fifthly, based on the proposed build-up capacity and the rate of increase in demand and demand, in 2025, the domestic px supply and demand balance is expected to be around 93%, and the self-sufficiency of ethylene is expected to rise to 70%, with a significant gap. From this perspective, the industry is expected to be the next company.
There's a lot of profit-enhancing space for gold petrochemicals in China. There's currently a lot of ethylene by-products suitable for ethyl ton/year, with no economies of scale.
The size is doubled, and the by-product light material can support about a million tons of acrylic hydrocarbons. The more interesting technologies may be magmatic bed technology and the full-cycle hydrogenification of tail oil. The pe corresponds to 38x, 28x, and 19x, respectively. Considering the pyrochemical phase II and the mesmerized gold.
There has been a significant increase in the same year, with more complex improvements in carbide and middle gold petrochemicals and the possibility of an unreasonable match. 2, Emeritus petrochemicals (002493); conglomerates
Prospective petrochemical phase II, looking forward to its further improvement. 2021-01-29.
At the beginning of the listing, the company’s operations were focused on polyester fibres. After the listing, the company’s operations were gradually extended upstream, trying to construct a complete whole-sector chain polyester fibre system from oil processing to leaching.
(b) In 2005, the company was involved in the pta industry, with a installed capacity of 650,000 tons, the country's first private pta line, which was subsequently expanded on three main bases, namely, Tosshaw Hill, Dalian and Hainan;
(b) In 2010, the company began to participate in oil refining projects, and in 2015 the group-controlled subsidiary was integrated with petrochemical refining.
(b) In September 2017, ZPG jointly established Zhejiang Province Oil Co. Ltd., with 40 per cent of Zhejiang's shareholdings, and proceeded with the deployment of crude oil, finished oil, fuel oil storage facilities and distribution networks.
In May 2019, 40 million tonnes/year refining integration projects (phase I) were put into operation and 40 million tonnes/year refining integration projects (phase I) in December 1919, refining oils, aromatic hydrocarbons, ethylene and downstream chemical engineering units, etc. 40 million tonnes/year refining integration projects (phase II) were put into operation in November 2020.
In April 2020, ZP received from the Ministry of Commerce of the People ' s Republic of China a notification from the Ministry of Commerce concerning the issuance of the first 2020 quota for the export of low-sulphur bunker oil (Commercial Trade Letter [202020.126] and a quota for the export of fuel oil.20 In July, ZEP received from the Ministry of Commerce of the People ' s Republic of China an agreement to grant limited compensation for petrochemicals in Zhejiang.
Reciprocal approval of non-state trade export qualifications for finished oils (Commercial Trade Letter (2020) 205) and non-State exportability of finished oils.
The real control of the company is Li Shuiyong, who directly holds 6.35% interest in glory petrochemicals, while his control group, which holds 65.62% interest in petrochemicals, controls 71.97% of the shares directly or indirectly.
Figure 1: The company ' s equity structure (as of September 2020) has six main bases in Xiaoshan Headquarters, Da Liang Jian Jiangang, Ningbojiang Jing Seng, Yoo Pao Hai Nan Seng, Ning Po Kim Pil, and Chooshan City ' s fish pyrochemical base.
1.2.1. The Fish Mountain Base is a planned, step-by-step, mega-refining integration base. The Fish Mountain Base is based on a uniform layout of 40 million tonnes/year, with a total investment of $173.1 billion in two-phased mega-refining integration projects (without consideration of supporting projects).
An investment of $90.2 billion was made in the first phase, consisting mainly of 20 million tonnes/year refined oils, 5.2 million tonnes/year aromatic hydrocarbons, 1.4 million tonnes/year ethylene.In May 19 the normal pressure-relief devices in the first phase were put into operation and in December 19 the refining, aromatics, acetylene and downstream chemicals units in the first phase were fully operational.
Tons of ethylene per annum. The first stages of Phase II (general depressure and related utility engineering devices, etc.) went on in November 20, and it was emphasized that the company had planned 3 million tons of coke for Phase I, which not only fully captured the larger context of low oil prices, but also reduced the difficulty of Phase II installations operating.
The project is operated by Zhejiang Petroleum Chemical Co. Ltd., which is the Pyrochemical, Zhejiang Quan Holdings Group.