Event: Life in China published its annual report for 2020, generating business income of 80,496 million yuan, + 10.3 per cent, and life in China (6,1628.sh)
Realization of the net profit of 50,268 million yuan, corresponding to 13.8 per cent, net profit of 505.1 yuan, net profit of Wang Qing Dynasty - 13.8 per cent, and income of 80,496 million yuan, corresponding to China ' s life in 2020.
The policy of pre-tax deductions for annual commissions charges resulted in a higher base for the same period last year, while (2) the adjustment of the traditional reserve discount rate reduced the pre-tax profit by $38.540 billion. The value of the new business was almost equal, and the risk manpower cut-off was boosted. 2020 premium revenue was equal to +8 per cent.
Judinin is ranked first among his peers. The premium structure is gradually optimized. 1) The premium for the first year of long insurance is equal to +5.5%, representing an increase of 0.1 ppts to 98% for the first year of long insurance, of which 10 years and more are paid.
68.3%, 3) the guaranteed products continue to function, and the premium for specific guaranteed products accounts for the first year of service (q3+7.8%) as a result of the company's start-up of open-door readiness earlier in the fourth quarter and the drop in manpower, 2) the value of the new business was 30.1%, compared to 2.3 ppts, a slight increase from 1h20.
The number of people tested and cleared was 1378,000, compared to 14 per cent at the beginning of the year and 9.7 per cent at the monthly rate of effective sales of manpower, and we measured the per capita Fyp ratio to +7.7 per cent to $6392.The return on investment was 5.3 per cent, compared to 0.6 ppts, which was lower than that of co-workers, derived from the purchase and sale of investment assets.
Sinda Securities Inc. Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: open cindasecuritiesco., Ltd., taking into account the high base for the same period last year and the decline in the number of agents
There's a weak performance, and it's expected to slow down the liability premium this year, and the nbv increase is unlikely to increase significantly.
\triangleright slides out of people; high volatility in capital markets leads to a sharp decline in investment returns; lower interest rates will narrow fixed interest rate tool spreads and affect accounting profits; 750 mean shifts will result
Figure 1: New policy premiums (millions of dollars) and speed increases. Wang Ji Dynasty, Master of Arts, Graduated in International Finance, Enterprise, University of Duren, United Kingdom. He has served as Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Industry, General Manager of the Guanghai Leasing Operations Department, and was employed in China Xinjiang Portfolios, and Hseng. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, he was responsible for non-monetary matters.
In January, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which conducts research in the non-banking financial sector. Wang Rao, a master’s degree in finance from Boston University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2019, and conducted non-bank finance research components that were not, or that would not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.