Profits and technology (600183) 2024 semi-annual performance rating 24h1 performance is on the rise and profitability is on the rise
Incident: The company ' s operating income of 2024h1 was $9.630 billion, an increase of 22.19 per cent over the same period; the net profit of the parent, which is at the centre of the performance announcement, is in line with market expectations.
In order to get warm, the sales of the company ' s copper-plate products have increased, while the product structure has improved, prices have improved, overall collection and the Māori rate have increased; on the other hand, the company ' s profit-making e-business performance has improved and the product structure has been optimized, with further increases in profitability.
21.56 per cent, an increase of 2.27 percentage points over the same period. The Māori rate for the copper sheet and glue business was 21.70 per cent, an increase of 2.03 percentage points over the same year, mainly benefiting from the company ' s continued optimization of the product structure and an increase in the price of the related product; and the Māori rate for the printed circuit board business was 15.94 per cent, the same rate.
A 1.63 percentage point increase, driven mainly by a higher share of high-value ai products. A 0.75 percentage point decrease in the cost of the company in the first half of the year contributed to a net interest rate increase.
It also actively promotes product certification and project certification, in which close cooperation is maintained with the head end of the country and abroad in the one area, where ultra-low-depletion materials have now been certified by multiple North American and domestic end-users. As the products are phased out, there is sufficient dynamic energy for subsequent performance growth.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.