The low pressure continues to warm, the head of the household is solid, with billions of yuan, an increase of 7.3% over the same period, and the ring q2 gain has increased, with a net profit of 1.240 billion yuan to the mother, an increase of 14.6% over the previous three quarters of the year, with a certain decline in the ring comparison.
Percentage points. The company q1 low-pressure electrical business is experiencing a certain decline, but the company ' s low-pressure business has been warming for the last two quarters. The q3 company ' s Māori ratio has reached 33.53 per cent, an improvement of 1.8 percentage points compared to the prevalence of high-māori photovoltaic operations and a long-term increase in the prices of low-pressure appliances in July.
1. "The positive-thai appliance report - the low pressure will continue to return and it appears that the share of direct sales by companies will continue to rise, while the efficiency gains associated with automation upgrades are expected to bring about warming, with the share of household photovoltaics exceeding 30% " , 2020.8.31
The demand for the second half of the low-pressure electrical business is significantly better than in the first half of the year.
The rapid growth of old and new infrastructure supports a certain degree of low-pressure demand recovery. Although q3 property completion data have not been significantly warming, there has been a significant increase in the area of new construction and sales, which is expected to continue to boost the momentum of completed side data. 1 Industry direct sales system: nearly 200 direct sales teams and companies.
Regional teams, working together and fully mobilizing the resources of distributors, have successfully developed customers in the fields of electricity, private construction, new energy sources, communications, etc..2 Globalization: the company has continued to gain profits and profits in the first half of the year, as a result of the repeated effects of the global epidemic, reflecting the regional concentration of manufacturing that it has built over the years.
Home-based photovoltaic-driven distribution machines continue to rise significantly. As of the first time, the latest data company, the photovolt machine, broke 5gw, q3, continues to add 765mw, with distribution machines reaching 3.5gw, which represents the ratio of total installed units.
The case is further raised to 69%. With the advantages of photovoltaic, electrical integration, and channel layout, companies are expected to use more than 2gw in the current year, and the company is further expanding its market in Shanxi and Shaanxi to continue to prepare households for the continued use of photovoltaics next year.
The company has also been active in promoting self-supply of core parts in the process of accelerating intelligent manufacturing, and has developed innovative products such as 5g1u circuit breakers, smart homes, electrical appliances, network breakers, and direct marketing in the industry.
(8621), 61357595 Macroeconomic warming is less than expected; property construction is less than expected; and the global epidemic is less moderate than expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment