I'm going to be a big fan of my life, and I'm going to be a big fan of my life, and I'm going to be a big fan of my life, and I'm going to be a big fan of my life, and I'm going to be a big fan of my life, and I'm going to be a big fan of my life, and I'm going to be a big fan of my life, and I'm going to be a big fan of my life, and I'm going to be a big fan of my life, and I'm going to be a big fan of my life, and I'm going to be a big fan of my life.
The sales of Cheng Zhen steel have gone a long way. 1) Sales have been growing at a very high rate, and earth storage, start-up and resellable values have strongly supported the continued growth of sales; 2) Focus on two lines, covering more than three or four lines, cloth.
Continued; 4) diversification of the two-wing operations is progressing well, enabling companies are better able to cope with the real-estate cycle. 5) Financing advantages are evident, and financial structures are robust.
The lifting of Ben, the larger stage, and possible future cooperative development are expected to further increase the size of the company; (2) equity incentives to achieve full coverage of mid- and senior-level cadres, to compensate for relatively weak incentives, to increase human stability: 3) projects and projects are moving forward, and to improve implementation and operational efficiency.
Total equity/currenta share (millions) has double-priced completion and performance release is assured. 1) The balance of unsold resources is sufficient, the previous year's settlement is restored, the settlement rate is expected to continue to improve and the performance release is of good quality.
The overall downside of the market was over-expected; 4) the consolidation of the Pavlo sector was not as effective as expected.1 Pavli Estates (600048): high sales growth and stability,2 and Pavli Property (600048), the semi-annual review of 2017:
Building Business Performance Indicators and Resource Integration Platform 3, Poly Property (600048): Co-consensus for Development 2016-04-28
4. Poly Estates (600048): bright performance, positive growth of Eastern financial and intellectual wealth Poly Estates (600048): over-achieving and over-exploiting.
East Hing Securities Insight Report, Paulie Estate (600048): "By the way you go, you go, you go, you go, you go, you go, you go, you go, you go, you go, you go, you go, you go, you go, you go, you go, you go, you go, you go, you go, you go, you go, you go.
Founded in 1992, after many years of steady and rapid growth, the company has grown into a “one-wing, two-wing” conglomerate based on real estate development and business, based on real estate finance and community consumption services. In 2017, the company was ranked fifth in the industry with $30.92 billion in contract sales, and the leader has grown stronger.
The main logic of a good company is that sales are growing at a high rate and are sustainable in hand, and that there is little uncertainty about focusing on the second-line and core urban clusters.
Integrating the Pavlo industry, resolving peer competition, and breaking down the bottlenecks of scale. Incentives are breaking down, and market-based incentives go further.
We believe that companies are at the beginning of a new journey, that sales and performance will sustain high and sustainable growth, and that industry will continue to grow. At the same time, solutions to such issues as competition, incentives, etc., will significantly boost the internal and external dynamics of firms, and sustained and clear financing advantages will help companies to cope with industry cycles.
And the advantages are not being fully reflected in the company’s valuations.
Figure 3: Corporate development, 1. Multiply sales, ambitious claims, 30,92 billion dollars in 2017, fifth in the country, 47.2 per cent more than in the same year.
At the same time, a return to the first three goals underscores the company’s attitude, confidence, and vision for the future. For the next three years, we believe that corporate sales will continue to grow at a higher rate: there is sufficient value for the goods to be sold, and sales will increase at a higher rate.
The competition between colleagues is lifted and the stage is wider.
Figure 7: Growth of sales by selected housing enterprises Figure 6: Growth of sales by selected housing enterprises
Corporate sales are supported by the full range of available value, start-up and land reserves, and are expected to maintain a relatively high increase in sales over the next two to three years.
As of June 2018, the marketable area of the company (conservable area) was approximately 82.27 million square metres, based on the average annual sales price of the company of 148,000 yuan per square metre, corresponding value.
Poly Estates (600048): Ignorances of ambition are growing. Figure 9: Planned new work, actual start-up and completion rates for the calendar year. Figure 8: Console area at the end of the calendar year and coverage of sales for the year.
Figure 11: The area under construction and the pace of growth in the calendar year, based on the current project distribution and the location of the current year, the company as a whole continues to focus on the two-line, urban-based company layouts, which are mostly located in major urban clusters such as the Pearl Triangle, the Long Triangle, and the Shunt.
The two main urban centres of the triangle and the long triangle are 4,124 million square metres, or about 46% of the total.
The second line is dominated. Instead of benefiting from the second line’s relatively good basics, policy changes such as monetization and exit from the market have had a relatively small impact on companies, and sales are expected to continue to outperform the average size of the plate.
The company’s pace of land acquisition slowed in the first half of the year, but remained relatively positive, influenced by regional policy on the layout, and the price of land prices rose. The main reason was that, while the land market was hot, prices were limited in some cities.
Market overheating and regulatory policies remain tight, and the decline in the area sales ratio reflects the company's development and sales from the ground up to the third year, so the temporary slowdown in the pace of the takedown will not lead to a greater future performance of the company.
Figure 15: Land taken and sales sold in calendar years Figure 14: Land area and sales in calendar years Figure 16: Price of land taken and sales in calendar years
Figure 17: Trends in price ratios for selected housing enterprises 1.4 Real estate finance + community service operations capture the future of the present configuration, while focusing on real estate development, companies insist on expanding real estate finance and community consumer services.
In 2017, the two-wing business generated $8.7 billion in operating income, an increase of 14.23 per cent, representing 5.96 per cent of the company's total operating income, bringing a gross profit to the company of $3.38 billion.
Figure 18: Operating income and growth rate of two-wing operations Figure 19: Property operations and Mäori ratio of two-wing operations Figure 20: Poly Real Estate Financial Arrangement
Figure 21: Polyproperty Community Consumer Services Operating System
1.4.1 Real estate finance: good synergies between real estate finance operations and corporate ownership, on the one hand, and the ability of companies to raise funds for the future, combining real estate development and fund investment, on the other hand, to expand external financing schemes, on the other hand
Pauly’s capital is focused on new economic equity investments, and strategic deployment of future growth points.
Figure 22: Size and speed of asset management in ISF, Figure 23: Zoo-Tech products (Pauli Capital Investment) - 3d mobile cinemas #3d mobile cinemas
Table 1: The financial layout of the company ' s real estate operations 1.4.2 Community services: property + commercial layout-related diversification in the area of community consumer services, company focus on property services, community commerce, the elderly industry, building on real estate
Business creates owner resources for diversified development in the area of community consumer services.
To date, the company has developed a service landscape of high-end housing, writing buildings, star hotels, tourist resorts, industrial parks, schools, hospitals, etc., covering 60 large and medium-sized cities across the country, including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Chengdu and Changchun.
In 2017, the Pavli industry achieved business income of RMB 3.24 billion, resulting in a net profit of RMB 230 million to the mother. The contract management area of 1.74.23 million square metres, an increase of 44.75 per cent over the previous year.
The project’s comprehensive services will provide community owners with a one-stop consumer experience. As of June 2018, 138 community commercial stores had been opened.
Figure 24: Poly Property Management Project: Polly Square, Guangzhou
Figure 27: Poly Property Management Project: Polystone Lake Mozart Estate, the source of financial prosperity in the East: Poly Estate (600048).
In addition to sales and performance, we believe that the changes and integration that have been and are taking place in the company are of equal concern, and that the failure of incentives and business integration will enhance the firm's long-term core competitiveness.
These changes and integrations lie in the “personality” of the company relative to the whole section, and are not fully reflected in the company’s assessment that the consolidation of the Pavli estate industry has opened, and that competition among colleagues has largely been lifted. The second stage of equity incentives has opened, with incentives extended to middle-level cadres.
The project has been well advanced, and the same people have won. 2.1 Consolidation of the uncompetitiveness of the Pavlo industry has made substantial progress in the integration of 20 per cent of the indirect acquisition of shares by 2.1.1
The Equity Bill proposes to buy 50 per cent of the shares held by the Poly (Hong Kong) Holdings Limited on a cash basis at a transaction price of 2,382 million yuan and to cover 50 per cent of the shareholdings of the Hong Kong Holdings on loan principal and unpaid interest payable to the shareholders of the Group, which is 2,771 million yuan.
At present, the transfer of shares has been completed, the company holds 50 per cent of the shares in Paulie (Hong Kong) Holdings Ltd., the company actually owns 40.39 per cent of voting rights and indirectly 20.2 per cent of the shares in the Paulie Group, since the holdings hold 39.7 per cent of the shares in the PSL, and it is clear that both the consolidation of real estate and the new development projects in the PSG will be carried out primarily in the interest of the property.
Substantial progress has been made towards integration, and the issue of peer competition has largely been resolved.
Figure 31: Mäori ratio: Päli property & Päli estate 32: Business income: Päli property & Päli estate 33: Net profits: Päli property & Päläli
2.1.2 Corporate competition has largely been removed from the wider arena, and companies are no longer subject to peer competition in their urban choices, and future sales are expected to increase. The number of overlaps between companies and the Pavli sector increased from 6 to 10 in 2017, to a certain extent.
Given that companies do not currently disclose other information on integration with the industry, we expect that, in the future, it will be possible for the industry to develop in the form of a partnership of equity, which will be accompanied by a merger of the company’s property, taking into account a number of factors.
The source of financial growth in the East, the Pavlé estate (600048): a great deal of ambition, in the form of a return on investment. This will increase both the size of the operating income and the amount of the sales.
In terms of operating income, given the listed company identity of the Pavlí estate, we believe that in future cooperation, the net profit of the Pavlí estate through the return on investment will not be less than the current level. On the basis of a net profit measure in 2017, it is assumed that Pavl will account for 40% of the equity share, and the corresponding revenues will be RMB 39,03 billion, representing the profit margins of the project company.
The percentage of revenue collected in 2017 was 26.7 per cent.
Sales, which are expected to double with the entry of Poly Estates. In 2017, the Poly Estates were sold at $40.2 billion, and the Poly Estates took over, with potential sales of about $80 billion, and 2.2 equity incentives, which represented the sales of Poly Estates in 2017, covered a wider range of medium- and upper-level dynamics.
In 2016, the company’s Shareholders’ Congress considered and adopted the second equity incentive scheme, giving the company 682 employees an equity stake incentive of 1.2978 million shares. This equity incentive represents a significant increase in both number and range compared to the first.
The range of incentives has also expanded. From the deputy general manager of a subsidiary, assistant general manager to the deputy manager of a subsidiary department, and assistant general manager of a professional firm.
A closer combination would help to address the relatively weak incentives for companies, with greater momentum in the middle and upper echelons. Table 3: The content of the two equity incentive schemes, the source of financial prosperity in the East
At the end of 2017, the company’s board of directors passed the Bill on Implementation of Real Estate Projects and Investments, which empowers management to establish and implement the corresponding rules.
Personnel are involved in and invested in compliance investment structures such as the requisitioning of dedicated funds management plans or trust plans, and the costs, losses, and associated risks are borne by individual contractors. The company has implemented several projects this year, and one-line staff and some headquarters managers will be able to split them in the future.
Further improvements in project development benefits, homogeneity, corporate implementation and management efficiency are expected.
Unsold resources and high settlement coverage provide rich ground for the company's performance, and future performance.
Figure 34: Outstanding amounts and coverage of settlement amounts from calendar year to year 3.2 Completion of the two-priced increase accelerates the release of performance by the double increase in the planned completion of the construction area and the average settlement price, which we expect to accelerate the release of the company's performance in the current year
Conditions, a simultaneous increase in the average price of completed and settled construction will provide double insurance for the company’s settlement and will provide a strong incentive to accelerate the growth of the company’s completed area. The company’s plan for 2018 is 19 million square metres, an increase of 22.3% over the previous year’s actual completed area, which is nearly six years higher.
As the completion rate continues to be repaired, we expect the completion rate of the company to be 100% for the current year, corresponding to an area of 19 million square metres, an increase of 22.3% over the same year, with a steady increase in the average settlement price.
The average settlement price was $10,500 per square metre in the first half of 2018, taking into account the rollover of the high-priced project camera, we expect the average balance to be $11,000 per square in 2018.
3.3 The increase in the short-term Māori rate for high Māori projects in the carry-over period has gradually increased as the first two years of high Māori projects have entered the carry-over period.
As a leader in the real estate sector, the cost of corporate debt funds has remained low in the industry for many years, with clear financing advantages.
In the first half of 2018, companies added $79.6 billion in interest-bearing liabilities, with a combined cost of just 5.09%, total interest-bearing liabilities at 4.86%, and interest-bearing liabilities at a significantly lower cost than industry averages. Most of them in the broader context of the continuing lack of a clear shift in leverage, pressure on the sale of merchandise houses, and persistent financial constraints in the industry.
In the long run, greater difficulty in accessing finance will reduce the competitiveness of housing enterprises in the land market and will have a long-term negative impact on the company’s position in the city.
In the short term, the shortage of funds will weaken the ability of housing firms to compete at the end of the sale, especially in the context of the current high price limits, and trigger a drop in future settlement of the Māori rate.
Thus, we believe that the firm ' s clear advantage at the end of the financing process will translate into a dual advantage in land acquisition and project sales, and in the current context will raise the company ' s valuation: indirectly, by increasing its share of land, it will increase future city ownership and market position.
Access to more playing space in a universal regulatory context to mitigate the downside risk of Maori rates. Figure 39: Average annual financing costs of some housing enterprises are affected by accelerated land and sales expansion, and corporate leverage has increased, but remains within a reasonable range, we believe.
On the one hand, the recovery in leverage has been driven by a more passive increase in sales, and, more importantly, by a surge in active leverage brought about by a reboot in firms’ rapid expansion. In terms of net debt ratios, a year of sharp recovery after the same low point in 2017.
On the whole, it is clear that the firm began to return to accelerated expansion in 2017, and we expect that the level of corporate leverage will remain reasonably high in the short term, and that the risks will remain manageable.
Operating income: In real estate business, based on the company ' s completion plan, the projected completion rate and the average expected settlement price, we expect the company ' s real estate business revenue for the current year to be $182.3 billion, and in 2019 and 2020, based on the list of projects and reasonable settlement progress, we expect real estate business revenue to be $24.4 billion and $318.5 billion. In the two-wing business area, we expect to be $248.5 billion and $318.5 billion.
Steady growth will be maintained, extrapolating over the first three years the two-wing operating income of $12.1 billion over the next three years, Māori rate: in real estate business, we calculate the weighted average Māori settlement rate for all items as Māori for the company ' s real estate business and six months of settlement of the Māori rate and past sales with the company.
We estimate the net assets of the company on the basis of its current projects and land reserves. According to our calculations, there are more than three or four lines of cities with higher asset quality and very large security margins.
Table 4: nav valuation table: Merchant Snakes 8.5x, Green Land Holding 7.4x. Given the company's remarkable strengths and uniqueness, we give companies what we think is the starting point for a new journey, where sales and performance will sustain high and sustainable growth, industry status.
At the same time, solutions to such issues as peer competition, incentives, etc., will significantly enhance the internal and external dynamics of the company, and a sustained and clear financing advantage will help the company to cope with the industry cycle. We believe that these uniqueness and advantages of the company are not currently fully reflected in the company’s valuation.
Focusing on second-line and core urban clusters, there is little uncertainty. Integration of the interest-based industry, addressing competition among peers, and the removal of bottlenecks of scale.
Incentives break down, market-based incentives go further. Sustained and clear financing advantages. Trader snakes 8.5x, green-field holdings 7.4x. Given the company’s remarkable advantages and uniqueness, we give it
The Eastern financial and intellectual boom is 10 times higher, at a price of $18.5 per ps in 2018. At the same time, the company’s share of $17.9 per unit is less than expected.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wisdom in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East.
The fourth place in the real estate industry. In 2016, the research assistant in the investment of Sky-Eye real estate industry will present an overview.
Qinghua University has a strong civil engineering major, a two-degree law degree, three years of work in the real estate industry, a first-level registered builder, and a middle-level real estate economist.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.