The company was founded in 92 as a large state-owned real estate listed company with holdings held by China’s Polypolitik, a large company managed by the State Treasury Committee of the State Council. After 25 years of development, the company grew into a home-based company.
The “one main two-wing” of real estate finance and community consumption services, which is dominated by real estate development, s034051304001
Housing products are adapted to the regional layout of market demand. Firmly focused on the central city's urban layout strategy, the company insists on deep farming for the three major urban clusters and the surrounding regions and important nodes. 27 July 2018
In 17 years, the project was expanded by 204 projects with an additional volume of 45.2 million square metres, at a total cost of 276.5 billion square metres. The urban cluster is a central, multi-point urban site in the central, Chengjing and West Bank regions of the Straits, with over 90 million square metres of land resources to be developed in 92 cities throughout the country.
The advantages of M & As acquisition are highlighted. Companies have successfully integrated into the B & A industry and Chinese properties, and the results of R & T integration are highlighted. Future companies will further demarketize their access, including through M & & A integration.
In real estate finance, corporate accumulated funds are managed on a scale of 78.5 billion, of which 63.7 billion are managed by ISF, and 148 billion are managed by the Poly Capital. The Poly Property Industry has made a smooth landing on the new three boards, taking the first step in capital operations.
At the same time, the company’s continued stability is expected to be higher, we measure and 5.3%, close to the bank’s interest rate, and the value of the investment is high. The company’s “recommended” investment is maintained.
After 10 years of solid development in 1992, the Paulie Real Estate was successfully restructured in 2002 and began implementing a strategy of nationalization, strengthening professionalization and continuous cross-cutting development, the company being a large State-owned building owned by the China Poly Group Limited, a large central enterprise managed by the State Treasury Committee of the State Council.
Listed companies, also the main operating platform for real estate operations in China’s Pauly Group Ltd., are now fully integrated into the nationalization strategy of Guangzhou, Beijing and Shanghai, covering 57 cities, with 292 holding companies, with operations extended to real estate development, architectural design, engineering, property management, sales agents and business fairs.
After 25 years of professional development, the company has grown into a “one-headed two-wing” based on real estate development and business, with real estate finance and community consumption services.
By the end of 2017, the company had a brand value of $52.83 billion, and for eight consecutive years, the Institute had jointly launched China's 100% real estate company, ranking fourth in 2017.
Corporate performance has continued to grow rapidly over the years, generating value for investors.
In the case of residential products, the Paulie estates form the four main product series of healthy, good living, Qualitative, glory, gardening, linguistic, champagne, etc.
Business includes commercial writing buildings, high-end recreational properties, star hotels, trade fairs, shopping centres, city complexes, etc.
In terms of regional layouts, under the long-standing regulatory and regulatory tone of multi-subject, multi-channel, lease-purchase-and-purchase, companies are firmly committed to a nuclear-centric urban cluster strategy, and to deep cultivation of the three major urban clusters and surrounding regions and important nodes. At the same time, based on the current trend of market segmentation and regulation, and based on a basic investment strategy for urban deep-farming,
This is complemented by market rotations, block cycle opportunities, and enhanced differentiated investment strategies. In 17 years, companies have achieved a total of 204 project expansions, with an additional volume of 45.2 million square metres at a total cost of $276.5 billion.
By the end of June, 18 years, the company had more than 70 new acquisition projects, amounting to about 110 billion people, a significant increase over the same period.
Figure 6: The cost of land is on the same scale as the growth of the company, which is currently forming a cluster of cities with more than 90 million square metres of land to develop in 92 cities around the country, centred on the Pearl Triangle, the Long Triangle, and the Kyojin-Jin-Hing clusters, with more than a few flowering in the central, Seng-jin, and the West Bank, among others.
The development needs for the next 2-3 years also lay the foundation for a sustained and rapid growth in sales. Of these, the land reserves of the two-line cities account for about 63%, the three-line cities account for about 37%, and the overall regional layout is good.
Overall, companies have been active in replenishing their resources over the last two years, while they have gained a relatively high share of resources over the past 17 years, including through M&As, which has allowed them to manage their overall costs properly, highlighting their advantages; and the area of layout is dominated by one or two lines, three or four lines.
The Bureau has also focused on areas around the core cities, such as the Pearl Triangle, the Long Triangle and the Kyaw Jinjin, to lay the groundwork for continued rapid development in the future and to maintain the industry’s first echelons.
In terms of Māori sales and net profit on sales, the gold period of high profit margins in the industry has passed, owing to the continued regulatory influence of the real estate sector over the past decade and the suppression of gross interest rates and net profit margins in the industry as a whole. The center of Māori and net profit rates in the company as a whole has also moved downwards from previous years in the industry as a whole.
In absolute terms, the profit margin has also remained at an ideal level, with the company’s overall profitability ideal. In 17 years, the aggregate gross interest rate was 31.05%, an increase of 2.05 percentage points over the same period last year, with the gross real estate settlement rate rising by 2.48 percentage points.
The overall settlement of the Māori and net profit rates will remain at the desired level. With regard to financing, companies take full advantage of their strengths, constantly explore and innovate ways of financing, creating diversified financing channels supported by bank credit, equity financing, direct debt financing, and innovative financing, which makes companies develop differently in the industry.
At the same time, the company has gained a high degree of trust and confidence from a variety of financial institutions, and has a remarkable low-cost financing capacity. In 17 years, the company added $12.6 billion in interest-bearing debt, resulting in a net increase of $92.4 billion in interest-bearing debt.
A total of $356.3 billion was awarded to the Division. Of this total, $151.8 billion has been used, leaving $20.45 billion in unused letters.
The company attaches great importance to market-based M&As as one of the important ways to supplement its resources. In 2017, the Department acquired 81 projects in aggregate, with an additional volume of 21.9 million square metres, up to 48% of the total land area.
Eleven projects under the company’s flag have been acquired, with an additional planned volume of approximately 5.38 million square metres. To date, the company’s integration with the real estate operations of China Aviation Industries Group Ltd. has been largely completed, with the company buying 20 projects in 15 cities, including Guangzhou, Nanjing, Chengdu, and the additional planned volume of 9.1 million square metres in a batched manner.
On the other hand, the company’s cash acquisition of 50% of the equity in Paulie (Hong Kong) Holdings Ltd. was approved with a high vote by the Shareholder’s Congress. The company will integrate real estate operations in China’s Paulie Group Ltd. and further expand its operations in the region.
Companies have been successfully integrated into the Pavli estate industry and Chinese air property, and M&A integration gains have been highlighted. Future non-market access to resources, such as through M&A consolidation, is to be expected.
In the case of real estate finance, which is based on real estate funds and inclusive finance, the company develops in collaboration with the main industry and integrates the industrial chain up and down, exploring the layout of the frontier industries, and nurturing the company’s new business growth poles.
On the other hand, building a system of industry-wide funds that serve both sides of the business to boost the Fund’s growth and counter-breathing of the private sector. Third, integrating the company’s high-quality resources, using capital instruments such as abbs, reits, and foundations, to achieve high-quality property.
In terms of community-based consumer services, companies focus on property services, community commerce, long-lease apartments, building on real estate development and real estate development.
In real estate finance, corporate accumulated funds are managed on a scale of 78.5 billion yuan, of which 63.7 billion yuan is accumulated by ISF, which is assessed as “the top 10 real estate funds” for the sixth consecutive year; and 14.8 billion yuan is accumulated by ISF.
In community consumption services, the company has successfully landed on the new three-board capital operation. In 17 years, the industry achieved business income of $3.24 billion, resulting in a net profit of $230 million to the mother. The contract management area of 174.23 million square metres, an increase of 44.75 per cent over the same period. In 17 years, the number of new project contracts reached 2,37.9 million square metres, an increase of 52 per cent over the same period.
On the basis of traditional residential property, commercial property, the organization of higher education institutions, government, industrial parks, hospitals, etc. On the business side, the company’s corporate management company has accumulated 1.6 million square metres of commercial space to achieve operating income.
In six cities, such as Wuhan, Changsha, Tianjin, the company has made autonomous shopping centre brands: in Lanzhou, Changzhou, and Yunfung, it produces autonomous hotel brands, and has obtained a 10 branding partnership offer from the four major hotel management groups around the world.
7. The valuation is at a historically low rate of dividends attracted by the planned completion of direct investment in real estate and related industries of 2570 billion yuan over 18 years, the planned opening of 33 million square metres of new construction, the planned completion of 19 million square metres of construction, and, overall, the availability of sufficient resources for sale throughout the year to achieve higher sales expectations of 400 billion dollars.
At the same time, the settlement that will result from the completion of the work will be a strong guarantee of performance. The company’s performance for the next two years is expected to grow faster.
In recent years, companies have introduced investment and equity incentives to stimulate internal dynamism, providing incentives for firms to continue to grow faster. At a time when firms are bold enough to reform their lead over other conglomerates.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.