The Center for Research in Resources and the Environment (CREDES) has a history of 22% of the constant q3 profits.
Helium petrochemical q3 performance is largely in line with expectations. Helium petrochemicals have achieved operating income in the first quarter of the third quarter.
The net profit was 2,796 million yuan, an increase of 53.28 per cent over the same period, the best performance for the same period, which is basically in line with me 3. "If the 10 billion profit is only the bottom limit of the profit? "Accordingly, we split the constant fossilized profit, we expect the refinery to earn 1,798 million yuan in three quarters.
Pta achieves profits of 814 million yuan, and polyester achieves profits of about 145 million yuan.
The three-quarter production of the Helium Pulse Refinery, which is more than 90% of its plant load, has significantly exceeded our three-quarter expectations for the refinery. And as a result of its actual procurement, the crude oil price is about 120 yuan/ton above the Brent average, making our one-ton profit estimate.
The three quarters of the consumption tax affected profits of $540 million, with a significant increase in the ring over the second quarter, and a marked increase in the sale of finished oil products. The four quarters of helium petrochemical profits or transport disturbance, which we consider to be an evental disturbance, in which
Next year’s likely return to normal: affected by the distant events of the United States sanctions, crude oil prices rose rapidly, resulting in a narrow spread in oil prices in the company’s four quarters, with four quarters’ performance having a certain impact.
The depth of the sequestering river lies in the fact that the advanced process of refining the device and the advantage of scale are behind it, that the industrial chain integration package has a very low-cost global advantage of clustering in a single park, that barriers are extremely high, and that large-scale coal consumption indicators are pre-eminent in a more environmentally sound policy environment.
The depth of the smelting moat lies in the strength of the three forces, which sustains the excess profit for long periods of time. Given the distance of the United States sanctions, the rapid pulse rise in crude oil prices has had a non-recurring effect on the company in a single quarter, reducing net profits from $10.2 billion to $9.5 billion throughout 2019, and fine-tuning their resilience.
1. Crude oil single-way large-scale decline risk 2. Serious deterioration in demand for textile clothing 3. Policy and external export Risk for the sale of finished oils due to quota restrictions 4. Geopolitic risk 5. Project schedule/load is not as fast as anticipated.
Theatre 9. Downward risks in the global economic cycle 10. Other force majeure impacts. I. Sustained q3 performances differ from our expectations.
The tri-quarter performance has been deconstructed. First, we analyse the difference between the operational data and the realized prices and our projections. (1) The load rise is beyond expectations.
Based on the operating data disclosed by the three quarters of Helium petrochemicals, 4.34 million tons of px can be deducted from the study of Helium petrochemicals. If non-aromatic hydrocarbon products are produced at the end of the year, approximately 16.16 million tons of chemical products and oil are produced in the first quarter, approximately 4.04 million tons of chemical products and finished oil are produced in the first quarter.
During the second quarter of the cycle, the excess load is expected to increase in theory by about $270 million. (2) Exchange rate movements are reflected directly in oil prices, resulting in lower exchange rate gains.
The exchange rate changes are reflected directly in the crude oil purchase price rather than in the product in the form of exchange gains and losses, and therefore need to be added back to the $250 million in exchange gains and losses that we had originally forecast. Our report for the third quarter of our constant performance is based on a two-quarter data loop, so...
The loss of over-expected changes in the real price of major products amounts to 750 million yuan, and (4) the expected decline in the price of polyesters is insufficient.
We're overestimated by about $130 million, and if we consider the $250 million in exchange and the 270 million in load uplift, it's three quarters.
Performance should be 31+2.5+2.7-7.5-1.3 = $2.74 billion, to a higher degree. We look at the sustainability of the company’s three-quarter influences from a going concern perspective: the US-China trade war has been volatile for the benefit of the industry chain by influencing the demand side of garments.
In view of the fact that the new imo shipping regulations have a more sustained effect on the demand for low sulfur diesel fuel, and the supply side of the old installations, we believe that the new imo shipping regulations will provide a certain premium for low sulfur wood oil over the next 2-3 years, while exchange rate movements, the China-United States trade war, and profit fluctuations in the polyester industry chain are all part of the equation.
In the short term, the effect on stifling petrochemicals is a non-continuing effect.
According to the three-quarterly paper and operating data, the following split profits were disclosed: the refinery made profits of $1,798 million, while the pta device made profits of $813 million and the long wire 145 million. It is easy to see that the main factor in the decline of the ring over the second quarter is the px-pta-polyester chain.
Profit benefits from increased loads, and profits continue to rise. 2.2 Taxes on the consumption of finished oils have increased considerably in the three-quarterly reports on taxes and additional items, amounting to $113 million per six-month period.
By $743 million, we expect this to be due to a marked increase in taxes on the consumption of finished oils. (1) This is irrelevant to real profits, since in the calculation of profits, the value added tax (VAT) and the excise tax (CAT) have been deducted in advance from the price, using non-taxed prices to measure profits.
(2) The significant increase in the consumption tax for the three quarters reflects a marked increase in the sales volume of solid fossilized finished oils compared to the second quarter, and in the sales of manufactured oils for installations on track.
A more obvious one-quarter rise. (1) We believe that there has been a marked improvement in the production capacity of finished oils and chemical products, resulting from refinery loads. From the increase in the volume of finished oil, it is possible to verify a significant increase in the consumption tax.
The reason for pta’s trade is that it is in the north-east, while Changsi is mostly in Jiangsu, which requires maritime transport. If it is possible to buy pta from Jiangsu by selling it in the north-east of China, it is possible to save freight costs through trade.
The price of the oil-px-pta-polyester whole-sector chain has risen significantly, generating the highest single-quarter profit in history before the constant refining of cars.  Our three-quarter price analysis, the price of polyester products has generally fallen by more than 10%, and polyesters have generally fallen by more than 10%.
Prices at the end of px-pta fell relatively low, and ethanol fell by 35%, which was a major factor in the decline in profits in the industrial chain. The crude oil and coal prices also fell by about 10% in January-September, and were weakly supported at the cost end.
Figure 9: pta-px price differential (excluding taxes, in yuan/tons) Figure 10: Fody-pta price differential (excluding taxes, in yuan/tons) Figure 11: px - original oil price differential (in yuan/tons)
On 22 October 2019, the China Civil Aviation Authority issued the Technical Standards Project Approval Letter (ctsoa) and the Civil Aviation Oil Monitoring Unit Approval Letter to the Heath Refining Authority, officially authorizing Jet 3 fuel produced by Heath Refining to be airworthy and be commercially available. This also means persistence.
After petrochemicals, aviation kerosene can supply Chinese oil directly and reduce the cost of intermediate trade. The Helium petrochemical code provides for 3.71 million tons of aviation kerosene, and if there is a reduction in intermediate trade costs of $100 per ton of kerosene, there will be an increase in profits of around $300 million a year.
This project has the potential to integrate the carbon four resources of the sequestered ether.
Super-carbon IV-bdo-butyric acid-pbs, closed ring utilization of carbon IV.  On October 18, 2019, the core system of gas-hydrogenation units for the constant 1.5 million tons of ethylene project was officially carried out.
The ethylene unit is usually driven by a three-thirty-thirty-thirty reactor, decarbonized first, then decarbonized nine, hydrogenized six to eight parts of carbon, rehydrated to the aromatic pumping unit (the first set of px).
The car was not marked, but the cracking gas-hydrogen unit was quickly ready to start work, again demonstrating the constant efficiency! According to a news release from the company's network, on 27 September 2019, the constant power of 1.5 million tons of ethylene per year.
At the conference, Chairman Chen Jianhua of the Helium Group requested that the construction be completed on October 30th, 2019. According to the normal driving schedule of the chemical unit, the helium unit is expected to be partially equipped by the end of the year. (Chemical units usually drive backwards, start with public works, and then profit downstream.)
In our view, there will be a certain increase in the oil-refining load in the fourth quarter: once the synergies between ethylene-led chemical and oil-refining devices are demonstrated, there are some short-term disruptions and seasonalities in the industry in the fourth quarter:
1. The United States sanctions against distant groups have led to a sharp rise in crude oil prices in October. The difference in the price of single barrels of crude oil from the normal margin of $1-2 to $8.
The continuation of the incident has yet to be observed, and the current shipping price has narrowed to $4-5 and is still above the normal pta facility ' s expected high level of repair: pta ' s first line is expected to rotate with pta ' s second line, pta ' s pta ' s pta ' s, in the fourth quarter, to reduce the rate at which it starts.
There are two lines, Han Pinocchio, Kawa and Pompeii petrochemicals. Although the New Phoenix monolithic energy pta has a greater probability of coming into production, the pta’s profitable space is expected to remain in place because of the higher number of pta inspections and lower start-up rates in four quarters.
As a result of the early 2020 season, polyesters are stored in storage. Given that winter dress production usually orders polyester materials two to three months in advance.
4. It is expected that the plant will be put into production in the fourth quarter of the year and will be re-established in the first quarter of next year. Because of the close difference between the annual report and the first quarterly report, there are reports next quarter of the year that see the ECM suit.
The next quarter is expected because of the strong synergies with the refinery. 5.imo202020 new rules are about to come down, and the aviation kerosene is airworthy for mid-ship oil.
The profits from petrochemical coal and diesel fuel are expected to expand. The refinery is usually not over-yeardreathed, operating steadily throughout the year, and the capacity load is expected to continue to rise, so there is no need to be pessimistic about the profits of the plant.
▪ Helium petrochemicals as the first set of private refining devices in seven petrochemical bases, with what kind of moats determine whether or not helium petrochemicals will be able to stabilize profits in the future and reap excess benefits.
(1) Fullest dry gas recovery (2) All slag oils are boiled with hydrogen, and currently the only (3) single set of px yields in the country is the largest in the world and the largest ratio of px to refinery size in the country
▪ Stifler Ethylene is the largest ethylene device in the country today (1) 1.5 million tonnes/year, the largest before 1.2 million tonnes/year, and the scale effect is not based on dry gas light hydrocarbons, with 500,000 tonnes of 1.5 million tonnes of ethylene produced annually from ethane propane
Raw material, ethanepropane, derived from refinery dry gas recovery at extremely low prices (formerly used as fuel gas), meets the requirement of lightening the raw material. Helium petrochemicals have a target of 10 million tons of coal, 5 million tons for self-propelled power plants and 5 million tons for coal.
Gasification, with products containing gas, methanol, acetic acid. Smelting is complementary to gas-carried moats. (1) Coal use indicators will become more difficult as environmental protection increases in the future. (2) The cost of electricity and steam is reduced through self-fired coal thermal power plants.
(3) Large-scale coal-fired hydrogen units produce hydrogen, thereby serving the refinery's whole-hydrogen process;
In the future, new installations can buy the same technology, and investments are large enough to achieve the same standard. Then coal indicators are pre-optimal, environmental policies are tightened in the future, and massive coal-use indicators are repeated directly affecting the share of coal consumed in primary energy consumption at the local and even national levels.
It's even more difficult. The unique moats of strength petrochemicals are made up of both.  According to our industry report, "The market seriously understates the value of the big smelting plates, with the ultimate survival measure! " , helium petrochemicals have an excess profit of about $5.2 billion, which is enough to see that helium petrochemicals are deep.
Taking into account the impact of the rapid pulse rise in crude oil prices in October, we reduced our long-term fossilization performance from $10.2 billion to $9.5 billion in 2019.
Quarterly $500 million (a quarterly report reveals), Quarter 3.5 billion (a quarterly report discloses), Quarter 3 (a three-quarter report)
1. The risk of a single-way, large-scale decline in crude oil is that US shale oil will be released in the second half of 2019 to 2020 as a result of the build-up of pipelines.
Saudi crude oil production has returned to normal, while Iran’s crude oil exports have been difficult to return to zero at the outset, putting some pressure on oil prices. Although Opec’s production is declining, there is still a risk that oil prices will continue to fall sharply on a one-way basis, with a risk of loss of stocks of crude oil and products for the refinery.
Project progress/load is not as high as expected 2.1 device load fluctuations  The project may have experienced fluctuations in the installation of new equipment/processes during the trial production period due to initial commissioning
3. Serious demand for textile clothing has deteriorated.
The Chinese-American trade war has continued with repeated shocks to the garment chain downstream of polyesters. Under the conditions of force majeure, there is a risk of serious deterioration in demand for textile clothing.
For chemicals, however, controls are relatively loose and free trade is possible. Helium petrochemicals pose a risk of sales of finished oils because they do not have a zero-line supply of finished oils and export quotas.
10. Impact of other force majeure Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, followed by an average calculation of the final rating as average market investment