The Center for Medical Health Research, the Tunning price recovery, looks forward to the announcement of the production of innovative medicines, company fundamentals (RMK)
The fluid plate was affected by the epidemic, and the damage was severe: the number of intra-hospital consultations and surgeries decreased by the same amount in January-April of this year, while the general population’s habits improved, reducing the number of common diseases of flu fever.
There has been a marked decline in the demand for medicines. The company's infusion plate 20h1 generated approximately $3.793 billion, a decline in the same year.
74% due mainly to the inclusion of financial costs; if the impact of financial costs is not taken into account, the profit is expected to be about $150 million.
The new generic drug sales are on track, and the consistency evaluation is in the harvest period: the company h1 new generics sales are on target, amounting to about $920 million in total, or about 23 per cent in the same year; and the Coreshu, Barot, Dot + Domonte varieties are sold at $250 million, $140 million, and 340 million, respectively, in the context of the epidemic.
1.1-8.20 A total of 16 drug productions were declared, of which nine (first of two) were generic and seven were evaluated consistently. Four varieties and six specifications were selected from the third batch of collectors, benefiting from the incremental logic. Research and development inputs continued to grow, and innovative medicines were expected to be declared for the first time this year: the company invested 769 million yuan.
This represents an increase of 10.4 per cent and a cost of $686 million, which continues to increase research and development investment in the context of the epidemic. Innovative drugs have expanded more rapidly, including pd-l1, egfr, vegf, etc.
In the second half of the year, pd-l1 is expected to be produced as the company’s first innovative drug species. Given the short-term damage caused by the epidemic, the Tronning price traps, the amount of counterfeit drugs distributed, and the clinical effects of the innovation, the impact of the epidemic on the infusion business, the volatility of Trentin’s prices, and the increase in income tax.
▪ Uncertainty in clinical progress at home and abroad in the study of varieties: the risk of competition after counterfeiting: uncertainty about the negative impact of the epidemic on the fluids, etc.: uncertainty about the performance of the Trunchin intermediate price volatility.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment