iRities Centre for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE)
High-growth double-dip poles are domestic steel-information-carrying poles, third-party idc-led companies, both of which are in the upward cycle. Since their inception, the company has been working in the field of iron and steel-information for over 40 years.
From the beginning, using shareholder resource advantages, the Idc operation began to be actively deployed, with a collection of more than 1 billion people at the end of 2018, and 26.5 million in the planning cabinets, one of the leading companies in the country, idc. For the benefit of the industry and its own resources, brands, etc., the company ' s idc and steel information services.
Idc has a resource advantage, contributes to stable profits and cash flows, and there is much room for growth in the future. The domestic Idc industry is growing rapidly, and will be at a long-term high-profile stage, driven by cloud computing. First-line cities are relatively scarce, owing to downstream demand distribution and policy constraints. Companies rely on large shares.
The company has implemented four phases of the idc project, with a 100% signing rate, a minimum ten-year contract duration, guaranteed landing rate, and a projected contribution of all deliverables.
Software development has fully benefited the iron and steel industry’s informationization and internal needs within the BMW group, with high levels of certainty. Companies have over 50% of the market in the iron and steel mes field (companies’ network data), and industry stands out.
In addition, the company will benefit fully as a head iron and steel info company. The company’s demand for information generated by mergers and acquisitions, as well as by its intellectual ability to adapt, brings a large amount of orders to the company and is the backbone of the company’s software development business.
The company’s iron and steel information business has developed with great certainty, based on the industry’s position and internal resource advantages. Internet vendor idc needs less than expected; the steel industry’s information spending is less than expected; and the company idc builds.
1. Corporate profile: Reliance on Treasure Steel shares and the Treasure Group, Iron Informatization and idc Business Resonance Shanghai Bosin Software Co. Ltd. (hereinafter "Possior Software") is a domestic steel infomization and a third party.
One of the leading companies in the idc service sector, whose products and services were distributed across a wide range of industries, such as steel, transport, medicine, and the former Shanghai Treasure Steel Automation Department, established in 1978, which was independent in 1996 and limited in software, was handed over in 2001 through the overall asset exchange with Shanghai Steel Pipelines Ltd.
The company is under the effective control of China’s BMW Steel Group Ltd. and the BMW Steel Company Ltd.
There are great advantages to the company’s iron and steel intelification and idc’s major development, such as the creation of the Treasure Cloud Idc project, which rents the Treasure Steel stock in Shanghai.
Corporate development benefits from iron and steel informatization and idc's two-wheel drive. The company was originally a single major business structure, mainly for steel companies, which provided information and automated services. Around 2013, the company was affected by the continuing downswing in the steel industry, and the operation of iron and steel informs was challenged, thereby beginning to pursue transformational development.
By the end of 2018, the company had 17,500 aircraft cabinets and became one of the country's leading third-party Idc service providers.
Iron and steel information business and idc business income are pooled in software development and engineering services (hereinafter referred to as “software development”) and service outsourcing, respectively, in addition to a small number of systems integration operations.
2.1idc Industry: Downstream demand is strong, first-line city idc resources are scarce, large Internet enterprises are the main demand side, cloud computing is developing the landscape of the selected idc industry Idc industry chain: upstream infrastructure, midstream idc services, downstream applications.
The infrastructure provider (builder, electrical equipment provider, equipment operator, telecommunications operator, etc.), downstream cloud company, IT outsourcing service provider, or end user, etc., can provide basic services (server hosting and network bandwidth) to customers depending on the requirements of downstream customers.
Value-added services (planning advice, design advice, operating management outsourcing, etc.) Overseas markets have matured, and the domestic market is still developing rapidly. According to the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology, the global Idc market has grown at an average rate of only about 10% in the last three years, and development has been slower.
According to the Chinese idc Circle, US idc was built as early as 2016.
The trend in the construction of large data centres has led to a concentration of market shares among leading producers. idc has a clear scale effect because of its inverse unit operating costs in relation to size, and the construction of large idc has become an industry trend.
According to the data, the global number of megadata centres in 2017 was 386 and, if installed on a server base, the global number of megadata centres would reach 628 and the number of servers would increase to 53 per cent.
Four hundred and thirty, of which the United States accounts for about 40 per cent, while China accounts for only about 8 per cent. By the end of 2017, drawing on the experience of overseas market development, small and medium-sized idc manufacturers will be able to make the transition from high-speed to maturity.
The market share will be concentrated with top producers as they phase out or merge. Overseas idc taps such as equinix have moved to the acquisition route, and the size of the global idc market for synergyrearch statistics has increased from $8 billion in 2015 to $16 billion in 2018, and more data centres are expected to be available in the future.
M & A transactions. Under M & As integration, front-line manufacturers grow faster than industry averages, such as equinix and small-idc manufacturers, and the head effect is expected to become more visible as the market matures further, benefiting producers such as data, Treasure Software, Halo New Network, etc.
Figure 9: Size of M & As in the global Idc market (2015-2018, in billions of figures: scale and acceleration of equinix (2015-2018). Large Internet enterprises are the main demand side of Idc, with capital spending patterns affecting industry development. As the demand structure of Idc is similar to that of servers, an analysis of downstream demand for servers is needed for analysis of idc downstream.
From a server perspective, the capital spending of 2q17 large Internet enterprises is directly related to the growth in sales and the high rate of output in the server industry, which is one of the most important factors influencing the development of the server industry. The conclusion is that the idc industry has also been established.
Large Internet enterprises are one of the main demand parties for idc, and their capital spending is determined by industry development (supported by the downstream customer structure of the main demand for idc suppliers, e.g. 70 per cent of the data for 2018 are signed by the large Internet producers for the idc resources).
Figure 11: Quarterly departures from global servers, sales and the same rate of increase compared to quarterly capital expenditures of the eight Internet giants, fumga+bat, apple and baidu, libaba, tancent)
The demand for cloud services remains the most important factor in the growth of capital spending by Internet producers. In the case of the North American giants, Amazon clearly stated in the second quarterly report that most of the cash capital expenditure went to the aws: Microsoft said in the quarterly report that capital spending was mainly to meet the growing demand for cloud services, with most capital going on.
Support for cloud computing operations is expected to continue with additional capital expenditures: Facebook indicates that capital expenditures in the second quarter are mainly driven by investments in data centres, servers, network infrastructure, etc.: Google indicates that capital expenditures in the second quarter are mainly invested in office facilities, data centres, etc.
The market in Yaas is still high, and the cloud business of the giants is still growing fast. In the second quarter, Google Clouds, Google Clouds and Ali Cloud Camps recorded 37-64-40-66% growth, although compared to previous seasons, respectively.
In contrast, the magnitude of the decline has been varying, but the absolute rate of growth remains high, with four giant cloud operations growing at an average rate of 52%. We believe that the publicly owned Yunias sector will be able to sustain high growth in the future, most importantly on the basis that: 1) cloud computing penetration is still low and there is much room for future development; and 2) cloud service demand is still strong.
In April of this year, gartner predicted that the Iaas market would be the highest in all the disaggregated areas, with a capr of 20.2 per cent in 2018-2022, and that, according to idc, China still had low penetration rates for the Yaas cloud calculations in 2019 and 2020, and high growth trends in the idc sector would continue.
The rate is still low, but the trend in direction has not changed. In terms of penetration, we estimate that less than 5 per cent of total global IT expenditure in 2018, according to gartner, means that cloud calculations still have a very large future growth potential, and therefore a high growth trend in the idc sector is expected to be sustained.
Energy consumption indicators such as land resources and utilities are one of the main constraints limiting the expansion of idc’s operations, and a substantial investment is usually required before the construction of a new engine room.
In addition, the idc sector is capital-intensive, and pre-engineering infrastructure and equipment purchases require significant financial support (e.g., the company Treasure Cloud projects combined investment of nearly $5 billion in the first to fourth phases, see figure 15; and four single-phase investments of nearly $2.6 billion, of which the former
The cost of construction over 90% of the duration is shown in figure 16; on the other hand, the amount of funding required for idc’s day-to-day operations management is also large. For the idc vendor to sustain its development over the long term, it will have to invest in the new, expanded, large-scale high-level data centre and the centre’s operations management centre.
As idc shows a tendency to scale and large and mega-data are the mainstream of future construction, there is an increasing demand for financial resources for industry participants. idc resources are currently concentrated around the first line of cities. idc downstream end-users are distributed to their regions.
The level of economic development is positive because of the full coverage of the network in the economically developed regions, the high usage of the network, and the relative concentration of user demand for the idc service. According to Synergy, the income from hosting the main Idc manufacturer in the third quarter of 2017 is the top 20 on a global scale.
In the domestic context, according to the National Data Centre Application Development Guidelines (2018) issued by the Development Division of the Ministry of Trade and Communications, the country’s idc resources are also concentrated in Kyoto and the Long Triangle and Pearl Triangle, where Beijing and Shanghai (and the surroundings) are the most concentrated in the distribution of idc resources.
Figure 17: Global idc distribution (income by mainframe hosting) Figure 18: China’s idc cabinet distribution and growth projections
From 2012 onwards, the country launched a policy on idc, which guides the idc industry towards normative and greening from the point of view of access thresholds and building guidelines.
Beijing and Shanghai have put policies in place to limit the construction of idc, which places a heavy burden on first-line cities, energy consumption, the environment, etc. We judge that first-line cities’ idc policy tightening will be the norm, and that the competitive advantage of Idc manufacturers with resource and reserve power in and around first-line cities will be more pronounced.
2.1.3 Domestic third-party idc manufacturers are expected to rise in the light of foreign experience in the development of the idc industry The global market is dominated by third-party idc manufacturers, which have the advantage of the domestic market ' s basic telecommunication operators. Basic telecommunication operators and third-party idc manufacturers are the main suppliers of the idc market. Globally, third-party idc manufacturers
There is a growing trend towards dominant markets, where basic telecommunications operators are gradually shrinking their idc operations, while large cloud service providers (Internet companies) are working with third-party idc manufacturers in the form of outsourcing of services while building their own idc. In the domestic market, telecommunications operators have the advantage of early idc-building resources.
The overall market share is now an absolute leader (estimated at about 70 per cent), but the market share of third-party manufacturers is rising rapidly as a result of their ability to adapt to the individualized needs of enterprises, maintain network neutrality and have a greater advantage in terms of speed of construction, customization, cost savings and transport management.
By business model, third-party idc manufacturers can be classified as wholesale and retail, and wholesalers can be more secure in terms of rates, revenues, cash flow, etc. Wholesale services are offered to large Internet companies or telecommunications operators for customized server hosting services, often without web bandwidth services, and are provided by large Internet companies.
Or telecommunications operators provide specific data centre planning design and operating service level requirements, and idc manufacturers invest in the data centre as required, end users place their servers and related equipment in the data centre and are managed by the idc vendor.
(both end-users) provide a relatively standardized server hosting service and network bandwidth service, with a standardized data centre and a broadband network constructed by the idc vendor, with its servers and related equipment placed in the data centre by the client and managed by the idc vendor. In general, wholesale idc user lease
In general, our third-party idc market is less concentrated, and there is still a large gap in size compared to foreign leading companies.
In October 2017, the number of businesses holding idc plates in the country reached 1,417. The main third-party idc manufacturers included centuries-old interconnections, new Halonet, Treasure Software, data ports, data from all countries, and Dr. Penang.
2.2 The company has a resource advantage in conducting idc operations in the Shanghai region, with a 100% signing rate for the first to fourth phases of Treasure 2.2.1, with long-term contracts to ensure profitability and cash flow stability. The company ' s idc project is progressing well and its profitability is stable.
The number of planning cabinets is 26.5 million, with a 100% signing rate. Under the plan, all four projects have reached an annual contribution of 1,938 million yuan for the pre-natal period and a total profit of 734 million yuan (higher in real terms, the actual benefits of one project are nearly 38% higher than expected).
The company is engaged in wholesale idc services, has long contracts, has a guaranteed landing rate, and has a stable income and cash flow. The company works with basic telecommunications operators, including Chinese telecommunications, Chinese mobile telecommunications, and telecoms.
Businesses or end-users make specific requests to companies for data centre planning design and operating service levels, and the Division invests in the construction of data centres as required. Terminal customers place servers and related equipment in the data centres, and companies provide support services. Companies have long contracts with customers, ranging from one to three periods of 10 years.
The four-stage data centre contract with the Chinese Taibo is for a period of 20 years. The company’s annual income, cash flow, etc. are guaranteed under a long-term contract.
The Shanghai region has a strong demand for idc, and companies have the advantage of resources such as land, plant, water, electricity, etc. The Shanghai regional market has traditionally been an important node for the deployment of national data centre resources for large clients, both Internet customers and financial firms.
There is a competitive advantage. The company’s Treasure Clouds I to IV projects are based mainly on the Treasure Steel Stocking Zone, which occupies about 2.82 square kilometres of land, and has a large number of resources, such as industrial plants, public support houses, electricity supply and distribution, drainage, and expansionary development advantages.
With the advantage of resources, companies are able to achieve relatively low operating costs, thereby achieving a higher Māori rate. idc’s operating costs are mainly electricity costs, depreciation, and rent.
Strength costs and housing rental costs have some advantages, allowing companies to achieve relatively low operating costs, and hence a higher Māori rate. At the same time, due to targets for construction in Shanghai, Idc sources are relatively scarce, and Māori rates are expected to be maintained for future company Idc operations.
High upswing rates are also one of the main reasons for the company’s relatively high Māori rate among wholesaled Idc manufacturers. According to the Bo Clouds I, III and IV plans, each project is expected to have a landing rate of more than 90% in the second year, the third year will be completed, and the next year will be on board due to the long duration of the company’s contracts with its clients.
As equipment resources, such as cabinets, begin to depreciate from the time they are put in place, a lower rate of occupancy will have a direct impact on idc's business income, which in turn will affect the Māori rate. The company's sales model of idc's business is similar to sales to sell stock, which will guarantee a rapid climb, coupled with long-term contracts targeting high-quality customers.
In addition to overseas, companies are expected to expand idc’s operations to other regions by using the resources of the Treasure Group. At the beginning of the year, the Department announced its intention to associate with the Garrett Group, the Treasure Land Assets (all of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, the Corporations).
A joint venture between Qingshan and the Qingshan State Enterprise (hereinafter “the joint venture”) to set up the Wuhan City Great Steel Data Estate Company Limited (hereinafter “the joint venture”), which will build on the idc building after the transformation of the martial steel group, with the idc central area planning to be located in the Wu Gang factory area, with a total area of approximately 135 acres, is planned
In three phases, 18,000 20a cabinets will be built, which will be the largest single-size year (after taxes) in China. With the exception of Shanghai, Wuhan, the BMW Group has significant plant resources available in Nanjing, Shenzhen, Nantung, etc., providing a good resource reserve for corporate idc business expansion.
3. Software development business analysis: Iron and steel information and automation operations are the main points of view, and domestic BMW demand provides firm support. 3.1 is the leading industrial software enterprise in the country and accumulates in the field of iron and steel information.
Corporate software development includes information and automation services in a number of fields, such as steel, non-ferrous metals, and pharmaceuticals. According to the company’s network, the company is the only industrial software company in the country that has done so from lo5, i.e. is capable of providing bottom-up “workshop machine automation/robots”, “control floor pcs”, “execution floormes”,
Industrial software enterprises that offer a full range of services, such as “plan-level erp”, “e-commerce” and “top-level decision-making.” Corporate informatization is based on a holistic solution based on mes, erp, big data, while introducing the exploration and application of innovative technologies such as the industrial Internet, information physics systems, etc., that can integrate enterprise supply horizontally
Link-related market customers and suppliers, vertically integrated enterprises manage on-site controlled information on manufacturing processes.Automated operations have automated technologies and products of autonomous intellectual property rights, engineering designs such as process computers, basic automotiveization, electrical transmission and instrumentation, software development, system integration, manufacturing packages, etc.
Large-scale engineering packages, such as on-site commissioning, and implementation capabilities, provide clients with a full range of smart factory solutions in terms of industrial information security, full-scale visualization of production, fictional manufacturing, etc. Companies accumulate in the field of iron and steel information and automation.
In more than 40 years of deep-deeping in the iron and steel sector, the absolute business advantage has been built in this area, namely, intelification and automation of the first brand of steel manufactures in the country. Companies have long promoted the integration of iron and steel manufacturing with deeper industrialization, with the country’s first-ever features being “full-scale, process-wide, life-cycle”
The full service capacity, technology, experience, is the only one in the country that can provide more than 10 million tons of corporate information on iron and steel, with mes at its core. The Iron and Steel Integrated Solution Set is built into the upper erp, the middle mes, and the lower pcs, where mes are at its core.
According to the company network, the company ' s market share in the iron and steel industry is based on an integrated product solution centred on mes.
50%; in chilling operations, companies have become the strongest three power suppliers in the country, providing users with state-led first-class control systems and producing first-class products.
There are also distinct industry attributes to the characteristics and functions of the Mes. Multinational mes suppliers in the domestic mes market coexist with local manufacturers: the international giant, represented by the siemens, the gefanuc, leads in the accumulation of product technology, scale strength and experience, and is a pioneer in the industry.
With high visibility; domestic manufacturers, represented by Treasure and Control Software, have the advantage of being responsive to customers, familiar with home-grown businesses, and are gradually becoming an irreplaceable expert-level supplier in the industry. With years of technology and experience, companies are expected to continue to radiate to other industries and fields.
In addition to the iron and steel industry, the former areas of operation include major traffic, chemicals, finance, water and water, and colour.
And the pharmaceutical industry, for example, has the capacity to provide industry clients with a full-scale, process-wide, life-cycle, holistic resolution program and one-stop packages implementation service. It is expected that companies will make a major breakthrough in the non-steel sector in the future as technology and experience build up further.
3.2 The company ' s iron and steel information development has benefited from the marginal changes in the steel industry and the need for internal informationization within the BMW group. The return to economic recovery and increased concentration in the steel and steel industry have helped to boost the willingness of steel companies to invest in information. In 2017, supply-side reforms were introduced in the country, with significant improvements in cash flows and profits from major steel companies, and industry landscapes.
Air temperature is conducive to increasing the willingness of steel companies to build information. Moreover, the concentration of the steel industry will lead to a shift in the information needs of steel firms from fragmentation to concentration, from small-scale to large-scale, and from mergers and acquisitions.
The BMW Group’s information needs provide a strong foundation for corporate software development. The company’s steel information business has a natural advantage, based on the company’s industry status and internal resources: on the one hand, BMW is one of the main players in the integration of the steel industry (for example, the recent acquisition of heavy steel, horse steel) and M & A.
Integration would free up the need for integration of information systems; on the other hand, digitization of enterprises within the BMW Group, and the need for intelligent transformation, are the main drivers of the company’s future growth in software development. Since its inception, the company has been responsible for providing corporate information and integration of automated systems to the former Treasure Steel Group and its associates.
The task of integrated solutions, such as transportation and maintenance, and current companies and the Treasure Arms Group and their associates still maintain a relatively high level of associated transactions, with total associated sales as a share of total revenue maintained at 40 per cent in the last five years Income assumptions: corporate software development, outsourcing of services and three business income scenarios for system integration are set out below.
Software development: Software development includes information, automation, and others, in which the demand for information and automation in the steel industry is the main driver of growth in the coming years. The iron and steel industry returns to profitability and concentration is expected to boost the willingness of the steel industry to spend information.
The main players in the integration of M & As in the steel industry, and the integration of M & As will release the integration of information systems outsourcing services: the outsourcing of services includes idc operations and transport support operations, with the first city of idc being the main driver of growth in the coming years.
The resource advantage of achieving relatively low operating costs and a higher Māori rate, a higher accelerator rate, and a higher degree of certainty about future growth. Māori ratio assumption: the combined Māori ratio of companies is expected to show an upward trend over the next three years, with specific assumptions: software development
Informationalization of the high Māori rate in operations and the continued increase in the share of automated operations; and volatility of the Māori rate in the idc operation due to, inter alia, the availability of new machines, depreciation, etc., and maintenance of the Māori rate in transport operations are generally stable: the Māori rate in the system integration operation is generally stable.
The new Halo Network and the data port consistently predict the rate of increase and valuation of profits, giving companies 42 times as many people as in 2020, to match the demand of Internet vendor idc with less than expected. Bat and others are large in the country, owing to slower income growth and less than expected consumption of the idc resource stock.
The rate of capital spending by Internet companies has continued to decline since 3q18. Internet manufacturers are the main demand side of the idc industry, and if their capital spending does not increase as fast as expected, this may directly result in their idc needs falling short of expectations, which in turn may lead to corporate idc operating revenues falling short of expectations.
Although the large steel companies have recovered their profits since the supply side reforms in the steel industry, the combined steel prices have fallen since November 2018, and the rise has not been restored.
Iron prices continue to fall, which may lead to a decline in the willingness of steel companies to use information, which in turn may affect corporate iron and steel information operations.
There's a high degree of uncertainty about the pace of construction of the idc, the planning of the company's future idc project and the progress of construction of planned projects, the release of resources, the loading of machines, etc.
Corporate idc's business income is not as high as expected.  The sales ratio of related transactions is too high.
In the past five years, total associated sales have remained at around 40% of total revenue. If business demand from the BMW Group declines in the future, it may result in the company’s business-related revenue falling short of expectations.
Cagr is 8.8%, a relatively smooth increase. The split structure shows that the software development business has only accelerated with the rapid release of the cagr from the container resources for five years. At the profit end, the company ' s low net return profits in 2013-2018 have been influenced by factors such as the low return of the mother, which has increased by 26.7% and 57.3%, respectively.
Re-engaged, with the rapid growth of the idc business, the company ' s construction work in progress, the rapid increase in the share of fixed assets benefiting the idc business, and the upward trend in the overall Māori rate. In 2013-2018, the company ' s combined gross interest rate rose from 23.8 to 27.9 per cent, mainly the share of the Māori Idc business in the overall business.
As a result, the Māori ratio of software development operations has remained largely stable, mainly due to the informationization, automation and engineering service ratio fluctuations of different Māori rates; the Māori ratio of services outsourcing operations has risen significantly, mainly due to fluctuations in the overall overflow of idc operations.
Figure 45: Māori rates for corporate software development and service outsourcing (2013 - sales rates, management costs (including R & D costs) are declining. Corporate iron and steel information business has a higher industry profile and a higher number of orders come from inside the BMW Group and does not require large-scale market promotion: idc
Business types are wholesale, with relatively low sales costs, resulting in lower overall sales rates for companies (2.75% in 2018) and a further downward trend as operations expand. Management costs, including R & D costs, also gradually decline as operations expand, mainly because idc does not require excessive R & D inputs (e.g., numbers).
According to Hong Kong R & D expenditure in 2018 was only 2.51%, so as the share of idc operations decreased as compared to the share of the company as a whole. At the same time, the company’s R & D costs were several times higher than other management costs ($551 million in 2018 and $88 million in management costs), so as the share of R & D expenditure fell.
In terms of financial costs, the company’s annual financial costs are negligible and the financial cost rates are stable, due to the company’s good cash flow and low asset-liability rates. Operating net cash flows are good. Idc service providers generally have good cash recovery capacity, companies, companies, etc.
The cash flow as a wholesale idc service provider is more stable. As the share of idc operations rises, companies should increase the liquidity rate of their accounts (the liquidity rate of accounts payable remains largely stable) and the cash flow situation is much better than it was before 2013.
The ratio of gold flow to operating income is maintained at around 1 and the ratio of operating net cash flows to net profits from 2016