Information technology software and services Corporate iron and steel information needs are at a new peak, idc construction is still expanding, and corporate steel information needs are high.
Now, information, automation is the best way to expand capacity, it is difficult to build a new steel factory or to increase a furnace, new furnaces have to be replaced, companies have a deep understanding of process re-engineering and fine-tuning management in industry, especially in the steel industry, and information is made and automated.
The chemical products are well-lined, and the mes and ems systems have a high rate of city occupancy. From a group point of view, there is an increase in the need for informationization following the merger. In 2018, the company started the informationization of the production units of the steel weapons, and in the first quarter of 2019, it completed about half of the progress, according to the large letter.
In addition to this, the company’s core mes products are available in chemicals, pharmaceuticals, etc.
The total stock/flow (millions of shares) area is also on the ground, with a more horizontal outreach capability. Wholesale idc has a high occupancy rate and a low cost under the modified model.
Up to 12 months/minimum units have been loaded, and the number of company cabinets will be around 30,000 (high power machine cabinets = 1.4 standard cabinets), and the company idc will be sold in a customized wholesale manner, and the machine cabinets will be in place after the completion of the four phases.
In addition to this, the company's data centre includes the Wuhan Wu Steel Large Data Park, which is proposed to be 2023.
By the end of the year, 18,000 cabinets have been built. The company’s idc operations have high ceilings from the point of view of the BMW Group’s relatively high level of resources available in inactive factories, and the introduction or transfer of more than 7 million tons of steel production capacity in the East China region in 2016-2018 could be transformed into a data centre.
In the context of the general trend towards iron and steel infoization, the company’s deep product lines cut through the entire process of (i) deleveraging of the steel industry to promote the full range of steel and smart manufacturing. The 13th Plan for the steel and steel industry sets out a number of objectives and sets out important tasks for the development of smart manufacturing.
The Ministry of Information published the Plan for the Upgrading of the Steel Industry (2016-2020), which establishes that “by 2020, significant progress has been made in the structural reform of the supply side of the iron and steel industry, leading to a fundamental sector-wide exit from poverty.” The objective is to set specific targets for a number of indicators, such as productive use, industrial concentration, labour productivity in the main industry and energy consumption.
Planning to guide the steel industry towards intelligent manufacturing and green manufacturing, with iron and steel informatics becoming a necessary trend in industrial development, mainly by banning new iron and steel production capacity, halting all investment projects to expand the capacity of steel and steel production, and closing down and dismantling 400 cubic metres of iron furnaces up to and including (the casting furnaces that meet the requirements established by the casting industry for iron and steel production) in 2016.
In addition, 30 tons of steel rotors, 30 tons of furnaces, and below (except high alloy steel furnaces) are in short supply. The production capacity of medium- and industrial-frequency furnaces for the production of “land-line steel” is completely banned.
To develop smart manufacturing and support steel enterprises in improving basic automation, production process control, manufacturing execution, business management, building up a four-tier information system; to promote intelligent manufacturing in a comprehensive manner, with a focus on process-based smart manufacturing, network co-production, large-scale personalization customization, remote transport of four new models of intelligent manufacturing.
Manufacturing development paths and information systems require a focus on deep automation and information solutions. Main-sector labor productivity exceeds 1,000 tons of steel/persons per year, almost doubles; steel-smart manufacturing demonstration firms need to increase from 2 to 10.
This is the best way to achieve efficiency, and quantitatively requires more power. The Treasure Group, which is now the largest steel production centre in the country, has more than 600.5 million tons of steel production in 2018.
Provision, since the 13th 5th Plan was launched in 2016, the demand for precision management within the company has been on the rise, increasing in 2017 and 2018, with a deep understanding of process re-engineering and fine-tuning management, especially in the steel industry, with well-lined, technically and technically sound information bases for information and automation products, and four major smart manufacturing programmes, including an information system for the metallurgical sector that integrates smart elements, developed in response to the market winds
Structures, smart equipment such as robotics, unmanned devices embedded in manufacturing processes, highly automated control software and systems for the manufacture of the entire process, and agile, flexible, intelligent mom solutions. BMW integration brings with it an incremental need for information.
It was approved that the “Bold Steel Group” would be renamed the “Bold War Group” in 2018 and that the informationization of the various production units of martial steel would begin, and that approximately half of the progress would be achieved in the quarter of 20191 and that coverage of the core system was expected to be completed by the end of 2019, as measured by the implementation cycle of 2-3 years for large information orders, followed mainly by the design and implementation of individualized systems.
Note to Figure 2: Associated transaction budget values for 2019 are expressed in real-line terms, and the actual associated transactions in 2019 are expected to be shown as part of the dotted line, as the actual associated transactions occurred in previous years are lower than budgeted. (ii) Corporate information orders are advanced, and automation is expected to be the main upward trend in the future.
The rise began with a gradual improvement in the steel industry, which, according to the sw steel industry statistics, lost a profit of 76.6 billion yuan in 2016 and achieved a net profit of nearly four times the same year. According to the Chinese Iron and Steel Industry Association, in 2017, a cumulative sales revenue of 369 trillion yuan was realized by priority large and medium enterprises, representing an increase of 34.1 per cent.
In order to balance supply and demand, fine management is the best way to increase productivity, including information and automation. When the industry is profitable, information inputs are more necessary, of which the Mes system is geared towards cutting-off planning and management and can effectively boost productivity utilization.
From 21 to 22 June 2018, the BMW Group convened an intelligent manufacturing workshop, which called for semi-annual promotional meetings to check the progress of the intelligence-making work of the various units, to be a strong push for the internal intelligence-making progress of the group, and the corporate intelligence-making demand for the related orders. At the same time, the company collaborates with the corporate group system.
China ' s BMW Intelligent Manufacturing Action Programme (2018-2020) was established to assist in the development of frameworks and plans for intelligent manufacturing; to complete the design of the BMW Internet platform architecture and steel-wide process smart workshop solutions; and to accelerate the development and application of smart equipment technologies, the construction of smart plant centres, the management of intelligent manufacturing and the practice of intelligent operation solutions.
Automation is the foundation of the manufacturing of intelligence, which is expected to break out in 19 years. According to research by Deloitte and Smart Manufacturing Enterprises in 2018, the average profit contribution rate for intelligent manufacturing products and services increased in 2017 compared to 2013. In 2013, the number of smart manufacturing profit medals increased from 14% in 2013 to 33% in 2017. Automation is the basis of the manufacturing of intelligence, from cost reduction to efficiency gains.
As a result, automation is a rigid requirement to optimize the capacity of the enterprise. (1) Capability: According to the latest plan, the company plans to achieve 80-100 million tons of production capacity by 2021. In the absence of new boilers, increased productivity through automation is an effective way to increase the volume of production capacity.
(2) Lower costs: calculated from operating costs and the number of producers in 2018, steel shares have the highest per capita cost of production in large steel plants, and automation can be used to improve the cost side by reducing human consumption and increasing corporate profits. Corporate automation has a leading advantage.
In order to be full, the company’s cold roller business is expected to expand further. The company is involved in a pilot project on the use of smart manufacturing applications at the National Ministry of Industry and Communications – the construction of a 1580-heat-rolling smart shop – with some experience in the field of heat.
- Process control platform software application of □ Pony Steel I major engineering process modification project □ Pony Steel - steel refining project
The Iron Steel 1580 Heat Rolling Project □ The Steel 2030 Cold Roll Back Project □ The Steels in Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang Xinjiang
□ Tang steel plate 120 trh software development project Jing Tangtang rh refining project
□ Teen steel wide-plated lfvd computer system □ sand and steel 5,800 m3 furnace project □ martial steel steel refining system project
□ BMW buys horses and steel, and the company's information business needs go up the stairs.
With the transfer completed, China’s BMW will indirectly hold 45.54% of the shares in Ma Steel, and control over the shares in Ma Steel is now in place. In light of the 30 October 2012 purchase of the shares, the information was computerized and automated for 2014-2017.
With a combined contribution of 1,548 million yuan and 9 million tons of coarse steel production capacity at the Changjiang steel base, the unit capacity of the Changshan steel is estimated to be $172 per tonne. In mid-2018, the Iron and Steel Association showed that the steel and steel complex produced 20 million tons of coarse steel, with a rough estimate of the information and automated input of approximately $3.44 billion, has an important impact on the performance of the Treasure Software from 2020 to 2022 and beyond.
The price of the benefit steel rose in 2018, and the net cash flow from horse and steel operations in 2018 improved, providing a financial basis for follow-up investment. According to the Iron and Steel 13th Plan, the top 10 steel companies produced more than 60% of the production by 2020.
The crude steel production data published by the Research Institute Metals Bulletin, which in 2018 brought the total production of the top 10 steel companies in China to 327 million tons, and the top 10 industrial concentrations, cr10 = 35.3 per cent, are still far from the 2020 target of 60 per cent, and are expected to continue with a later trend of horizontal mergers and acquisitions, which continues to drive the rise in the demand for iron and steel information.
(iv) Corporate products remain at the forefront of the country, can deepen vertically and can expand horizontally
The country's steel market is more than 50% occupied. The company has developed its own three-power control system for ems products (energy management system), chilling operations, where the ems system has more than 70% of the country's steel industry, participating in smart manufacturing projects such as the National Trades and Communications Department's Smart Manufacturing Application Model — 1580 Heat Rolling Smart Workshop Construction — gradually expanding to the hot-rolling system, forming a full-process, full-product category.
The company has more experience in the area of iron and steel in the country, where the number of technicians has remained constant at around 3,500, with a total of 454,000 hours of outsourced labour in 2018, after the acquisition of steel and steel.
The company’s technical executives are supplemented by more local implementation and transport capabilities. At the same time, the company’s product lines in the area of iron and steel information, automation, including erp, mes, ems, etc., offer one-stop solutions, and the stronger integration capabilities help the company to open vertical markets.
Many companies, such as software, but according to a study by the creditsuisseresearch, the mes product itself has a strong industry wall, with industry leaders often occupying 50-70% of the market share, company localization of services capacity and co-opting of firms, and product design forms the company's moat, which ensures that the company will remain in the lead in the country's steel industry. At the same time, the company is at the forefront.
In 2016, a strategic agreement was signed with Siemens on the strategicization of the Bottle and Siemens Smart Manufacturing (Industry 4.0) to transform competition into cooperation.
Mingji deer, ugs, brooks, Balou siemens, wonderware, Liddélée, Chang Shaatt, Bosin software, Hua Tianhai Heung, Namjing neighbours, siemens, cimnet
{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF}
The company’s level of productization is close to 70-75%, and it is expected to continue to break industry barriers and expand to the same types of non-ferrous metal manufacturing, chemicals, etc. Currently, there are many cases of company-mes products in the chemical industry, including the Fujian refined ethylene project mes system, Qinghai salt.
There have also been more breakthroughs in the field of pharmaceuticals, where the company's pharmaceutical mes product has been manufactured in the first phase of the Integrated Manufacturing Information System for the North-East British Pharmaceutical Industry, the Mes System for the Great Sea Biotech Mes System, the Infochemistry System for the Bodecian Plant in the Ning Yinging, and the North-East English Pharmaceuticals Integrated Manufacturing System.
Successful application of the Information Systems II project. Figure 17: Product advantages of the Treasure Pharmaceuticals software bm2p Group resource enabling idc operations, wholesale mode guaranteed a build-up rate
(i) Wholesale Idc model plus group resource endowments, where corporate idc's business advantages are evident. The company's other main business is idc, which operates and transports. By the end of 2018, the company had completed phase 12 and three, with a total of about 17,000 cabinets. The four phases began construction in March 2017 and are expected to be completed in September 2019.
The construction process, which is now in its operational phase, will result in a total of more than 30,000 company cabinets after the completion of the four phases (large power = 1.4 ordinary cabinets). The company Wuhanidc has started construction. The company plans to build 18,000 20a cabinets in Wuhan, a phase that is scheduled to be completed by the end of 2019.
The company’s idc operations have multiple advantages, as follows:
The data centre construction guidelines (2019 version) require that the size of the single project be controlled at 30,000-5,000 racks, with an average rack design capacity of no less than 6 kw, with a total rack capacity of no less than 18,000 kw, and a pee value of no less than 1.3. The scarcity of idc resources in one line of cities will increase, the company data centre Treasure Cloud will be located in the Shanghai Hills, and the number of cabinets will be filled after the construction of the four phases.
More than 30,000, with a more visible regional advantage. (1) The company idc has a customised wholesale, direct customers such as Shanghai Telecom, Mobile, etc., and the end-users are mainly large Internet companies such as Ali, Tweets, and financial institutions.
More sticky and up-to-date, guaranteed. According to company announcements, the company’s Treasure Cloud project is usually at a higher level from the third business in its life and has some relevance to the company’s model. (2) The company has reduced construction costs by using the parent company’s Treasure Steel stock, old factory and auxiliary support facilities.
Steel shares, using the BMW industrial plant at the BP 2.82, as well as the supply and distribution of electricity, drainage, etc., have been built in accordance with project requirements, thus reducing the construction cycle (from an average of 2-3 years to 1 year). Construction costs have been reduced.
The lowest cost; the Green Cloud Calculating Base of the New Halo Network was built after the acquisition of the Light Moon optical school by the New Halo Network and through the renovation of its original plant, office buildings, etc., with a low cost of building a single container at only $12.13 million per unit, with low capital support for the modified model of the Treasure News software 3 and low pue
Data centre costs consist mainly of capex construction costs and operating expenses for opex. Data centre operating costs consist mainly of electricity costs, depreciation of assets, and bandwidth costs, which account for 50 per cent, 20 per cent and 20 per cent of operating costs, respectively. Data centre electricity expenditure is related to data centre pue, pee = total data centre equipment consumption/it equipment consumption, pee
The closer we approach 1, the less energy is spent, the less electricity costs. According to the National Data Centre Application Development Guidelines (2018) issued by the Ministry of Technology and Communications, the national average of the main data centre is 1.54, and the Treasure of Treasure Software cloud, during the design phase, has adopted a more energy-efficient configuration of indirect evaporation cooling equipment that is more energy-efficient than cooling water and precision air conditioners on the cold water unit, and the pue can be reached.
(ii) The three-year action plan to promote a new generation of information infrastructure in Shanghai to upgrade urban performance and core competitiveness.
In Calculating Infrastructure (2018-2020), 60 000 additional data centre hangars are required. Competition patterns in the domestic third-party idc operator market are still fragmented, with third-party idc operators including, inter alia, Universal Data, Centuries Interconnect, Treasure News, Halo New Network, Dr. Penang, etc.
There are about 22,500 cabinets, about 5,000 in progress, and there is a higher solvency of Treasure Software. Compared to Treasure Software, the New Halo Network, Universal Data and the centuries-to-century interconnected asset-liability ratios, the figures are higher than the figures and the values of the centuries-to-century-to-date asset-liability ratios, which reached over 70 per cent in 18 years and 50 per cent in the century.
Over the years, the asset-liability ratio for Treasure Software has declined, and interest guarantee multipliers have increased rapidly in recent years, with a higher return on idc construction and a higher solvency of companies. Corporate idc has a higher ceiling.
The capacity of the region, which includes the Shanghai Platoon plate plant, special steel, stainless steel, southern steel, and Nanjing Mei steel, amounts to 7.43 million tons. Bo’s plant area, which is located in the Bo cloud, is estimated to accommodate about 30,000 cabinets based on electricity capacity: in the case of electricity expansion, the plant will accommodate 10,000 cabinets, and in the case of electricity expansion, the number of cabinets can be doubled. In addition, the Nanjing Mae steel sector is planned to accommodate about 30,000 containers.
208-2028 Industrial transfer, with the intention of creating the Boun Mei Mountain Industries Park, which is located in the New City of Pacing Bridge, where Bo-Sin software is expected to participate in the construction and operation of the cloud computing data centre, with a total building area of about 300,000 square metres planned for the project.The company’s current main business includes software development, service outsourcing, systems integration operations, etc., and annual business income growth is more robust.
Corporate information and automation technologies and business models are more mature and idc operations are more stable, so companies are expected to have less information needs in the downstream steel industry and to build idc at less speed than expected
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.