In-depth study of Iron and Steel Info, idc's promising business (600845.sh), the company's back-to-back with the Treasure Group, is the lead in iron and steel information. The company's origins are in the Treasure and Steel Unit.
The automated sector, which has been working for years on the transformation of information in the steel sector, has made up more than 50% of the city in the iron and steel mes sector. The main business has now been expanded to a number of areas outside the group, such as steel, medicine, transport, etc., and is a leading industrial software enterprise in the country.
From 12 years on, the company's Bidc industry, which builds on old steel plants for off-the-shelf land and electrical equipment, has had a greater advantage over the location and cost of the same type of enterprise.
Research assistant: Rowan's business is in the harvest period, and the company's performance is increasing, the Māori rate, cash flow, roe, etc., are clearly optimized. The company now owns nearly 20,000 cabinets.
We believe that with the building of the company's hangars, the idc business income is sustainable. At the same time, the company is expected to generate a more diversified value-added service based on the idc server rental service, single cabinets.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consulting, generating revenue that can further boost the firm’s overall performance, which continues to grow at a high rate.
Industrial Internet platforms are promising, and BMW Group M&As bring a high degree of certainty to companies.
A thorough, competitive market in the new blue sea is expected to reap more industrial dividends under the new technology path. Meanwhile, the future integration of the steel industry will continue, with the acquisition of heavy steel and horse steel in 18 and 19 years, opening up over $4.5 billion for companies.
In space, firm growth in the future is further enhanced. Multiplier. The company is the lead in iron and steel information, has access to core resources in the idc area, has a significant cost advantage, has a strong revenue certainty, and has given an “uptake” rating for the first time.
Impediments, slow growth in the non-steel sector. First, industrial information service providers under the umbrella of Treasure Steel, emerging business leads to high growth in corporate performance, steel-based information, and multi-dimensional business expansion.
In 1978, after more than 20 years of development, BMW owned a total asset of $9.805 billion, with an asset liability of 31.13 per cent. The company's first controlling shareholder was BMW Steel and Steel Co. Ltd., with a shareholding of 50.81 per cent, with many of the top ten shareholders.
Since the company’s idc business continues to improve, compared to the first quarter of 1919, the company’s business is now in multiple fields. From the beginning, the company has raised shares in the company for information adaptation services, and has now developed areas of business through the generation of common technologies.
At the end of November, Bo was founded, the company began to deploy its data centre, and has now completed phase 1-3, and the project is progressing well. The new development strategy is: Focus on Wisdom.
The two main areas of manufacturing and smart cities; the continued contribution to industrial automation, informatization and intelligence; the significant development of new and emerging technologies such as the industrial Internet, cloud computing, big data; and the creation of a “stable, profitable, respected intelligence service enterprise”.
Software development and engineering services: predominantly business sales industry in steel or other fields, with 64.58 per cent of revenue and 48.22 per cent of Māori in 18 years: Outsourcing of services: comprised of idc, cloud computing and maintenance operations of traditional operations, due to idc operations entry
(b) System integration: mainly small hardware sales and integration, with a smaller share of revenue compared to Māori.2
The company’s performance has entered a period of high growth. The company’s idc operations have landed, the project has reached a harvest period, and the Department has achieved operating revenues of $5,471 million and 2,699 million in 18 years and the first half of 19 years, respectively, with a similar increase in the firm’s cost rate, a gradual decline in leverage and an increase in profitability. The company’s three long-term cost rates are stable.
The conversion rate (investment in the idc business has led to an increase in total assets) has declined from year to year, and the net operating cash flow of the company has grown rapidly since 13 years, with a net profit cash content of over 100%.
The net cash flow of the company for 18 years and the first half of 19 years was 965 million yuan and 494 million yuan, respectively, representing respectively 159.77 per cent and 128.31 per cent of net profits for the same period. We believe that the firm ' s positive net cash flow has risen and strongly supports future short-term performance, and we believe that this is the same.
Companies focus on technological innovation and fully cost their R & D inputs. The design of corporate smart plant platforms iplat, eco-technology eplat, and big data platforms continues, with R & D inputs as a share of total revenue over the 13-year period.
By June 19 the company had completed the deployment of the industrial paas platform and started work on industrial app development and testing. There are now complete industrial automation and urban intelligence solutions, which create a business structure capacity characterized by a “full-scale, process-wide, life-cycle” approach.
ii. The data centre is one of the new generation of infrastructure, with companies owning core land resources,1 the data centre has a strong downstream demand, third-party idc vendor services are highly targeted, and data are growing exponentially, and upstream core resources are land. As things are networked, cloud computing, artificial intelligence.
The demand for data centres by government agencies will continue to grow rapidly downstream, whether by Internet enterprises that correspond to the flow of c-end users, by manufacturing firms that produce conglomerate data, or by financial/structured agencies that face large amounts of highly complex data. Intel predicts that 2020 will be the year of global demand for data centres.
The amount of data reached 44zb (1zb equals about 1 trillion gb), of which China will account for 18%. Data growth is exponential, while data center construction is linear, and in a time when Moore’s law is fading, when unit area chip computing is unlikely to continue to multiply, the data centre will be a blue sea market in the future.
Upstream supply: mainly hardware manufacturers that provide power, air conditioning: software service providers that provide system software; and three major telecommunications operators. Among these, hardware manufacturers have generally convergent products and have less bargaining power; for software, the company itself is the champion of software with a corresponding segmentation area with an overall service capability;
The communications network services provided by the three major operators have mature industry standards and fees are more transparent, while the most core scarce resources of the data centres are land and power packages for the downstream enterprises.
China’s idc market, which is dominated by three major telecommunications operators, has been growing rapidly. China’s idc industry as a whole has been growing rapidly in recent years, reaching $122.8 billion in 18 years, compared to the previous year.
On the domestic front, it is dominated by three major operators, with a combined market share of more than 73% in 17 years, mainly based on the provision of basic standardized services. Third-party idc manufacturers, including companies, together account for 27% of the market.
Third-party idc services are well-positioned and value-added operations are more valued. Third-party idc manufacturers have significant advantages in customizing value-added services for specific areas, based on a breakdown of areas, as compared to a pool of basic telecommunications operators with a wealth of resources and advantages of scale.
The ratio of income from the value-added operations to the base operations was 52.48 per cent for the first time in 17 years, from 28.47 per cent in 2010. As the data economy continues, the demand for data centres from downstream enterprises continues to grow, and shallow levels of basic services such as data storage, reading and writing are no longer available.
There is also a growing emphasis on off-site accommodation, data backup, equipment testing, and a relatively higher premium for value-added business products. In the future, more targeted third-party idc manufacturers (including Treasure Letter software) will have more opportunities, and the city’s share is expected to increase.
Data centre construction is moving towards centralization and scalination. There are about 450,000 data centres in use around the world, and there will be a downward trend in the future. At the same time, there will be a steady increase in the number of cabinets.
By the end of 17, China's Information and Communications Institute was using the data centre's total of 1.66 million units, with a planned construction capacity of 1.07 million, of which the number of large data centre cabinets was.
The company has a total area of 2.8 square kilometres in Shanghai, with approximately 60,000 containers, and a very small and medium-sized data centre in China.
By the end of 17, the country’s data centre had been distributed around 43% in the first city, and in recent years, in response to the trend towards the greening of the idc, our first city published a new idc-building policy.
Industry Ban and Restraint Catalogue (2018), which explicitly prohibits the establishment of new data centres, with the exception of a cloud computing centre (pue = energy consumption of ceremonial/it equipment in data) of less than 1.4; a policy has been developed in Shanghai to specify that, by 2020, no more than 60,000 new cabinets will be created and pue less than 1.4; and a similar publication has been made in Shenzhen.
At the end of 17, the number of data centre cabinets in the western part of the country had risen from 20% in 16 years.
In 22 per cent of cases, China’s data centre is becoming better-placed. 2 - having access to core land resources. Cost advantages are significant. Third-party idc manufacturers compete in a fragmented manner, and companies are wholesalers.
The three-way Idc manufacturers have a share in the new optical ring network, Dr. Penang, and data ports, as well as in the United States of America. All four companies, with the exception of the data ports, own about 30,000 containers.
The Māori rate is relatively low at about $67,000-69,000. And among retail Idc manufacturers, century-long connections contribute more light to the average single case by adding more services such as content distribution, entertainment, etc. to the base server rental services.
The new network and Dr. Peng have largely converged on the average income from single cabinets and the Māori rate. We will further analyse the company in terms of the number of containers, the rent of single cabinets, and the Māori rate.
The old steel factory land, the construction of the idc project, and the construction of the idc cabinets amount to 60,000 units. With the exception of the second phase, which was built with the company's own capital, the remaining three are funded by means of a fixed increase or transferable debt collection.
As of December 31, 1818, the company owns about 20,000 Idc cabinets, of which the remaining three are almost complete and are in the harvest period, with the exception of the four phases of Treasure Cloud.
(b) Wuhan: At the beginning of the 19th year, the company launched a large-scale data complex in Wuhan, which is planned to be completed by the end of the 19th year, with a total of 16,000 cabinets built in 20-23 years;
Nanjing: The relocation was confirmed by the end of 18th year, and the company planned to build the Treasure Mountain Industrial Park at the site of the steel plant, based on a cloud computing data centre, with a total construction area of about 300,000 square metres. If the average of 5 square metres of space per container and only one floor of construction were to be considered, there would be about 60,000 incremental cabinets.
With the construction of random cabinets gradually landing, the revenue from corporate outsourcing has increased significantly. The positive impact on company performance has been evident since the company’s harvest period, with 18 years of outsourcing of corporate services (including idc) being achieved.
With the company’s follow-up idc project continuing, it is expected to continue to grow at a rapid rate. The annual rent for the company’s single case is at the wholesale idc level.
The annual rental rate of the single cabinet for the period 1-3, measured by the amount of the contract and the date of the contract's service, is roughly the same as that of the industry.
Clouds now have the capacity to provide a variety of value-added services, such as disaster-prepared clouds, safety clouds, etc. There are examples of projects that are expected to generate more diversified types of services in the future, and single-barrel revenues are expected to rise.
The construction of the old steel and steel plants was dominated by a natural advantage in terms of land acquisition/rental costs and the construction of electricity systems. According to statistics, the average cost of electricity systems and renovations in the idc sector was 55.6 per cent and 21.1 per cent, respectively, while the cost of the company’s Treasure Cloud 4 phase represented a lower share of electricity and civil construction than in the industry.
The Māori rate of outsourcing of company services has increased significantly since idc’s gradual landing. Prior to the company’s layout, the average Māori rate of outsourcing of services was 37.9%.
A further increase in the share and a further increase in the Mäori rate of outsourcing of services is likely.3 The company’s revenue from the business of idc, the Mäori rate measurement, is significantly more profitable than the competitor’s business of idc. We compare the main business with only idc.
The data port plans to invest $1.04 billion in the construction of the Alibaba data centre, which is divided into two parts with an internal return on investment (irr) of 10.5% and 10.6%, respectively.
The Idc project is about 18.5%, and according to the company announcement, Bo's annual net profit is expected to be approximately $84 million, while the actual annual net profit from production over 16 years is $116 million, exceeding the revenue requirement. We assume that both the Alibaba data centre at Data Harbour and the company's Treasure Cloud 4 will be achieved.
It is expected that, on the basis of the 4-phase investment in Treasure Cloud, the two companies will expect a net profit of about 62 per cent of the same size for the same type of project.The disclosed operating sub-income has integrated the maintenance/maintenance of idc operations and industrial software into services
Outsourcing projects. By its very nature, the revenue from outsourcing of services other than idc is essentially the same business system as that of the software industry, and we estimate the income from traditional outsourcing of services at the rate of compound growth in software operations over the years (about 7%), with a small upward adjustment (assuming 40%) to the Māori rate of outsourcing of services 14 years ago.
For 14-18 years, the average Māori rate of traditional service outsourcing resulted in 18 years of revenue from the company ' s 18 years of operation, construction completed in September of the year, and revenue from the Treasure Cloud project disclosed in the 15-16 annual report was relative to $345 million the previous year. According to our assumptions, 16 years of revenue from the Treasure Cloud project was estimated at $345 million.
In sum, we believe that this estimate is relatively reasonable, with an income of 44 million yuan in the fourth quarter of the year.iii. Industrial Internet platforms: Relying on the Treasures Group, corporate traditional business is rejuvenating,1 and industrial Internet platforms will be the main future trends in industrial informatization.
Industrial Internet platforms are a complete upgrading of traditional models. Together with cloud computing, big data, and artificial intelligence, industrial information upgrades across technology architecture, data, applications, and value models. Industrial Internet platforms are softened from the technology architecture compared to the traditional industrialit architecture.
Industrial Internet platforms provide solutions to industry’s pains. Companies are in a very diverse steel industry.
Iron zone, steel, hot roll, medium plate, bar line, steel type, cold roll, steel pipe and super-steel have a wide variety of processes, with high energy consumption and a high degree of adaptation to downstream demand. The traditional 17 systems are largely based on a process-oriented common system, and the iron and steel industry is complex and variable to meet perfectly.
The industrial Internet platform connects up and down, connecting raw material suppliers, factories and downstream customer data to one another, and can be transmitted faster to the entire industry chain once demand changes. The structure is deployed with micromodules, which allow for a more flexible upgrade of specific processes to respond to new needs.
Direct real-time monitoring of equipment consumption and unusual alerts have resulted in significant savings in energy consumption: large categories: high-purpose cloud platforms and common Paas platforms are more concentrated and markets are dominated by bats and China: industrial data analysis and visualization are entirely new areas, with predominantly start-up companies in the field;
The field of marginal calculation is dominated by a variety of hardware manufacturers; the industrial Paas and saas platform, which the company mainly covers, is close to downstream applications, is more targeted, and is largely competitive with the firm’s deep understanding of the application landscape and customer resources. Such markets have a large number of players, with a greater advantage in breaking down the traditional niches in industry.
In China, the State Department released China Manufacturing 2025 strategy in 2015, followed by an industrial Internet strategy.
The country’s industrial Internet platform market is expected to grow faster, driven by technology and policy. The steel industry’s Internet platform is in its infancy, with huge market growth.
Network platform applications are mostly in mechanical and energy applications, with only 2% of steel applications. According to the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology survey, the country ' s iron and steel industry has a third echelon of Internet applications in all sectors, with an intellectual manufacturing readiness rate of only 7.1%.
The prevalence of R & D tools, critical process numerical controls, etc. are high, while at higher levels the overall level of regulatory integration and production supply integration is below 20 per cent, the overall rate of industrial chain synergy is only 5.4 per cent, and the total share of large enterprises is only 14.5 per cent, and the scope for technological adaptation of the whole spectrum of the industry remains enormous in the future.
2. BMW Group industrial upgrading leaders, companies leading the steel industry information field, the steel industry is highly concentrated, and the leading companies are generally more profitable than the remaining companies. Listed companies in the steel industry account for more than 40% of the total revenues of the top five companies on the steel market and higher concentration in the industry.
The control of the shares of human treasures over 18 years accounts for 18.08 per cent of the total revenues of all companies listed in steel and 21.01 per cent of total net profits, which is a well-deserved leader of the industry. Sixteen years of reorganisation of the steel and the steel industry, which is now the world's second largest steel company, the BMW Group, will enjoy more industry.
Companies are leading in the industrial software industry. The industrial software market is generally less concentrated because of the wide variety of industrial manufacturing breakdowns. The top 10 cities in our traditional industrial software account for 35.5 per cent of the total, with companies fourth in China and more than 50 per cent in steelmes.
The former company has expanded its operations to the steel and non-iron industries outside the group, based on the BMW engineering services, with large enterprises and more competitive markets. The BMW group has a large operating space and a stable revenue base.
As corporate income from idc operations increases, the share of related transactions is steadily declining. According to the company ' s negotiable statement, interest rate fluctuations are relatively small, and this value is also applied to the company ' s Māori ratio forecast for future related transactions.
Industrial Internet platforms bring full-scale hardware and software upgrades. Companies' future earnings are sustainable. After years of deep-deeping industry, companies are now able to provide high-quality industrial Internet platform solutions.
In 18 years, the company, as the first industrial Internet platform in the long triangle, and the Chinese Institute of Information and Communications, signed the Framework Agreement on Strategic Cooperation for the Promotion of Industrial Internet Platforms Clustering in the Long Triangle.
The company’s industrial Internet platform is expected to continue to expand its market share and generate sustainable benefits for the company. The case of the industrial Internet platform of the company figure 42, Boshan Steel Co. Ltd., whose parent company, the Treasure Steel Group, is China’s largest modern steel joint venture.
Point 1. Asymmetrical information on the industrial chain leads to numerous blind areas in which there are synergies between in-plant manufacturing and out-of-plant channels; 2. Order orders, mainly on a monthly basis, with long supply chain cycles, weak risk resistance and overstretched pipeline stocks; 3. Management systems, with no access to data; and poor information on the back-to-back process, which is detrimental to process synergy, leading to high cut-off rates.
Quality engineers are less efficient. Industrial Internet platform-based solutions: 1. Treasure steel share car board products are owned by the user
1. Customize as required: build data access, order with several downstream automobile enterprises, or connect regional companies to data from channel stocks, and automate platform-based client production plans
:: Supply chain inventory management, logistics programme management, forecasting indicator analysis management, achieving user demand-driven organization
2. Low frequency of data collection and lack of efficient numbers 2. Data visualization: building a big data platform, using peripheral calculations, isomer networks
(c) Modelling support decision-making: performance based on simulation systems and data analysis tools
In recent years, the country’s economic transition has continued, and the steel industry’s backward production capacity will continue to be integrated with the industry’s leading firms.
According to the guidance for the development of the steel industry, by 2025, the country’s top ten steel industries will have a market share of 60-70%, and future industrial mergers and acquisitions will continue to be sufficient. In 18 and 19 years, the BMW Group used the company’s 12-year purchase of steel as an example, and as of 19h1, the company received a total of $1.8 billion from the steel industry.
We estimate the gross steel capacity: heavy steel has a capacity of about 6.38 million tons; horse steel has a capacity of about 1.64 million tons; steel is about 10 million tons, and heavy steel and horse steel are expected to generate more than 4.5 billion yuan in revenues for the company.
The new cabinets are 20a cabinets with higher power and will bring an average of single cabinets.
(2) Industrial Internet operations (associated parties): Industrial transformation within the BMW Group will continue to deepen ... and heavy steel is expected to generate more than $4.5 billion in incremental income to companies, based on the contribution of the Chanjiang steel to companies (3) Industrial Internet operations (non-associated parties): industrial Internet platforms inject industrial information
New dynamism, based on the company's experience, technology and reputation in the service of shareholders, the business is expected to be 2, Māori ratio forecast: idc operations will gradually show up with scale effects, Māori rates will rise, and we anticipate 3, Cost rate forecast: marketing and management rates: industry is in a continuous development phase, and companies are the dragons.
4. Corporate tax rates are maintained at three-year averages. Profit forecasts: based on our assumptions, companies are expected to achieve business income by 2019-2021, respectively valuing and rating: companies are industrial information service providers and idc manufacturers,a with comparable shares
Using friends’ networks, new Halo networks, data ports, East China News and Dr. Peng, among others. According to Wind data, pre-comparably comparable companies have an average market gain of 38.2 times, and according to our profit projections, Treasure Software has a significant cost and land resource advantage in the idc industry and should have a leading premium.
The corporate idc business has become a major driver of performance growth, and if it is affected by such impacts as higher industrial electricity costs, increased competition, and policy changes, it will slow down the pace of progress.
The development of iron and steel information technology has been hampered, and the iron and steel industry is complex and is currently relatively less intelligent and interconnected.
Companies are blocked in the corresponding areas of technology, markets may be taken over by new entrants, and growth in the non-iron sector is slow. Companies do not have significant advantages in the non-iron sector, and the business in question is under intense competitive pressure.
The report’s analytical logic is based on one’s own professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects his own research views, and the findings are not directed or influenced by any third party.