The company is the leader of our special steel industry.
Market leaders and industry standard setters are also the world’s most diverse and well-covered special steel manufacturers. There are currently four special steel facilities, namely, Great Metallurgical, Heungchen, Qingdao, Qingjiang, Bianjiang, Copper and Yangzhou, and two major raw materials production bases, as well as the Tae Fu hangar.
In 2019, the company was reorganized with Henchuan steel, with a total capacity of 13 million tons after its completion, representing 11.44% of the city's total output in the area of special steel.
At the upper end of the core product position, the sales volume of the axle steel product has been a global leader for 10 years, with high-end automobile steel, ocean berth steel, mineral chain steel, high-end cones, alloy steel tubes, special exercise gear, etc. being the first brand in the country.
For the platform’s open technology innovation system, billions of dollars are invested each year in science and technology, and a rich accumulation of technology has helped companies create the world’s first industries. From acquisition to restructuring, managing the advantages of asset acquisition has helped to improve asset operations.
1) In 2004-2008, the company annexed the smelting steel group, the stone house iron and steel, and the bronze mausoleum; since 2017, the Sino-Sin group has implemented intensive asset consolidation within the group, integrating three high-quality potential companies, Qingdao Te, Jiang Suzie and Qinggangt Steel, and 37 others, over a two-year period.
The companies involved in the steel business, which are included in the Qingxian steel report, (2) Sintex is using its advanced scientific management model to in-depth adapt the incorporated enterprises, which are represented by the restructuring of large smelting steel, Qingjia steel, and Qingjiangt steel, all of which are in the process of incorporation.
The following year, gains and losses were reversed and performance growth was maintained. (3) After this merger, in addition to the integration effect of uniform pricing, centralized purchasing, industrial layout, restructuring of products, etc., some products such as steel tubes, amalgamated steel, etc. were introduced
Less than industry comparable company valuations, so for the first time it was covered with a “buy-in” rating.
The company’s company, which is the world’s leading specialized, special steel manufacturing company, has the capacity to produce more than 13 million tons of special steel material annually. The company’s history dates back to 1890, when Governor Zhang’s Hole created the Hanmelon Coal Factory and Mines Company.
The brand of steel, as well as the value, recognition and reputation of the two “China brands” of steel and magnified steel under the flag, have been rising and gaining a global reputation.
In December 2018, the company announced that it was planning to purchase the shares of Jiang Yingcheng Special Steel Company Ltd. in the form of shares. In September 2019, the company's restructuring programme was implemented to purchase investments in Tae Fu, Jiang Xinyu, Jiang Xinhai, Jiang Xinhai and Jiang Xinhai.
In November 2019, the company took part in a bid to buy a 13.50% share of the Hing-tsing steel that was publicly listed at Jiang Soo's handover, which culminated in a successful acquisition of 100% of Hing-tsing steel.
Table 1: The company buys the time line, and since the big smelting steel and the schizophrenic steel control group is the middle-consortium group, the middle-consortium group is the company before and after the change in equity.
After the company's entire listing, the Sino-Trust Group still has absolute control over the company by means of new smelting steel, Sino-Tino-Tino investment, and the indirect ownership of 83.84% of the public sector's shares in the letter. Sino-Thirty is the leader, market leader, and industry standard-setter of our special steel industry, as well as the leader of the new industry.
At present, the company owns the Gang Sujiang Xinjiang steel, the Lake North Yellowstone smelting steel, the Shandong Qingjia steel, the Jiang Su Jinjiang steel special steel manufacturing base, the two major raw materials production bases of the Ani bronze cauldron, Jiang Suyan State special materials, the Shan Dong Taifu hangar, the Zhejiang steel pipe and the extension base of the two main industrial chains.
The company has a special steel production capacity of more than 13 million tons per year and a world-class state-of-the-art technology and equipment, and is currently a strong, global steel-covering, diverse and product-type special steel manufacturer.
The company has alloy steel bars, special medium-heavy plates, special seamless steel tubes, special smelting, alloys, steel wires, alloy steel clusters of six products and a series of deep-processed products such as alloy steels, silver-lighted materials, car parts, etc., which are used downstream mainly in auto manufacturing, aerospace, orbital transport, construction bridges, engineering machinery, oil, stone, etc.
In the fields of chemistry, wind power, nuclear power, ships and marine engineering, more than 60 countries and territories, including the United States, Japan, and the European Union and South-East Asia, have been highly favoured by domestic and foreign users in high-end areas.
Special steel, i.e. special steel, is the most important steel type used in most sectors of the national economy, such as machinery, automobiles, military, chemical, domestic power, ships, transport, railways, and new and emerging industries. China’s special steel industry bears the heavy burden of producing the special steel varieties needed by IDF workers, the high technology industry, and key industries such as machinery, cars, etc.
China’s growth in manufacturing has provided space for the development of the country’s special steel industry, which has continued to grow rapidly, especially in such industries as machinery, automobiles, motor power, shipbuilding, and strong demand for special steel, which has become a direct force behind the special steel market.
2.1. High-end steel is an emerging sector supported by policy priorities. The country ' s economic development has entered a new phase, with economic growth shifting from quantitative to quantitative, with a series of measures to support the high-end steel industry. In May 2015, the State Council issued a strategic document, China Manufacturing 2025, on the full deployment of the manufacturing power.
High-end manufacturing is an important indicator of the core competitiveness of the country’s industry. The model of our economic development has now shifted from incremental to incremental, labour-intensive to technology-intensive, knowledge-intensive growth.
Added value, adapting proactively to changes in the economic environment of the new era. In order to support and guarantee the success of the strategic plan for China’s 2025 manufacturing industry, since 2015 the state has been engaged in a series of policies to promote the development of the new materials industry, from the institutional to industrial policy levels.
At the national level, the State Council has decided to establish a national leadership group for the development of the new materials industry to promote the overall deployment and important planning of new materials, including special steel; at the industrial policy level, new materials industry plans, such as the 13th Five-Year National Strategic and Emerging Industries Development Plan and the New Materials Industry Development Guide, have been issued to guide industry development and promote industry.
The upgrading process has created a favourable development environment for the transformation of the steel industry and for the realization of the transition. With policy support, the development of the country’s special steel industry, especially in the high-end steel sector, is expected to accelerate further.
High-end manufacturing development supports the future growth in demand for high-end steel, and potential demand for the market is emerging. Our special steel industry, originally built for the defence force and aerospace support, has been shifting to sophisticated equipment for more than a decade as the automobile industry has grown and the mechanical industry has moved towards sophisticated equipment, with rapid growth in steel production, expanding applications and growing variety.
However, in the high-end steel sector, some varieties are still heavily dependent on imports, and there is an urgent need for national production of key materials. As the 2019 Central Economic Workshop re-emphasized the need to optimize the economy’s structure, the future upgrading of the manufacturing sector will be a priority, and industrial plans such as China Manufacturing 2025 highlight the country’s progress towards the industrial chain.
The military's determination, with high-end manufacturing, represented by energy, automobiles, defence forces, engineering machinery, nuclear industry, etc., will usher in a period of rapid development, and the demand for medium- and high-end steel will open up new growth opportunities that will help to deepen the growth of enterprises in the medium- and high-end steel field in the coming years.
According to the Chinese Association of Special Steel Enterprises, the total output of Nate Steel Enterprises in 2019 was 129 million tons, or 15.3 per cent of total production, while Japan ' s Iron and Steel Union jisf reported a 22.94 per cent surplus in 2019. The difference is greater than in developed countries.
There is a low concentration, low alloying, and low weighting of high-value-added products in the steel industry, which means that there is still a potential for growth in the steel industry in the country, and that there is much room for improvement in the steel sector. Looking at the history of the steel industry in the world, it is possible to find common ground in steel development in the developed world: when steel production reaches a certain scale, the traditional steel industry has gradually developed.
So, we think that, while total domestic production of steel will slow down in the future, the increase in the share of steel will be a big one. As the country progresses in its special steel production technology, with a global specialty of 10-15%, the industry is huge.
2.3. Substream demand growth points have emerged, and domestic demand for steel has continued to grow in recent years as a result of national policy consolidation and the corresponding development of downstream industries, the rapid growth in the number and value added of our high-technology enterprises and industries, and the rapid upgrading of the manufacturing sector.
The demand for special steel materials is bound to benefit as well. 1, Motor manufacturing: cyclical growth, phasing out upgrades, three major growth potentials of new energy vehicles.
In the first year of the period, there will be a stronger upward trend. The use of cars as a large trader with a high demand elasticity affects sales patterns, mainly in terms of disposable income, consumption of essential goods, expenditure on large-scale loans, such as houses, and the size of vehicles, so that, while the q1 vehicle sales in 2020 were limited by the epidemic, they remained short-term, with each passing day.
The government has put in place a consumption stimulus policy after the outbreak, and the backlog of demand will be released. The end-of-life motor vehicle recovery management scheme (Decree 715) of 1 June 2019, which aims to break through the automobile end-of-life industrial chain and eliminate the stock of old cars, which is 16.8% more than the previous year, has accelerated the phasing out of old vehicles and has released new vehicle consumption power in recent years.
From 2014 to 2019, China ' s new energy vehicle penetration rate rose from 0.32 to 4.59 per cent, with strong growth. At the beginning of 2020, the government made several calls for new infrastructure, building new energy vehicle support facilities, such as power-filling pegs, throughout the country, to speed up the landing of new energy vehicles.
In the future, the penetration rate of new energy vehicles will increase further. Figure 6: Year-on-month ratio of vehicle production, 2000-2019 (in %) Figure 7: Sales and penetration of new energy vehicles in China, 2014-2019
Steel is the main raw material for automobile manufacturing, accounting for 72-88% of all raw materials, of which special steel accounts for another 30% left right. According to the statistics, car special steel production accounts for 40% of the total special steel production, and is the largest area of special steel applications, widely used in the manufacture of axes, poles, gears, etc., mainly in alloy-structured steel, spring steel, gear steel, and cutable steel.
Type of steel, cold steel, heat-resistant steel, etc. 2 Aviation: Grand National Aircraft c919 entry, Air Engine manufacturing stimulating high-end steel demand. As of November 2020, Grand National Aircraft c 919 cumulatively received over 1,000 orders, cumulatively reaching customers
At the same time, c919, enjoying the benefits of our aeronautical industry development, such as engineers, manufacturers, China’s manufacturing quality reputation, can save production costs, provide more flexibility in the pricing of the entire machine, and be extremely attractive to the emerging Asia-Africa-La Air Market. c919, with a global industrial chain of cooperation, the manufacturing process is gradually becoming national production for its ultimate purpose.
At present, the bulk of the construction and manufacture of the structures of the c919 aircraft, the airframes, the airframes, the wings, and the punctuated tails are being done by Chinese suppliers. High-temperature alloys, the key material widely used for the motives of aircraft development, account for more than 50% of the material used in advanced aviation engines and are known as the "the foundation of advanced aviation engines"
The main categories of high-temperature alloys used in aviation engines are three main categories: high-temperature deforming alloys, casts of high-temperature alloys, and new high-temperature alloys, which are used mainly in combustion chambers, guided leaves, turbo blades and four hot-end components of the turbosis, and also in the receivers,
The main indicators of aeronautics performance, the “pull ratio” and the temperature of their work are closely related, and it has been researched to increase the temperature of turbine imports by about 10% for each 100°C increase. High-temperature alloy material is therefore a major factor limiting the performance of aviation engines, which will be increasingly dependent on the former in the future,c919.
National production has provided a strong stimulus to the development of and demand for high-temperature alloys in our special steel industry. According to 2019, aviation engines and derivatives generated $21 billion, aviation engines accounted for 80% of the country’s total air circulation market, and high-temperature alloy structures accounted for about 30% of the full air engine value, calculated in 2019.
The size of the gold market is about $5 billion.3 Railway construction: the construction of high-speed inter-city railways and large-scale inter-city rail transport. In response to the economic downside pressures of the new crown epidemic, since March, the central voice has been squeezing for “new infrastructure” plus.
On the one hand, with the publication of 19 national priority urban clusters, rapid traffic demand between urban clusters will grow rapidly. On the other hand, with the promotion of two five-year rounds of the plan, the “eight-way-by-eight” pattern of the country's high-speed railway construction is expected to rise in the next five to five years.
Ten years of rapid progress, the Inter-City Rapid Railway (IRT) has a great potential to develop as a fine vein and as a trunk line. Since 2015, the Inter-City High-Ride (IRT) project has been under way since 2015, and there are now high-speed railways between Jinjing, Changix, Jinning, Changjing, Changjing, Changjing, Hang-Chang, Guangjoo and Guihang.
Steel for the construction of high iron is divided into three main categories: steel for rail or fork, steel for locomotives, steel for bridges, and steel for special steel, which is used mainly in locomotive bodies and wheel axes. The body of the vehicle consists mainly of the main beam of the body, the frame, the interior and the interior, and is divided into carbon steel, weather-resistant steel, stainless steel and aluminium alloys according to the main material.
By the end of the year, China’s high-speed railways had reached 35,000 kilometres, with an average fleet coverage of 991 groups per 10,000 kilometres, stabilizing in the world. As the high-speed railways continue to be completed, the number will continue to grow faster in the future.
The high-speed rail mileage of 200 km/h and above (excluding 200 km/h) will reach 38,000 km, while the high-speed rail mileage of 200 km/h and above (excluding 200km/h) will be 19,000 km in operation in 2015, with a combined growth rate of 7.18% over 10 years, at which time the moving team will total 3,766, while the driving team will normally use eight vehicles for group formation.
The gold and stainless steel vehicles, which each halved, used 587496 tons of super-steel in new bodies between 2020 and 2025.4 Power generation: we reboot nuclear power plants in a comprehensive manner, stimulating demand for nuclear power special steel, such as dual-phase stainless steel.4 In January 2019, four nuclear power units using the national production of the Chinese Dragon 1 technology, Project 1,
Unit 2, along with Unit 1 and Unit 2 of the Xiaoping nuclear power phase of China's Guangzhou nuclear group, has been approved to mark the breaking of the “zero approval” status of our nuclear power construction since 2015, the dissipation of the Fukushima cloud and the recovery of our nuclear power sector. By the end of 2019, we had 47 nuclear power units operating (excluding Taiwan).
There are 13 nuclear power units under construction, with a total installed capacity of 48,751.16 million kilowatt-hours, and eight nuclear power units at the Peacha River nuclear power station, the Chei Da Fort nuclear power station and the Changjiang nuclear power plant, which are planned for construction, with the prospect of a new batch of six to eight nuclear power units per year, the re-launching of which will be more sustainable.
The mechanical equipment of the nuclear power station is created by the highly radioactive and corrosive nature of its working environment, which makes it difficult for ordinary special corrosive steel to be competent, and the iron-coated two-body stainless steel to be produced. The nuclear power station is now all in the light water reactor, with its main coolant pipeline, heat exchangers, pressure tanks, switching tanks, fuel tanks, fuel water storage tanks.
The inner walls are exposed directly to corrosible liquids or gas media, forming wet contact surfaces, while the Austen-iron bibody is stainless steel, combining the advantages of anus-irresist steel with iron steel, with excellent plastic resilience, crystal-resistant corrosivity, welding, stronger yield strength, stress-resistant corrosion and corrosion of chlorinated substances, and a low inflation factor that can easily be associated with carbon steel.
It's the ideal building material for a nuclear power plant. It's been calculated that more than 60 nuclear power plants will be built in the next 10 years, with the current mainstream cap1000 and cap1400 nuclear power plants, and that they will bring in a very impressive number of leaders in the special steel industry.
In 2018, the Chinese flag completed its acquisition of the Gangangte Steel and Jiang Susi Steel Group, which resulted in a production breakthrough of 12 million tons in the same year, while the anti-super-toose steel stainless became the industrial energy giant; and in 2019, the Great Metallurgical Steel.
With the completion of the merger, the total group output was 13 million tons, reaching 13.322 million tons in that year, further consolidating the niche in the steel industry. Mystel estimated that mid-2019, when Sintex was in the special steel sector, it was 11.44 per cent, 1.27 times as stainless as a competitor and 47.35 times as much as an innovating material.
Looking back at the rate of growth in steel production between 2016 and 2019 in the various steel companies, the stainless steel, the ingenuity material, the st-spare steel, the impact of structural reform policies on the supply side, the increase in iron stainless production between 0 per cent and 2.5 per cent, and the insomnia material output between 2 and 13 per cent.
In the last two years, the domestic steel market has been low, the country has put in place a degenerative policy to accelerate the withdrawal of low-end products and low-end enterprises, and the main listed special steel companies have generally lost a lot of money. Since the introduction of the M&A program in 2017, the Sino-Sinter steel has consolidated 23 domestic specialty steel companies, including high-end special steel such as Xinjiang, Qingjiang, Jianjiang, etc.
Manufacturing enterprises, enjoying the dividends of supply-side reforms, are the main reason for the growth in the size of the company and its reversible profits. Figure 17: Comparison of the rate of growth in steel production in selected steel companies listed on the market. Figure 18: Profit levels in the steel industry, 2019
3.2. High-end product positioning. In 2019, the company had a large number of products in the head of the industry, of which high standard bearing steel was the world ' s largest in sales, with a domestic market of more than 80 per cent; car parts and components were the highest in sales, and high-end automobile steel in the domestic market.
Over 65%; over 70% of the domestic market for high-end concocts; over 80% of the domestic market for mineral chain steel; over 90% of the domestic market for high-end ocean chain berthing steel. Companies dominate the upper end of product positioning, with high technical barriers.
There are a large number of stable long-term strategic cooperation clients. After the successful restructuring of 2019, the company’s total steel production reached 13 million tons, becoming the largest, most full-scale, specialized, high-end steel producer worldwide, with greater product coverage, less affected simply by the decline in demand in a given industry, and more resilient to cycles.
Technology innovation leads the way to growth in the steel industry, where technology is the first productivity. Companies use product and technological innovation as the first element of leading industries, building new competitive advantages, opening up new ideas around practical issues, developing new measures, exploring new approaches and improving economic performance.
The technology index, which integrates the concept of “technology-made steel” into enterprise development, strongly supports the construction of national heavy-point engineering and the upgrading of the major equipment industry. Companies, supported by the development of special steel-critical technologies, have developed a large number of niche steels that are in short supply in the country, producing millions of tons of high-end special steel products every year to replace imports.
Figure 19: The company's high-end product makes a significant contribution to Chinese engineering.
The company provides them with bridges, steel plates, and steel is strong, resilient and resistant.
The high-temperature alloy rotor developed by the company is the Long March 2 f carrier rocket, the "The Ark" series, the "The Sky Palace"
The company provides railway spring steel with a long life-resistance of 13 million times.
Certification of the company ' s suppliers of passenger vehicles, cargo bearing materials, as an alternative import material approved by the Ministry of Railways.
In 2019, 2,786 million yuan was invested in research and development. With good institutional mechanisms, the Institute carried out a number of research projects at the forefront of the country’s scientific and technological priorities, as well as those of the provinces and cities where the enterprises are located, and obtained a wealth of research results and technology patents from various countries and industries.
In recent years, the company has created many industries and even the world’s first. The company produces axle steel, which is the world’s highest level of purity, and provides internationally recognized companies such as Sweden and Scheffer, Germany, for 10 years in a row.
Ball first; automobiles supply German Porsche, BMW, Mercedes, Toyota, Honda, Japan; large wind power for energy conservation, clean energy — a super-sized alloy steel chain of 1 metre diameter, shaped for the first time in the world; r6 maximum-performance ocean chain steel to fill the world's void; and weary spring steel with more than 13 million lifetimes to create the world's number one.
I: The maximum thickness of the flask is 610 mm, world record; the 2000mpa class of bridge cable and steel develops 14.9-degree super-high-intensity engine poles for the world's highest power with hard steel. The product is certified through the Scheffer roller and spherical defunct product.
A major breakthrough was made in the experiment, which increased the industrial influence of the company's super-high-strength steel in the aerospace field.
Beneath efficiency is the company's consistent approach, and in 2019 it was a “reduce efficiency year” for the company. In order to move forward with a lean transition, upgrade and integrate competitiveness, eliminating waste, improving quality, creating value and increasing efficiency. In 2019, the company's special steel ton cost was $4487, a decrease of $529 compared to 2018; and ton of steel ton $985, an increase of $10 from 2018.
On the product side, the index of sales of Xinjiang steel has made a historic breakthrough of 6 million tons: the Great Metallurgical Steel was awarded the “National Quality Award”, the “National Model Greening Unit”, four prizes for scientific and technological progress at the national and provincial levels, the results of five national scientific and research courses were identified and approved for the establishment of specialist workstations; the Qingjia Iron and Steel Days were innovative and 1960 mpa-grade bridges were created
The cable line was awarded the China Steel Association's “China Iron and Steel Industry Development Market Opening Award”; the Jingjiangte steel business received revenue, steel production and sales, variety structure, equipment operations and customer satisfaction levels have steadily increased.
In 2019, companies stepped up their international market efforts, rising their share of export products, increasing their capacity to purchase resources on international markets, actively participating in “one-way” construction, exploring global resource allocation and industrial layout. In the face of the dramatic rise in global trade friction, companies became more proactive.
Over 200 new users have been developed throughout the year in various regional markets around the world, with total exports reaching 1.76 million tons and negative growth 4. Special steel experts: from acquisition to integration, from cycle to growth, starting in 2003 with a series of acquisitions in the interior of the country by Cinte Steel Investments Ltd., which began in 17 years.
The purchase of the Lake North Smelting Group, Stone and Steel, Angkor bronze Cascade, Qingjia Steel, Jinjiang Tet Steel, Zhejiang Glouces, etc., was mostly made subject to asset restructuring as a result of poor operations leading to excessive production costs or unaffordable debt, and the product itself was very competitive. The Sino-Sinte steel, using its managerial and technical advantages, was incorporated into the company’s management, management, management, management, and management of the company.
Through the acquisition, Sino-Turkish steel forms a high-grade, high-quality, all-goods product array, breaks through the cyclical changes in the traditional steel market, and continues to attack the city in the special steel market.
4.1. The brilliant M&A history of Shin-Sin-Budt steel plate, a merger of smelting steel groups, stone-coated steel and ensigns, between 2004 and 2008, bronze masonry: the three high-quality potentials of Qingdao, Jiang Su-tsi steel groups, Jinggiant steel were successfully added in 2016-2019
In November 2019, the Sino-Tefute steel plate was marketed as a whole and became a "super carrier" of the domestic a-share steel plate. 4.2. Models from M&A to integration
As a member of the Sino-Sinte group, the Sino-Sinte Steel has implemented its four pillars of development. Innovative regulatory mechanisms and modern business models have laid the foundation for companies to continue their development. We can see clearly that the Sino-Sinte Steel is involved in the Great Metallurgical Steel, the Qingjia Steel, and the Jingjiang River.
The performance of the special steel business has improved significantly as a result of its management.
In 2005, Sino-Sinte steel acquired the Lake North Smelting Group, a steel factory with a century-old history of production. In the same year, its listed portion of the market saw an increase of $1.28 billion in revenues from major smelting steel sales and a return tax of $970 million, which is twice the company's record as the highest profit tax; and foreign trade exports amounted to $74 million, the second highest in the province, after martial arts.
Steel conglomerates; year-on-year net profit on big smelting steel increased by nearly 300%. It is worth noting that the total output of big smelting steel increased by only 130,000 tons in 2005 compared to the previous year, and that Sino-Kin's overhaul of the new smelting steel sales system was successful.
The new smelting steel is no longer based solely on distributors, but rather on forming its own marketing team, turning product sales into a technology flow with its clients, introducing differentiated services and differentiated marketing. It is reducing the cost of comprehensive purchases by users and enhancing competition with peers.
At the same time, access to valuable information coming directly from clients makes it a basis for the development of new products and a tool for the development of new customers. In addition, the feedback-recording cycle for all information from the new metallurgical distribution system has been shortened to 24 hours, with three budget meetings per month fine-tuning the various components of production.
The ecology of the production, supply, and distribution chain has taken shape. 4.2.2. Qingdao Tetsu has lost about 640 million yuan by the first half of 2017.
In May 2017, Qingjima Tetse was incorporated into the Sino-China Group. In October of the same year, Qingjian Tsing Tseng formally took over Qing Tsing and provided Qing Tsing to borrow 3 billion yuan in Qing Tsi for Qing Tsi Tsi to repay the debts owed to the seller and its subordinates. As a result, Qing Tsing Tsi began to emerge from a difficult situation.
Turns around, benefiting more from corporate management excellence, Qingdao Tsai quickly achieved a loss and a significant improvement in its performance. After taking over Qingteng, Qingteng Tseng has upgraded its original production line, increased the corresponding fine-tuning facilities and expanded steel mills, as well as the implementation of peripheral support facilities, informatization, etc., these measures were the most successful.
At the same time, the synergies between the various enterprises in the special steel plate were realized, and the Qingjia steel group ' s sales procurement system was used to lower the price of raw materials, optimize the customer structure, and raise the Māori level. It benefited from the brand value of the Sino-Sinte steel, and its sales and bargaining power.
In the first half of the year, most of the losses were due to a loss of $869 million in net profits from the 2017 Qingjia steel industry, which was a seamless steel pipe production base under the flag of the Wallin Group, with a full processing capacity and ancillary production facilities with several seamless steel tubes. However, under factors such as overcapacity in the industry and the high cost of its own production, 2016, 2017
Each year, it loses $774 million and $494 million. Businesses have continued to grow in size owing to difficulties in their operations, which eventually led to a debt overhang. Equity was transferred publicly in 2018, formally joined the Sino-Tefute Steel Group in June, and was replaced by Siu Gang.
At the end of 2018, technical staff of the Jingangte Steel Pipeline Ministry adapted their beaks to reduce gas consumption by a further 1-3 cubic metres/tonne in 2018 compared to 2017; the upgrade of the coating cycle collection and modification system not only increased the use of paint by 30 per cent compared to the previous period, further reduced the cost of production, but also achieved the cycle.
The Steel Pipeline Department has modified the plant-wide low-pressure dysentery, increasing the cooling water pressure at the point of connection, making the cooling effect more stable, reducing wear and tear, raising the life of the pipe, and helping to reduce the cost of process consumption, electricity, and recycling waterfall, totalling 1196,000 yuan. During the same period, the Jing Gang Steel has made full use of state-of-the-art equipment to speed up product structure optimization.
On the basis of this adjustment, the variety of steel tubes has been continuously upgraded, the production of cylinders into the reservoir has increased by more than two times in September/October, and the gas in June/October, the Yangtze steel has continued to develop new products, completing the production of new products such as 95s/p9.
4.3. Mergers and acquisitions become the core competitiveness. They are only one step in making firms strong - by choosing quality tenders before they are acquired, and then by restructuring and enabling the merged firms to overcome their own ills, exploit their pre-existing advantages and integrate fully into the existing system.
It is also important to ensure that the supply of human resources is kept in check and that new potential risks are protected in order for the enterprise to thrive, as has been the case with the acquisition of Cinte Steel over the years, which is one of its core competitiveness. 4.3.1. External acquisitions are combined with internal integration.
The Sino-Consent Group has been active in developing high-end steel production potential in the field of steel. There were a large number of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the country before, with decentralized production, a single product group for each enterprise, a strong homogeneity, a weak independent scientific research capability, and a low value added of product technology.
Special steel enterprises that have fallen into production stagnation or sustained losses have turned to state-of-the-art high-end steel companies that have managed them to transform their governance to help the acquired enterprises turn their profits into profits and eventually integrate them into production systems, enrich their own productive capacities, and promote technological accumulation.
Since 2017, there has been intensive consolidation of assets, including write-off and stripping companies, in two years 40 companies associated with the special steel business have been consolidated and included in the Xinxian steel statements. In late 2019, the Sino-Sink company listed under the Sino-Sink flag merged with the Qingxing Steel under its flag, marking the Sino-Sinks steel industry.
The strategic layout is almost complete, and the merged Sino-Thaifurt Steel Group has succeeded in becoming the largest marketed steel company in the country. In an interview in early 2020, Sino-Technology Chairman Yu Yapang said that production had increased in the first two months of 2020, that business targets would not be reduced this year, and that Sino-Technite had developed more than 15 million tons of fine to build a special steel product.
4.3.2. Synergistic scale effects of acquisitions
After the Sintt Steel Group, the parent company could benefit from a low-cost dividend from a much larger marketing system than its own, which would lead to a lower yield. For example, the Qingdao Steel Group’s sales procurement system, which would lower the price of raw materials, optimize the customer structure, raise the Māori level, combine technological upgrading, and succeed in reversing the loss to a higher yield, 2018.
At the same time, the company has adopted a pattern of centralized sales, where the bases under the flag have fought together, and each has taken advantage of the market, with an annual production rate of more than 100 per cent in 2019; the company has maintained a “end-to-end” sales model close to its clients, with a direct annual sales ratio of 79 per cent. In the same year, the sales of alloy steel bars increased by 8 per cent, and the sales of alloy steel have increased by a large round.
Eighty-four per cent of the sales of special steel plates grew by 21 per cent, special seamless steel pipes by 24 per cent, special smelting by 4 per cent, and branding of high-end steel species. By relying on the Group’s sales procurement system, financial advantages, technological strength, and value of goods, there is effective synergy across regions, with full economies of scale at the same time as capacity is growing.
As an important part of the corporate talent strategy, the inauguration of the Sinte Steel College in mid-2019 marks a solid step in the direction of talent. The College, in collaboration with Zhejiang University Management College, is working with the country’s leading corporate schools to learn how to support tubes.
In order to promote learning, students are able to cope successfully with the depth of their jobs in the Sino-Sinte Steel Group after training in a comprehensive system.
In May 2017, Sino-Sin took control of Qingjima steel, and the company's production line was advanced, with 4 million tons of steel produced annually, equipped with large machines, closed material fields, 7m cremators, 240mi burners, 1800 m3 furnaces, 100t turns and vacuum refining,
Coiled, specialized fine wires, bars, flat steel production lines, brought in the current state-of-the-art international technological equipment produced by companies such as Morgan, Danelli, Italy, and Simquart, Germany, using full-width, unwieldy, micro-stroke-stamping techniques to ensure the quality of the product.
High-end positioning, high-market visibility, and product variety. Qingdao Quantue steel participation has basically laid down the pattern of the three main production bases for Tsingt steel currently located in Lake North, Jiang Su-heung-chung, and Shandong Qingdao.
In 2019, the company completed the merger of Zhejiang Gros Coated Steel Co. Ltd. and was renamed the Zhejiang Tefou Co. Ltd., forming the two main industrial chain extension bases for the Tefu hangar and Zhejiang Steel Co. Ltd.
The complementarities of seamless steel pipes with existing products in large smelting steel and Jingjiang steel will create a full range of full-calibre, seamless steel pipe production capacity. As a result, the company’s total steel output will reach 1.5 million tons, with a full variety of varieties, and the overall competitiveness of the product will increase significantly in complementarity. In the future, the company will continue to strive to optimize the layout of the industrial chain and develop the chain.
In addition, the Qingjia steel renewal project will further enrich the company’s poles and line items specifications. The project is initially scheduled to be completed in the second half of 2021, with the production of 500,000 tons of line steel, tire steel, 500,000 tons of welds, etc., and 130,000 tons of steel, a total of 1.13 million tons per year.
Our profit projections are based on the assumption that the steel industry, where the company is located, has continued to grow relatively fast in recent years, with greater potential for consumption growth, and that the company is expected to recover from the Māori rate of the company ' s products in the period 2020 - as the three major projects of corporate efficiency fall to the ground.
Many times less than the industry average of comparable companies, so it was covered for the first time with a “buy-in” rating. 1) Special steel demand is growing less than expected. Downstream demand expansion is the most direct factor in the development of the special steel sector, and growth in the special steel sector is limited if demand increases are insufficient.
Iron ore prices have declined since August 2020, but the overall operation is high, not excluding the subsequent rise in iron ore prices, reducing corporate profit margins. 3) Overseas market risks. Offshore epidemics and geopolitical tensions will limit the opening of overseas markets.
Deteriorating circumstances and deteriorating geopolitical relations will affect the company ' s overseas market more strongly.