The three-quarter review of the three-quarter rate of Lithium 300014 is a steady increase in three-quarters waiting for power cell release.
In the three quarters of 2017, the company collected $1,987 million, an increase of 37.21 per cent in the same year, and net profit from the mother $323 million, an increase of 103.53 per cent in the same year, which is basically in line with market expectations.
The Division received $643 million, representing a 2.6 per cent increase in the same year, a 29.8 per cent increase in the net return to the mother, an $89 million decrease in the net return to the mother, and a 23 per cent decrease in the ring, mainly due to the sale of McVille shares in the second quarter and the revaluation of the remaining shares.
As a result, there has been a slight decline in the harvest ratio; while the company ' s traditional lithium primary batteries have remained stable at a steady rate of growth and have further increased their profitability as a result of product upgrades; and the lithium power business has been low in base and fast, but the overall power cell contribution to performance has been limited due to the delayed pace of passenger traffic this year.
▪ The low rate of Māori e-smoking is off the list, and corporate profitability has increased. 31.3 per cent of Māori in the third quarter of 2017, an increase of 0.69 percentage points in the same period, has remained largely stable. The three seasons are largely due to the fact that the e-smoking business is off the list (the average rate of Māori in the e-smoking business is 26-27 per cent compared to lithium).
In the first three quarters, the net interest rate was 18.06%, an increase of 4.83 percentage points compared to the previous three quarters, benefiting from the transfer of McVell and the revalued surplus stock; and three quarters, 1 million latitude lithium energy: a significant increase in performance is in line with the forecast.
In terms of cost rates, product construction goes hand in hand with customer outreach.
Increases, with company costs increasing by 67.67 per cent to $317 million in the previous three quarters, compared to the same period: power cell capacity climbs up the slopes, releases up by 2.03 percentage points to 10.07 per cent in relation to the same period, mainly due to higher R & D costs;
Together, Lithium at the end of the three-quarter period, the net cash flow of corporate operations at the end of the three-quarters.
For -21 million; due to the company’s active construction of lithium cell capacity, the first three quarters of capital has contributed to a steady profit; the power lithium cell capacity has been released, and high growth is expected. The company’s lithium cell has been maintained at 20%, benefiting from the growing demand in areas such as shared bicycles, ecallls, medical care, etc.
In terms of power batteries, a 2.5gwhh lithium phosphate battery has been formed, with 3.5gwh triple battery capacity, and 1gwh soft stack battery is currently in place.
In the installation of the debugging, the location of the passenger car market is planned to be completed by the end of the year, when the lithium capacity will reach 9 gwh. The company is now entering the supply chain of Nanjing Kinlong, Shaanxi Tong, Chang-an Hebei, Wah-tae, Dong Feng, Ya-jun, Cao-tae, and so on.
To benefit from the outbreak of demand for passenger and logistics vehicles, Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has an investment advisory committee on securities