A significant increase in performance was in line with expectations, with the focus on lithium power bursting in three quarters of Lithium Billions (30014) The company issued its third quarter report in 2017. In a single quarter, the company earned $643 million in operating income in the third quarter, an increase of 2.58 per cent compared to the same period last year;
The net return to the mother was $91 million, an increase of 29.81 per cent compared to the same period last year; the basic return per share was $0.11, a decrease of 35.19 per cent over the same period last year; the first three quarters of the year, when the company collected $1.987 billion, an increase of 37.21 per cent over the same period last year; the net profit to the mother was $323 million, an increase of 103.53 per cent over the same period last year; and the basic share per share was 0.37 dollars, an increase of 1.61 per cent over the same period last year.
Multi-tech route layout power cells, with successive energy releases, have entered a part of the vehicle supply system. The company develops and produces three-dollar batteries for phosphate lithium and \triangleright, phosphate for new energy buses, and the three-dollar is mainly for logistics and passenger vehicles. The company has 2.5gwhh cylinders for $18,650.
At the same time, the company has successfully entered the mainstream vehicle supply system of Yutong, Zhang An, Nanjing King Dragon, and has selected multiple models for a wide catalogue of new energy vehicles, and the company’s powered lithium market has gradually made a breakthrough, with rapid growth.
The beneficial network market, and the lithium primary battery business, continues to improve. The company’s lithium primary battery downstream is mainly oriented towards the networked product market, such as gps positioning, \triangleright monitoring, shared bicycles, and e-Call, and as industry development needs continue to rise, feedback is good, both at home and abroad, especially at the rate of growth in overseas markets.
In addition, on September 29, the company’s entire lithium primary battery business was registered at the heart of the company’s performance growth. The company’s lead in lithium primary batteries will continue to be consolidated, mainly for the production of lithium primary batteries, and the growth of Eastern financial intelligence.
The focus on the lithium plate transfers control and achieves a win-win with Melville. The company’s former controlling subsidiary, McVell, needs to independently seek a wider room for business operations, where the company transfers control over McVell and continues to hold shares in McVell as a financial investor.
The profits will have a positive impact on the company’s net profits for the current year. The new energy vehicles are not growing as expected, homogenous competition in the powered lithium industry is increasing, and the source of financial prosperity in the East is growing.
He's a leader of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, and he's good at keeping track of the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.