Differential competition accelerates market expansion, external M&As improve the industrial layout, differential competition accelerates the growth of corporate markets, and good market fundamentals grow in good performance.
The company is a leading pharmaceutical research and development service provider in the country and is committed to outsourcing drug research and development services for pharmaceutical companies, biotech and research institutes around the world.
Laboratory chemistry has now become the world's few outsourcing firms with large-scale laboratory chemical services with strong R & D capabilities and differentiated competition with other outsourcing giants focused on developing clinical services, accelerating company market expansion and client accumulation.
Formerly, companies accounted for the third largest share of the global drug discovery market, with income levels ranked second in terms of home-grown basic data (2019q1) and had a good market base. The company’s main clients were basically global.
With the development of the country’s innovative pharmaceutical industry and the gradual transfer of foreign medical outsourcing services, companies will be expected to quickly take up market shares, enjoy the global medical research and development boom dividend, and perform with clear growth. From pre-clinical strength, firms will be expected to take advantage of their pre-clinical research and development capabilities, as well as a stable customer base.
By way of business breakdown, with the rise of biotech enterprises in recent years, we expect biosciences to be one of the major growth points in corporate performance.
Given the complexity of the new drug development process and the fact that the closeness of the data interface between the different stages of research will affect the efficiency and success of research and development, there is a general tendency among large pharmaceutical companies to simplify the outsourcing process and to outsource the entire project to better meet the growing number of clients.
Long R & D needs and increased competitiveness, firms extend service platforms back-end through extended M & As, gradually becoming a fully process-integrated R & D service provider. Given the company’s main purchase price, the company has expanded its outreach to global clinical trial service layouts in recent years.
The income structure (2011h1) is relatively less difficult to replicate and is expected to be able to build up skills and experience than pre-clinical operations, and the main competitiveness of clinical outsourcing services lies in the management and operation of talent.
A rapid increase in corporate performance. At the same time, with the growing coverage of the new drug research and development industry, there has been a significant increase in the interface and synergy between corporate operations, enabling companies to provide comprehensive and efficient R&D outsourcing services to clients and to assist them in upgrading new drugs.
Brain drain risk: market competition risk: China-United States trade friction risk: exchange rate risk is 47 times more dynamic than 35 times higher. We believe that companies now dominate the market in the field of drug discovery, thanks to their strong R & D strength and differentiated competition development strategies.
In the future, along with the development of the domestic innovative pharmaceutical industry and the gradual transfer of foreign medical outsourcing services, companies are expected to achieve a sustained increase in the volume of orders and customers through the business layout of their entire industry chain, as well as higher client walls. Moreover, the performance of companies will continue to grow rapidly.
Taking into account the situation of foreign industries, the concentration of our pharmaceutical outsourcing industry will continue to increase, and companies, as one of the leading domestic firms, are expected to benefit from industrial integration, sustained acquisition of high-quality targets, expansion of municipal ownership, and clear growth in performance.
As well as the certainty of long-term growth, we look forward to the development of the company and give it “the next six months, first, a leading pharmaceutical outsourcing firm based in China's service world, 1.1 has expanded from the front to the back, gradually becoming an integrated service platform”.
The company is a leading pharmaceutical research and development service provider in the country and is committed to outsourcing drug research and development services to pharmaceutical companies, biotech companies and research institutes around the world. The company started out in laboratory chemistry, mainly at the stage of drug discovery and development.
The growing demand for research and development, and in order to enhance the company's own competitiveness and customer stickyness, the company's service platform has been gradually extended back-end and now has a well-established integrated drug development platform, dealing with laboratory chemistry, biosciences, drug safety evaluation, chemistry and chemistry.
Multidisciplinary areas such as formulation process development and production and clinical research services, a back-to-back extension model that allows companies to cover most drug research and development cycles, thus enabling clients to offer comprehensive and efficient R & D outsourcing services,
Assisting clients in improving the efficiency of research and development of new medicines, deepening long-term strategic cooperation between companies and clients. Helping companies have gradually grown into a Chinese-based, service-global full-processed cro (R & D outsourcing)+cmo (production outsourcing).
The company has gained broad recognition in the industry, with its major pharmaceutical companies in North America, Europe, Japan and China, thanks to a highly experienced research and development team and a more comprehensive industrial layout.
Long-term strong partnership. Corporate clients cover the top 20 pharmaceutical companies globally, including Aslicom, Mercerton, Johnson, Bayer, etc.
In order to meet the increasing demand for and build an integrated research and development outsourcing platform for clients, companies have acquired and nurtured sub-divisions covering different stages of new drug research and development. To date, there are 19 holding subsidiaries of companies, including 9 countries.
The head of the company and chief executive officer (manager), bolianglou, Xiaoqiang of the board and chief operating officer (sub-manager) and the director and executive vice-president (sub-manager) of the company, 31.73% of the shares of the company before the issuance of the company, are public.
The Department's actual controllers, whose shares fell to 28.58 per cent after the company was listed, followed by the continued expansion of the company's coverage and the increasing heat of pharmaceutical research and development, as shown in figure 3.
The combined growth rate was 38.51 per cent, and in the first quarter of 2019, operating income increased by 31.12 per cent over the same period last year, at a faster rate.
In terms of the different business plates, the revenues from drug discovery operations (including laboratory chemistry and biological sciences) account for more than 60 per cent of total revenues, are the company ' s main profitable business, the rapid development of physical technology and the growth of company biosciences operations in 2016 and 2017.
Laboratory chemistry, as the Department’s seed business, is still a major component of revenue, but with the development of biosciences, its share is lower than it is every year.
In terms of income distribution, the company’s operations are mainly abroad, with Europe and the United States accounting for a larger share of income, which corresponds to the distribution of the world’s major pharmaceutical research and development markets.
85.6 per cent, 86.1 per cent, or lower, while the demand for outsourcing of pharmaceutical research and development has been rising steadily in recent years, with the continent ' s share of total revenue rising rapidly, reaching 50.7 per cent for the entire year 2018.
As domestic R & D investment increases further, it is expected that the company’s overall performance will grow.
At the same time, there is no situation in which a company sells more than 50 per cent of its total to a single customer or is heavily dependent on a small number of customers to guarantee a steady growth in its revenue collection.
Among them, the largest contribution of the drug industry to the company ' s Māori business, which accounts for the share of Māori in the main business, is lower than in the same industry, mainly because the Department of Public Administration is currently working on a platform for integrated drug research and development services.
The rapid expansion of operations has resulted in some operations still at the advanced stage of investment, with a low Māori rate.The Māori rate of company drug discovery operations (including laboratory chemistry and bioscience) has shown a significant upward trend in recent years, mainly due to: 1)
The costs of these two operations are mainly labour costs, which have been accompanied by increased competitive positions in the company ' s market and gradual accumulation of tests, a gradual increase in the bargaining power of the company with its clients and an increase in per capita output; 2) unit instruments and reagents as the company ' s operations have grown in size and the effects of scale have gradually become apparent
In contrast, the Māori rate of company drug development services has tended to decline year by year in recent years, mainly as a result of: 1) the second phase of the Kang Yong Tianjin project was launched in 2017.
The Division made advance stock of personnel, resulting in an increase in labour costs in 2016 compared to 2015, while the acquisition of machine equipment resulted in an increase in fixed costs, such as depreciation; 2) the company cmc and drug safety evaluation operations have grown rapidly in recent years as new medicines have been developed and developed
These two operations are still in the early stages of development, and companies are actively opening up their markets, resulting in larger inputs, more efficient use of capacity and lower levels of Māori.In terms of cost, the cost of company sales and management costs were presented in 2015-2018
The growth trend is mainly due to the increase in the number of salesmen and managers as a result of the increased coverage of overseas markets through expansion or acquisition in recent years in order to improve competitiveness, and the resulting increase in labour costs.
Corporate sales costs are also at a lower level than those of companies listed in the same industry. This is due to the company ' s expanding model of back-end development through front-ends, gradually improving the layout of service platforms, which can provide integrated R & D services to clients, as well as multiple pharmaceutical companies around the world.
Long-term partnerships have been established with stable customer accumulation, resulting in lower costs for company market development and customer maintenance, and lower sales rates for peers.
Research and development (R & D) investment continues to grow and the R & D team expands rapidly. In 2018, the cost of R & D in companies was about 32 million yuan, an increase of 39.8% over the same year in 2017, and the number of R & D personnel rose to 83%.
Research and development projects such as conglomerates, new synthetic chemical technologies (including new response technologies such as photochemistry, mobile chemistry, biocatalysing) and new pharmacological research and animal modelling, which have a relatively short collection cycle and have remained stable over the same period, basically the same as other companies in the same industry.
The annual increase has resulted in an overall decline in the stock turnover rate, as net inventory growth is higher than the growth rate of operating costs during the same period. However, the company ' s stock turnover rate is still significantly higher than that of the same industry, mainly because the company ' s business is dominated by R & D services, and the cost of raw materials for this type of business is lower.
(Integger medicine is mainly engaged in clinical outsourcing services, the business model differs significantly from other pre-clinical outsourcing companies in the same industry, and stock turnover is significantly higher than in other companies in the same industry, thus excluding comparable corporate averages for stock turnover calculations)
Given the skill-intensive and capital-intensive nature of the company's industry, the main bottlenecks in corporate capacity are the number of high-skilled people with R & D-related knowledge and experience in drug research and development, as well as the number of qualified R & D sites and high-precision instruments that match them.
The Department’s fund-raising efforts were mainly to invest in new experimental facilities and to increase the number of technicians to meet the growing demand for research and development.
The Ministry is working on the Hangzhou Bay Life Science and Technology Park - Biomedical Research and Development Service Base project, which is expected to be built over a five-year period, starting in 2018 and operating partially on production lines, and is expected to be fully operational in 2020, with a total investment of approximately $1.983 billion.
After the birth, assuming that the income tax rate has not changed significantly on the basis of the projections, second, the wave of new drug research and development is driving the rapid expansion of the market for medical outsourcing and the continued expansion of the demand for 2.1 drugs and the increasing difficulty of research and development.
In recent years, natural growth and ageing of the world’s population have accelerated, with a global drug market of US$ billion, or about 5% compound growth. Geographically, the US remains the world’s largest medical market, with the US market in 2016 accounting for about 38% of the global market.
As the world’s largest emerging market, the country has risen in recent years in response to demand, and its market size has also shown in the area of medicine segmentation, where chemicals will continue to occupy the largest market share in the long term, but their share will gradually decline as biopharmaceuticals develop.
Compared to medicine, biopharmaceuticals are more specific and target-oriented, so they have shown much greater efficacy and better tolerance in clinical settings. With the acceleration of biotech in recent years, biotech is now becoming a major force in new drug research and development.
Figure 16 Number of biotech companies ipo and financing (millions of United States dollars), however, with the rapid increase in the number of drugs on the market, regulatory policies are becoming more stringent, new drug research and development has become more difficult in recent decades, and the success rate of research and development is declining year by year.
Research showed that the investment required for a new drug, from R & D to listing, had increased from $1.19 billion in 2010 to $2.81 billion in 2018, while the success rate for the development of a single new drug had fallen to 15.5 per cent and the return on investment in a single new drug had been only 1.9 per cent by 2018.
Figure 17 Changes in the cost of research and development of new medicines (millions of United States dollars)
For about 20 years, as research and development becomes more difficult, the drug research and development cycle gradually increases, leading to a reduction in the patent sales period after the drug is marketed.
Figure 19 Average sales of drugs after they are marketed (millions of United States dollars)
Addressing R & D issues will result in significant time-savings and, according to statistics, outsourcing enterprises will, on average, help reduce R & D time by nearly 30%. Moreover, to further safeguard data bridging, pharmaceutical companies will tend to choose enterprises that can provide integrated R & D services and maintain long-term convergence.
Relationships to ensure the steady development of research and development projects in the long new drug research and development cycle. 2.2 Increased investment in research and development and biopharmaceutical development contribute to the growth of the market for out-sourcing medicines
Pharmaceutical companies will continue to maintain higher R & D inputs to provide a solid basis for the expansion of the market for medical outsourcing services. In addition, the rapid rise of biopharmaceuticals will facilitate the growth of the market for medical outsourcing, mainly because of the relatively small number of medicines currently on the market in emerging biotech companies and the product pipeline.
Most of them are in the R & D phase and are small-asset companies. These companies are more flexible than large pharmaceutical companies and tend to work with outsourced services, so the rapid growth of the biopharmaceutical industry will benefit the expansion of the medical outsourcing industry.
Sullivan projects that the global market for medical outsourcing will reach $11.6 billion by 2021, or about 11 per cent at a compound rate.
China’s R & D outsourcing industry started late in comparison with the world, and the overall market is still small. But with the gradual transition of domestic pharmaceutical firms to innovative R & D in recent years, and the global transfer of R & D outsourcing packages to domestic markets, our R & D outsourcing market has been growing at a higher rate than ever before.
PQ: Between 2012 and 2016, compound growth reached 21.8 per cent, well above global levels. Figure 21 Size of market in the pharmaceutical outsourcing industry in China (Billions of United States dollars) In the outsourcing industry, the company ' s main business is drug discovery and drug development.
2.2.1 Drugs are found to be growing faster than ever before. Drug discovery is the initial stage of research and development for new drugs, mainly for candidate chemicals.
Research and screening have a decisive impact on the eventual success of later drug development and research and development, and to ensure success rates, pharmaceutical companies have increasingly tended to look for highly experienced professional outsourcing firms to work together, thus maintaining a high rate of growth in recent years.
In 2016, the global drug discovery research and development investment was $36.1 billion, of which the drug discovery market was $9.4 billion, with a market penetration rate of 26.2 per cent, and the drug discovery service market was expected to increase to $13.9 billion by 2021.
The annual compound growth rate of about 8% is much higher than the increase in research and development inputs for drug discovery over the same period. Compared to the global drug discovery market, China’s pharmaceutical companies, which used to be dominated by counterfeiting, did not invest enough in research and development in drug discovery, and the corresponding outsourcing of service markets.
Smaller. As China’s pharmaceutical industry gradually transitions to innovative drug research and development, investment in future drug discovery phases will increase: China’s drug discovery investment is expected to increase the market scale for drug discovery in the country by 2021: market size is expected to increase by 2021
It will increase to $410 million, with a 30.2 per cent compound growth rate, while the co-permeability rate will give 2.2.2 drug development markets greater potential for development, in terms of drug development markets, accompanied by high global research and development costs and competition for generic medicines.
There is an increasing tendency on the part of pharmaceutical companies to outsource the drug development phase in order to accelerate the development of new drugs, with a view to the early deployment of markets. The global market for drug development services is estimated to be $64.9 billion in 2016, and is expected to grow to $102.8 billion by 2021.
The current market for drug development services in China is still small, but growing at a faster pace than the global market, with a combined growth rate of about 9.6 per cent. In 2016, the market for drug development services in China was set at $7.3 billion, and is expected to grow to $27.8 billion by 2021, with annual compound growth.
As large pharmaceutical companies in China, guided by policies and markets, have generated enthusiasm for new drug research and development, China is building a complete ecosystem for innovative drug research and development.
Such a healthy, active and efficient ecosystem is also supported by national policies. As an essential part of the innovation research and development system, the company for the development of pharmaceutical production services benefits from the advancement of the innovation medicine, which will be developed rapidly in China in the future.
2.3 Companies account for the second largest share of the country's market, and industry integrates leading firms.
The division is active in the market. In terms of competitive patterns, the global market is highly concentrated, with the top 10 co-sellers in the industry accounting for more than 63 per cent of sales in 2015, according to frost & sullvan, with leading firms with large collections highlighting their strong competitiveness.
Figure 25 Global market share of cro (2015) Figure 26 Global top 10 cro receipts in 2017 (US$ billion) Our pharmaceutical outsourcing industry started late, starting with my first cro company in 1996.
The country was founded, and the pharmaceutical outsourcing industry has only developed in China for 20 years now. Thus, the industry as a whole is now characterized by a large and small number of participants. The data show that the top eight pharmaceutical outsourcing firms in 2016 accounted for only 26.01% of the share of the domestic market, compared to the global market.
The field was more fragmented, with companies accounting for the second largest market share, about 3.35 per cent.
Based on experience from abroad, and as the industry evolves in the future, our market concentration in medical outsourcing will continue to increase further: 1) The pharmaceutical outsourcing industry is a talent-intensive industry, and the number of research personnel has a direct impact on the number of projects that enterprises can carry on, so it ranks ahead.
Enterprises tend to have larger sizes. And because large platforms with well-developed training systems and global customers will be more attractive to talent, large globalized firms will have a more competitive edge; and 2) because of the close interface between the different stages of research, research and development will be affected.
Efficiency and success rates, and therefore, large pharmaceutical companies will tend to simplify outsourcing processes and outsource overall projects. This will require outsourcing firms to expand up-to-and-down industry layout around customer demand, and thus enhance enterprise competitiveness through integration and acquisition.
The leading firms in the overall industrial chain will benefit from the integration of the industry, with great potential for development.
In terms of business layout, unlike most of the leading global companies focused on the development of clinical outsourcing services and the model of expansion from drug development to discovery, the operations of the Division began mainly from the pre-clinical research phase and gradually extended from the drug discovery phase.
The pharmaceutical development phase, which perfects the industrial chain layout. Thus, companies and pharmaceutical companies are currently among the few outsourcing firms around the world with large-scale laboratory chemical service capabilities, with strong R & D capabilities and differentiated competition with other leading outsourcing firms.
In terms of market share, this strategic contribution to avoiding the more competitive areas of the company’s rapid deployment of the global market. According to frost&sullivan data, in the field of drugs, the company has been the third largest in the world between 2014 and 2016 in the field of research and development services.
The second-largest market share of China has a more significant competitive advantage globally. However, as domestic pharmaceutical companies have in the past been concentrated mainly in the area of generic drug research and development, the investment in drug discovery, the transformation of new drug research and development, the domestic drug discovery market will continue to grow, and companies will rely on it.
A good market base (income size is second in the country) and a stronger research and development presence in the field of pre-clinical research are expected to benefit from the innovation drug development dividend and enhance corporate performance.29 Global drug discovery market share
Figure 30 Size of China ' s main cro enterprise revenues (millions of yuan) 3.2 Completion of clinical coverage through acquisitions, with significant synergies between operations, while consolidating drug discovery business positions to meet the growing research and development needs of clients
In recent years, companies have laid out the whole industry chain through endogenous growth and extended acquisitions, gradually growing into a leading enterprise with the capacity to provide integrated R & D production services, able to effectively connect client R & D processes, confidentiality, flexibility in communication, quick feedback, etc.
In recent years, companies have expanded their outreach to global clinical trials and service layouts. Pre-clinical operations require technology and experience to build up compared to pre-clinical operations.
Higher, the main competitiveness of clinical outsourcing services lies in the management and operation of talent, so business replication is relatively difficult and is expected to lead to rapid growth in corporate performance. Moreover, the country has lower R & D-related costs than abroad, including R & D staff costs and costs.
Clinical research costs, etc., so lower testing costs can further help pharmaceutical companies reduce R & D costs and raise the competitive position of our cro enterprises in the international market.
Himedi is a cro primarily involved in drug clinical trial services, capable of providing services including registration, medical services, clinical operations, data management and biometrics, and biosample analysis.
I-ii/iv and Be Clinical Trial Services, which currently have over 150 employees and more than 40 clients have been provided with pharmaceutical clinical research services, with the company's increasing coverage of the new drug research and development industry and its technological strength.
The synergies between the services (laboratory chemistry and biological sciences) and 60 per cent of the api (materials) of the evaluation experiments conducted for clinical batch applications (ind) are performed by the company.
The cmc sector is complete. So the synergism is a further illustration of how the company ' s full-process, physicalized R & D service model has effectively achieved seamless linkages in the development of new medicines, significantly increasing the efficiency of R & D and saving the cost of developing new drugs.
Power enhancement, the abundance of service content, the advantages of integrated services, synergies, and development will become more apparent, with the prospect of consolidating the market position of companies and enhancing performance.
As a result of the rapid expansion of corporate business coverage and increased customer stickyness, the Division has now become one of the leading providers in the global drug discovery service market: corporate operations have covered more than 600 medical research institutions in the top 20 multinational drug companies around the world.
Most have become long-term partners of companies, stabilizing quality client groups as a guarantee of growth in corporate income. In the process of business expansion, companies have been involved in the development of new medicines for major pharmaceutical companies and innovative biological companies, with projects covering laboratories and biological sciences.
In the fields of science and cmc, there is a wealth of successful experience.
The foundation for the development of pharmaceutical outsourcing enterprises, therefore, provides a solid foundation for the development of companies’ business by introducing and developing professional talent. At present, the company has nearly 100 professional and doctoral graduates abroad and within the country, and has trained more than 700 technologists and projects.
Accountability, which takes the lead in the company’s line of business and in the R & D sector. With the increased involvement of the public division in the project, the research experience and service capabilities of R & D staff are growing, and its professional teams ensure that companies can provide high-quality technical research to their clients on a continuous basis.
Services have a significant competitive advantage.iv. Financial position and profitability projections(1)) The sale of company-owned business products has continued to grow steadily;
2) The cost of company sales and management costs remain stable; 3) the level of company Maori is stable; 4) the company's fund-raising project is well under way to provide new capacity;
5) There are no sharp fluctuations in the RMB exchange rate, and on the basis of the above assumptions, we expect that the net return profits for 2019-2021 will be sustained.
The closeness of the data interface will affect R & D efficiency and success rates, thus increasing efficiency, the current general tendency of large pharmaceutical companies to simplify outsourcing processes, and project outsourcing as a whole. To better meet the growing demand for R & D by their clients and enhance competitiveness, companies adopt
Internal growth and consolidation of acquisitions, and the gradual improvement of the business layout covering the entire industrial chain, which effectively enhances synergies between business and enhances customer stickyness, thus building the moat of technology and customer barriers, becoming one of China ' s leading cro enterprises; (ii) due to me,
In order to compete differently from the global giants, the company chose to avoid the more competitive clinical phase, starting with the laboratory chemistry business, and with its stronger R & D power, the company's market share is now ranked among the global drug discovery markets.
Third, the country's second largest market base and the accumulation of customers, so that in the future, together with the development of the domestic innovative pharmaceutical industry and the gradual transfer of foreign medical outsourcing services, the public administration will quickly seize its share of the market and benefit from the global medical research and development boom dividend; and (3) the home country.
In the external sector, the concentration of our pharmaceutical outsourcing industry will continue to increase, and companies, as one of the leading domestic firms, are expected to benefit from industrial integration, sustained acquisition of quality tenders, increased market ownership and clear growth in performance.
The certainty of long-term growth, for the first time, covers the risk of the brain drain from technology. 5.1 The drug research and development co-services industry is a highly skilled industry.
Drug R & D services companies compete very hard with pharmaceutical companies, biotech research companies, and research institutes to acquire qualified and experienced scientific and technical personnel. If the public sector does not continue to compete in attracting, stimulating or retaining excellent scientific and technical staff in the future,
Global markets for drug R & D production services are competitive, and industry concentration is increasing. As competitors increase, and more advanced technologies are applied, drug R & D production services become more competitive.
Competition will continue to increase. If competitiveness, corporate business, and economic performance are not maintained in the future, they will be adversely affected.
Europe and the United States have consistently had a high share of business income as a major business, and there has been an upward trend in protectionism in 2015-2018, particularly in the context of trade consultations between the United States and China in recent years, which will impose tariffs on imports from both sides.
Services are not on the U.S. tariff list, but if China and the U.S. and U.S. are in the future experiencing a more serious friction in the pharmaceutical trade, the U.S. and U.S. countries may impose barriers such as tariffs on the company’s main services, which would have a negative impact on the company’s operations.
Since the company’s main customers are from abroad, business income is usually settled in foreign currency, which is more sensitive to the exchange rate.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.