In 19 net profits increased by 5.5 per cent over the same year in the Kansai Coal industry (601225.sh), with a high level of innovation in revenue, companies issued 19-year performance reports, yielding 73.4 billion yuan, yoy + 28.3 per cent, net return to the mother.
The profits are 11,600 million yuan, yoy+5.5 per cent, and the returns are equivalent to $1.19 per share, of which yoy+18.0 per cent in the fourth quarter is higher than expected. At a later stage, with the release of nuclear capacity, the company's coal production is expected to increase steadily, with Hoji and Jingse railways operating in the south of North Coal, and the company's coal sales are guaranteed, plus
Corporate resource advantages are evident, profitability is strong, valuation is low, and a “buy-in” rating is maintained. Coal sales are growing rapidly, and business income is higher than expected: companies grow year-on-year, largely benefiting from coal sales growing year-on-year, with 115 million tons of coal produced in 19 years, a year-on-year increase.
6.4 per cent, coal sales of 177 million tons, an increase of 23.8 per cent over the same period, and rapid growth in coal sales, which led to higher expectations in the business sector. Increased out-coal purchases and the introduction of the Mine Geological Governance Restoration and Land Reclamation Fund since 1 August 2018 resulted in significant cost increases, with combined Māori in 19
On the cost side, the year-on-year cost falls by 0.73 percentage points to 12.28 per cent, as a result of a decline in the management cost rate, which has a positive effect on the company ' s performance, which is supported by a steady increase in the sales of coal: the company ' s 19-year rise in coal production, mainly in the same year.
It's the 15 million tonnes/year of authorized capacity, the 9 million tonnes/year of equity capacity, and the 5 million tonnes/year end of year of the Yuan Beach mine, which will continue to contribute to the increase in production over 20 years, while the 13 million tonnes/year of approved capacity and 7.8 million/year of equity capacity of the 2nd mine.
Tons/years are expected to go into production in the fourth quarter of this year, which will contribute to increased production in the coming two years, after which the group is expected to inject assets into the production capacity of the mines, such as the Great Buddha Temple, and in order to address competition among practitioners.
In terms of sales, 5.59 million tons were sold in the fourth quarter of 19 years, an increase of 31 per cent over the same period. In addition to the increase in production, the Hoji Railway and the Jingse Railway operated at the end of September, bringing the North Coal to the south and promoting the increase in sales. As the transport bottlenecks of the North Coal South broke out, the Company Coal broke down.
The impact of the epidemic is limited, and the high dividends are expected to continue: affected by the epidemic, and the subsequent widespread delay in the resumption of coal production.
At the beginning of the year, the National Energy Agency (NEA) had deployed quarantine coal for supply, the state-owned coal mine was largely unaffected by the supply requirements, the production and distribution of the mine, which affected mainly the private mine, and the area where the company had the coal mine was less affected, where the coal was mainly sold, and the effects of the epidemic were weakened again, and the company's mines were now fully restored.
The impact of the disease is limited in general terms. Thanks to the company’s continued steady profitability, the public funds at the end of the period were $19.2 billion in hand currency, 46.1% more than in the same year, and the undistributed profits were $37.1 billion, whichever was higher than the expected remuneration (expected return; er), as follows:
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.