In 19 the net return to the mother grew by 5.5 per cent on the same basis, and the good performance continued.
In spite of the fall in coal prices, a ton of net coal profits has remained high for three consecutive years and is in the forefront of the industry. As a result of the low yield base, the impact of the epidemic on performance in the first quarter of this year was lower than that of peers. Companies have grown well.
Sex, excellent profitability, low valuation, and high quality of the plate. The current market surplus is only 7.0 times higher, and the performance report for 2019 was better. It was in line with expectations: 73.4 billion yuan, a significant increase of 28 per cent in the year 2019, and $11.6 billion in the mother ' s net profit, an increase of 5.49 per cent, slightly higher than our forecast.
In the fourth quarter of the year, the mother's net profit was 2,513 million yuan, with a decline in production and sales growing faster. In 2019, the original coal production was 115 million tons, coal sales were 177 million tons, an increase of 6.4 per cent and 24 per cent, respectively.
Coal production of 31.8 million tons and sales of 53.59 million tons, the decline in the rate was mainly due to a fall in coal prices, and to the limited output from the major mine crash in the Kiyogi region at the beginning of the year, the company increased sales of coal out of the market, resulting in a change in the distribution structure.
In spite of the general fall in coal prices in 2019, the public sector’s net profits on coal remained high, at $101, down by $2 and $1, respectively, from the company in 2017/2018. The industry is in the highest position in absolute terms, showing excellent profitability.
In the first quarter of the year, mine troubles affected the production of about 5 million tons, resulting in a 5% to 23.96 million tons of coal production in the first quarter of the year. The company resumed work earlier this spring, restoring capacity faster and releasing new capacity.
With Xiao Bodang, Yuan Dabang mine, 13 million tonnes of Xiaobo II under construction, and Sun Jiafu, billions of tonnes, an increase of 22% (or 24 million tonnes) over 18 years, equity production is expected to grow by 79.3 million tonnes, and the fundamental advantages are clear: the company owns good coal with low sulfur in high-carats and is highly profitable (many points).
Producing is in the forefront of the industry, growing well, and releasing potential for production combined with the expected improvement of railways to increase performance and actively deploy new energy sources. We maintain a business-for-profit scenario for the time being, and we will adjust it together after the official release of the annual report.
Companies have good growth, excellent profitability, low valuation, and are high-quality targets for the plate. Subside pressures on the economy have increased, coal prices have fallen, cost costs, etc., are exceeding expectations and good performance cannot be sustained.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations