Winch shares (300498) q1 with a year-on-year deficit, making steady progress towards business goals
In the case of yellow pheasant chickens, the company sold 1,081 million pheasant chickens in 22 years (28.98 per cent of the country), a slight decrease of 1.83 per cent over the same period; the average price of chicken sales was $15.47 per kilogram (an increase of 17.20 per cent in the same year). In the first quarter of 23 years, the overall performance was affected by weak demand for the low season of livestock, low behaviour and a combination of animal disease.
In terms of solvency, by the end of the quarter, the corporate asset and liability ratio was robust and cost-effective.
Target. In terms of fat pigs, the company plans to reach a target of 26 million in 23 years. In one quarter, the company has actually released 55954 million pigs (a 39.1 per cent increase over the same period, with 21.5 per cent progress against the target), mainly during spring festivals. The company has been able to project 2.3 million in recent months, taking into account the indexing of fertility.
We believe that the company is on track to meet the annual target. 2) On the cost, Peng Hae-land is affected by STDs and so on in the first quarter, the combined cost of pork farming is slightly higher than last year (about 8-9).
In the future, with the increase in disease control, the efficiency and utilization of corporate farming will continue to improve, with the combined cost target of less than $8.00 per kilogram for the year. In the case of pigs, the pig industry has lost three months in a row for 23 years, adding up last year’s sector.
Groups and large-scale enterprises as a whole are not profitable, and there is a clear business pressure on some of the producers in the industry.
On the yellow chicken side, the overall industry is less active and the profits from farming are not ideal, causing the industry to continue to lose its capacity. As the capacity shift leads to supply contractions, so do the yellow chicken industry.
The company’s investment rating is as follows:
This report has been prepared by China Air Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended to be sent, issued, issued, or sent for any purpose.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the SAC, unless otherwise indicated. No material or contents of this report may be altered or reproduced in any way without prior written authorization from the SAC.