800g high-profit product booster quality, performance, middle and middle (300308), Jo Liang Bei.
Events: Companies publish annual reports 2023 and quarterly reports 2024, and in 2023 they achieved a sustained increase in profit margins for high-profit products such as 800g: performance, resonance with 400 g and factors, resulting in a significant increase in the quality of corporate profits.
Quarterly operating income, net return profits, and sales profit rates show a continuous upward trend, which continues to 1024. The light module, as a key device in the field of artificial intelligence, has been or will be accelerating as the person in the case develops, and 2023 has been a fast-growing year of artificial intelligence.
The demand of the block has continued to rise, the industry profile of the company ' s performance has been validated, and it is expected that, as the process of import of 800g products continues to accelerate, the firm, as the industry ' s leading firm, will be expected to maintain a relatively high profit margin during the fast-growing protagonists, continuing the positive growth trend of 2023.
With the rapid growth of the artificial intelligence market space, companies are expected to take a pre-eminence as industry leaders: the global market space for the industry, with the artificial intelligence applications represented by chhatgpt, will be rapidly upgraded, the light module will be the core instrument of the computing base, and the global market space will be rapidly upgraded.
On the other hand, the global market size of the light module is projected to grow by 2022-2027, or 11% of the cagr, and is expected to reach $20 billion in 2027. The country continues to promote artificial intelligence development, 2023, with policy-level additions to the arithmetic industry chain, also contributing to numbers.
The light module has flourished, and the core products at the cutting edge of the technology reserve, driven by such factors as the continued upgrading of the computing power and the significant increase in demand, are expected to grow rapidly. According to Lightcounting, China’s light module market is expected to reach $6.5 billion in 2029.
The company’s market share is relatively stable and pre-emptive, based on 400g, 800g products and high-quality customers, and is expected to gain a better share in the future 1.6 t light module market competition. Investment proposal: We believe that as the Internet giants move further towards the i and the big model layout, it will be able to do so.
The gpu server will lead the base of intelligence calculations or will be one of the main directions for the year 2024 and the future.
(300308); 800g is higher than the level of high-volume booster, good light modeling, light module release for an important year, while the development and testing of a faster 1.6 t light module may go further, and companies, as industry leaders, are expected to continue to suffer on the basis of high industry growth.
The leading position and core technological competitiveness, the risk of maintaining a “recommended” rating of the company, the risk of increased competition in the industry, etc. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Galaxy securities are not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, the investor should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager and complete the investor’s business in order to ensure quality of service, control investment risk.
Sexual matching and full knowledge of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to clients, nor an invitation to buy, sell, purchase securities or other financial instruments to safeguard their accuracy or integrity.