The demand for high-speed light modules continues to release a quarterly net profit-continuing ring growth trend. The company publishes the 2023 report and the 1st quarter 2024 report.
This represents an increase of 163.6% and a rise of 31.3% in the ring; a net return of $1.01 billion, a rise in the structure and price of the product, which affects the Māori rate for a quarter of the year. As high-speed product delivery increases, Māori accounts for a continuous increase in the ring ratio; in the first quarter of 2024, Māori is subject to a product structure.
High-speed light module demand accelerates. Increasing web bandwidth is a core upgrade for the training cluster.
According to the company announcement, the company currently has 1.6t products in the sample testing process for priority customers overseas, and it is expected that the next generation of blackwell products will be released during the period 2024.
In the second half of the year, certification will be completed and the client will be placed at a single point, and it is expected to be on a larger scale next year. New technologies, such as Silicon Light in the Pre-View Layout, place the industry firmly at the forefront. The company has the ability to design silicon chip, and is ahead of the technology stock and product schedule in Silicon Light.
In addition to this, companies are actively developing layouts in the fields of lpo, cpo, and 3d wrapping technology, such as the on-site presentation of the Mid-Standen (300308.sz) - high-speed light module demand ups, with four-quarter profit spreads, during the period of ofc2024.
1.6 t-lp0-dr8osfp modules, etc. Ipo products. The company continues to be well-placed in the field of front-line technology and is well positioned to benefit from high-speed light module product rotations and new technology applications.
Middle Quest (300308.sz)-800g light module release leads to profitability enhancement. Middle Quest (300308.sz) - profitability increases. 800g demand is expected to add up. Investment proposal: increase profit forecast, maintain buy-in rating.
In the case of i market demand, in addition to the continued demand for 800 g light modules, it is expected that products such as 1.6 t light modules will be available by 2025, taking into account the accelerated trend of high-speed light module rotations.
Arithmetic infrastructure needs continue to be released, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. Figure 1: Medium-to-end business income and growth (in millions of dollars, per cent) Figure 2: Middle-to-season business income and increase (in millions, per cent)
Figure 3: Net profit and increase for mothers from middle-rises (in millions, per cent) Figure 4: Net profit and increase for middle-rises (in millions, per cent) Figure 5: Māori rate for middle-rises, changes in net interest rates
Figure 6: Changes in the three cost rates for the middle Quarter, Figure 7: Cash flow for middle Quarter Quantities (millions) Figure 8: Medium Quantities and Quarterly Changes (millions)
Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions: 1. Low-rate light module: in the digital market, companies continue to optimize their delivery structures, and it is expected that in the future the share of revenues from the medium-to-low-end light module will be further reduced; in the telecommunications market, the concentration of customers of high-speed pon products in the country will increase.
Given that the market itself is also upgrading light module rates, demand for low- and medium-end light modules continues to decrease, maintaining previous income and Maori ratio assumptions. The trend is expected to be sustained with a faster release of 800g light modules to represent hardware infrastructure needs.
2024; since the quarter, 400g light modules have benefited from the gradual release of the ai demand in conjunction with the Ethernet switch. Looking ahead, light module technology has accelerated, with 1.6t products now entering sample testing for priority customers overseas, expected to be certified in the second half of the year and go to the client's next segment, with a view to seeing their size next year.
Māori: The impact of the annual decline in light module products on Māori rates is certain due to the acceleration of product rotations, a further increase in the share of high-speed products, and the company ' s continued improvement in good rates, productivity gains and bom cost optimization. Component operating income is relatively low in corporate revenue, maintaining previous revenue and Māori ratio assumptions.
On the one hand, i’s market demand is more than double the demand for 800 g light modules, in addition to the continued demand for the Ethernet switch. Consider that companies benefit from the continuous release of demand for arithmetic infrastructure, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject