The company's performance for the first quarter of the year was the basis for the year's growth.
Midsummit announced its performance for fiscal year 2023 and the first quarter of 2024, which generally exceeded our and the market forecast of 77.6 to 2.2 billion yuan. Income increased by 163.6 to 4.8 billion yuan in a single quarter, and net profits increased by 30.3.8 to 1 billion yuan in a single year.
China's semiconductor strong demand for Quicklight Modules (especially 400g and 800g) accounted for 90% of the total revenue for the 2023 fiscal year in Yang Tianwei, ph.d
The excess and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating. The strong delivery of the 400-g light module by Zhang Yuan Sung contributed to a quarterly revenue growth; the projected 800-g light module output
This year, growth will take place on a seasonal basis. To benefit from strong demand from overseas, corporate incomes have increased by 164% in the first quarter of the year and 31% in the ring. We expect the company ' s 800g light module to deliver as its capacity expands on schedule (supply end) and high-tech firms continue to invest in their infrastructure (demand end).
At the same time, management notes that the company ' s 1.6t product is currently being certified by key customers overseas, and is expected to be certified in the second half of this year, and to enter into a single segment with the client. The company is expected to see a larger volume in the second half of the year.
▪ The growth of the mid-point Quarter shows: 1) companies are less affected by supply chain bottlenecks than expected and high-speed light modules are delivered properly; 2) the demand for the `ai ' will continue to be strong. We will raise the company ' s revenue in 2024e/25e. 1) changes in the company ' s high-speed light module product mix over the quarter (400g is higher) and
In general, with the acceleration of the 800g light module, we expect that the company ' s Māori ratio will improve on a quarterly basis. We are optimistic that the company ' s overall Māori ratio will be 33.8% in 2024.
Promising for the future development of the company due to: 1) the continued strong demand for 400g/800g light-mode blocks from large cloud producers; 2) improved supply bottlenecks for key spare parts, and companies are expanding 800g light-module capacity; 3) better than expected pricing adjustments this time; 4) exchange-rate impact (85 per cent of the company ' s revenue)
From abroad. In conclusion, we believe that Mid-City is one of the central beneficiaries of a wave of investment, considering its leadership and pre-eminence in the light module market, and we believe that the company’s growth rate will remain strong.
Figure 2: Middle-to-Middle-to-Move-to-Medium-to-Move-to-Medium-to-Modern-to-Medium-to-Modern-to-Medium-to-Modern-to-Medium-to-Modern-to-Medium-to-Modern Figure 3: Silver International Forecasts vs. Bloomberg Unanimously Forecasts
Figure 4: Adjustments to International Forecasts for Silver