Soft, hard and fast deployment overseas, national production light module tap, 1.6 t light module high-speed rotational upgrade.
Hepc@cfsc.com.cn The overseas giant plus-codeai construction pushes up 800 g light module requirements, and the public is expected to benefit fully as industry leader.
In December 2023, Google launched the biggest model, Gemini, to further raise the need for the flow bandwidth, leading the cloud computing data centre to demand a significant increase in the 800g high-speed light module. In March 2024, the British Weddagtc Congress released a cabinet level solution.
Programme gb200nvl72, ib network architecture photo-interconnectivity in the inter-cyber communications component, server and switch port speeds in the gb200 architecture increased significantly, and high bandwidth gpu used a large number of modules in the computing cluster that were conducive to upgrading 800g light
Accompanied demand, the 800g upward trend has been further defined. The company’s share of the market continues to be based on industry’s leading technology research and development capabilities, low-cost product manufacturing capabilities, and full delivery capabilities, working in depth with domestic and external clients such as Weida, Google, etc.
Growth. As the first global roll-out of 800g interplugable light module and 1.6t light model 1, Middle Smud (300308), 2023 whole blocks, and a small number of domestic implementable manufacturers producing 800g light modules, the company is in
High-end light module demand.
In 2024, the company will enhance the delivery capacity of the 800g light module, speed up 1.6t light module development and market import, and further enhance the profitability of the company. As a leader in the field of the light module, the company is expected to be on the wave.
Companies are increasing their productivity through autonomous technological innovation, increasing their market competitiveness. Companies have parallel optical designs with sophisticated manufacturing techniques and multi-mode parallel optical techniques.
Design and coupling technology, high-speed electronic device design, simulation, testing technology, and autonomously develop a fully automated and efficient assembly test platform. In addition, companies are taking the lead in the use of chiponboard (cob) optical electronic device design and software.
Encapsulation technology. In 2023, the company demonstrated 1.6t osfp-xddr8+ plug-in module at the ofc2023 site, a second-generation 800g module based on 5 nmdsp and advanced silicon photon technology, and 400gzr and 400dzr+
qsfp-dd. The company continues to optimize its product structure, with a rapid upturn in 400g/800g of high-speed products in 2023, leading to a rapid increase in the share of high-speed products, which became the main product collected in 2024.
On a continuous expansion, 1.6t high-end products have entered a sample testing ring for priority customers overseas, and it is expected that 2024h2 will be certified and placed in a single line with the client, continuing growth, and the company ' s 800g/1.6t high-speed product will be scaled up to support the company ' s industry.
Cost control capacity is prominent, Māori level is gradually improving The cost level of the company's three-fee management is stable, 24q1 sales cost rates and new prices are falling annually; 2) product structure is 24q1,400g product
The volume is faster than 800g, and the Māori is lower than 800g, thus delaying the overall Māori ratio. With the progressive release of high Māori 800g products, good rates and productivity improvements, Bom costs are constantly being optimized, and companies have Māori ratios.
Demand surges, and the market space for light modules is vast. Google, British Weida, and other big overseas players are building up in size, leading to higher demand for high-speed modules. Given the company’s technological strength and scalability advantages in the field of light modules, 800g, 1.6t are high.
Rapid product roll-out is expected to lead to further growth in corporate performance, sustaining “upscaling downstream demand, upscaling of new production capacity at a slower pace than expected, technology overlaps and electronics group presentations”
Mao Jianxin: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of work experience in American semiconductor companies, participation in the advanced process of leading semiconductor manufacturers worldwide, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, and employment in Ko Yonghau, 2018-2020: Doctor of Physics, University of Gangdan, successively in China Tech Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate
Ludjoyang: Master of Arts at the National University of Australia, formerly employed in Fangzheng Seok, four years of experience in research. 2023 Zhang Shuu: Bachelor of Science in International Political Economics, University of Haya padada, and Master of Economics, University of Hong Kong, 2023, who joined China to reflect his research views.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.