q1 shows a high rate of performance, ai-drive module release, mid-year coverage, 23-year coverage, 24-year-year coverage, 23-year coverage, and 24-year coverage.
On April 23, 2024, this was an increase of 77.58%. According to the quarterly report, the company achieved operating income of $4.843 billion, which is the same as Liu Kyung-suk.
The high-speed light module opened up the release volume and performed well. In 23 years, the company ' s high-speed light module earned 9,799 million yuan, an increase of 9.56 per cent in the same year, while the medium-low-light communication module increased by a higher-than-year growth rate, with a rise of 8.31 per cent and 30.04 per cent in the same size.
In 24 years, q1, with high performance growth, 800 g and 400 g light modules were sold, and the product was delivered in volume, based on 5 nmdsp and advanced silicon photo technology.
The second-generation 800g light module was displayed at the conference onofc2023, and we believe that silicon +1.6t constructs core competitiveness in enterprise development. Cost control capacity is high, and the level of Māori ratio is gradually improving.
Capacity continued to stabilize, with 23 years of management and R & D rates falling to 4.05 per cent and 6.90 per cent respectively. 24 Although the sales/management/R & D rates increased in the first quarter of the year, the same-year rate of growth was much lower than the two-end increase in revenue earnings and cost control remained stable.
The value of product output increases, product structure optimizes and mitigation efficiency gains are evident, with 23 years of total deep benefit industry beta and market space expanding rapidly. At the level of arithmetic demand, 24 years old, the digital video model Sora is heavily rolled out, with a high computing capacity of 1.0%times10flops {25}
~2.7x1025flops, corresponding to 4,211~10,528 h100 single-month calculations, arithmetic facility construction space opened further; arithmetic supply level, British Welda gtc 2024 conference pushes out blackwell, gb200 new computing chips, and an Nvl72 high-calculator cabinet, we
The data centre clustering effect is beginning to highlight the fact that data connectivity leads to the market length of the light module, Accurate Consumption, 800g Light has grown in a new boom. The company is the leader of the light module industry, maintaining its output and market share in the industry on a continuous basis.
A two-way lead, a direct beneficiary of market expansion.
The company is the world’s leading light-module manufacturer, and is expected to grow at a high rate with 800 g/1.6 t light. I have a big model that is not commercialized as expected: North American cloud producers are not investing as expected: network architecture shifts.
The author has the qualifications or considerable professional competence to offer securities investment advice by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce the report independently and objectively and with due diligence and professionalism, and to ensure that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, that the author ' s research views are clearly and accurately reflected, and that any conclusions are not in any third position.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.