On April 21, 2024, IYM released its 2023 annual report and its 2024 quarterly report:
The demand for light modules has grown rapidly, and corporate performance has grown significantly. In 2023, demand for light modules has grown rapidly, driven by factors such as the continued \triangleright upgrade and a significant increase in demand.
Mid-to-secondary growth in market share is driven by industry-led technological R & D capabilities, low-cost product manufacturing capabilities, and full delivery capacity. Corporate sales of high-speed light module products, such as 400g, have increased in real terms throughout 2023, and corporate performance has increased, leading to a business start-up.
At $4,843 million, an increase of 16,359 per cent, the net share of high-end products attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased and the company's profitability increased further. At profit levels, it benefited from a gradual increase in the share of high-end products such as 800g/400g.
In 2023, Māori was 34.14% for company light module products, the demand for 1.6 t light modules was expected to be released, and the firm’s positive layout reinforced its competitive advantage.
\triangleright \triangleright \t's market import to achieve mass delivery by 2025. Meanwhile, pre-research the next generation of light module technology to ensure that companies are able to protect the fast-changing trends of light modules
Technology leadership and continuous competitiveness in the industry. At the same time, the company’s high-end light module industry accounts for more than 90% of the main business, while the overseas sales of light module products are relatively high, in order to meet the continued growth and stability of the supply chain, both within and outside the country,
In North America, South-East Asia, research and development centres, production bases, marketing agencies, etc., have been established to construct a global operating pattern.
The continued growth of market share, which is expected to benefit from the rapid growth in demand for light modules, is based on such advantages as technological R & D capabilities, manufacturing capacity for low-cost products, and full delivery capacity. We have increased competition in our industries; exchange rate volatility risks; adverse changes in the macro-environment; and quoted figures.
For this report, the risk rating for this report is r4. only for customers (c4 and c4) who meet the requirements for the proper management of their investors (hereinafter referred to as “the company”)
The company does not consider itself an ex officio customer because any institution or individual receives the report.