Performance met expectations, i.a. continued high-end light module requirements \triangleright \triangleright
For the first quarter, the income was 4,843 million yuan, an increase of 16,359 per cent for the same year, and 31.32 per cent for the ring, resulting in a net profit of 1,009 million yuan for the mother, an increase of 303.84 per cent for the same year and 15.00 per cent for the ring.
\triangleright long, with performance growth mainly due to a gradual increase in the share of high-end module products such as 400g and 800g, the continued optimization of product structures and the continued downswing of efficiency gains, with a further increase in the Māori and net profitability of corporate products
The same-year increase of 3.68 pct and 3.21 pct, respectively. 1) High-speed light, based on the year 2023 ' s break-ups, module: 9.799 billion yuan, a 9.56% increase, a 91.42% increase, and a Māori rate
35.06 per cent, or 4.31 pct; 2) medium- and low-speed module: 383 million yuan, less than the same time, Maga Wei, 202 million yuan, less 11.82 per cent compared to the same year, 1.88 per cent; 4) auto-optics: real
The Yang Dong Encyclical has a significant early advantage in the overall layout of the front line, and continues to consolidate corporate leadership: the company continues to expand core products or techniques such as the high-speed light module 800g, 1.6t and above, the telecommunications-grade light module, silicon light and related items.
In terms of technology inputs and research. 1.6 t, the company has a comprehensive product matrix, with the exception of the traditional eml and silicon light 1.
The demand for fast-growing web bandwidth will speed up the market for the 1.6t light module, aiming to achieve mass delivery by 2025. At the same time, the next generation of light module technology will be developed to ensure that the company will be able to move quickly over time in the light module.
In the case of related products, a full series of 400g related products have been delivered in bulk. At the 2024ofc exhibition, the company further joined with Marvell to launch an intermediatic stump (3,3008.sz):
800gzr/zr+resociated light module. Purchase extension auto field layout, further opening up growth space - investment advice: company is the global luminous module leader, deeply tied to the overall market of overseas head producers
At the same time, the company has a significant advantage in cutting-edge technology and is expected to continue to benefit in the future from the 23-year Quarterly rating: performance over expectations, product structure excellence: performance against expectations, 800g & associated modules, etc.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.