Gore shares (002241) vr opened up a new incremental space and the transition was beginning to bear fruit 41.24 per cent longer; net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was realized at $165,149.66 million, which is the same increase.
Gale Group Ltd. 1 shows good performance, with a growing collection composition. The company’s 16-year performance is significant, mainly as a result of the gradual expansion of Apple’s audio module and corporate vr operations in recent years.
The Division has expanded to new areas of human interactive intelligence hardware, and the transition is beginning to bear fruit, with 16 years of corporate electricity and acoustics reheating due to the impact of the Apple Upgrade acoustic component.
The 16-year growth in corporate acoustics is clear, and the trend is expected to continue for 17 years, 16-year maintenance of corporate audio devices at around 24.06 per cent, and significant innovation in acoustic components will support the Māori rate to a certain extent, offsetting the adverse effects of strong competition in some markets on the Māori ratio of company electrophones.
In recent years, the company has been transferred, 2017-2-7.
The strategy is gradually moving away from the original oem business and towards the odm, jdm service, the research-gol stock participation of the National Dollar Securities Corporation (002241), the innovative layout of the four main products, namely, "Hearable " , "Wearable " , "Wearable " , " Robotics "
kopin, plus-ar layout, looking at the future of the company. The former company was well transformed and became the sole supplier of psvr and oculus in the top three Vr leaders around the world, with a maximum self-contained rate of 30 to 40 per cent of the spare parts and scarce attributes.
U.S.S.S.S.C. Research-Golsonics (002241)-Traditional electronics has been growing at a high rate, with more than 750,000 shipments from Ocuulusrift, and the vr hardware industry is expected to continue in the future.
We look forward to the transformation strategy of the company, which is expected to continue its 16-year high performance growth trend for 17 years. For the first time, coverage is not rated.
Ang Psvr and Oculusrift are selling less than expected, competition in the acoustics industry is increasing, and cooperation with Kopin is taking place.