Gore shares (002241), participation in kopin, plus vr/ar layout, and looking forward to the future of the company.
In the future, the company will work strategically with Kopin in the areas of mini-shows, voice chips, optical, oed displays, battery technology, virtual reality, zero components, oem/odm.
Kopin, a global leading technology developer in vr/ar, is a company listed by NASDAQ, which provides integrated head-to-head computing and displays to clients in the military, industry and consumption sectors.
Innovative technology and solution developers with deep technological accumulations in such areas as miniature displays, optical, low-power integrated circuit systems, military readiness requirements for vr and ar, and kopin becoming a technology provider for the army, fully demonstrating its technology
Strong alliances, stronger leadership, and kopin's deep-seated technological deposits in miniature displays, optical, voice-enhanced technologies can form an advantage with the company's overall design and manufacturing capabilities in such technical areas as virtual reality, enhanced reality, and wearingable products.
Complementarity helps to further increase the market competitiveness and share of corporate products. The company is a global sole-source supplier of ps vr and oculusrift, and the card effect is clear. With future technology access to kopin, the company is expected to further consolidate its leading position.
The company's main product is currently concentrated in the future.
In the field of vr, with shares in kopin, the company is expected to use its leading technology in the field of ar.
Computation platform, if the company can take a place in the future of the industry chain, the future.
The company will continue to benefit from its pre-existing advantages if it enters a high-growth trajectory. We predict the risk of Psvr and oculusrift head sales below expectations, increased competition with the acoustics industry, and increased competition with the kopin.
The International Finance Center (IFC) has a national dollar bond that is not working as well as expected, and the new business is not doing as well as expected.