March 26, 2019, Chinese taupe (601601.sh/2601.hk)
Leung Kai Annual Report Review: Focused on the main business, the value of new business has grown and China's Queen'sguard achieved $354.4 billion in 2018, yoy an increase of 10.8 per cent, net gain of $10.8 billion and yoy an increase
22.9%. In terms of premium data, life insurance increases by 20% on a continuous basis, and the new business value rate increases further in the context of the extra-coded barrier insurance. Production insurance also increases by nearly 20%, mainly due to faster non-car insurance growth. In terms of investment performance, companies increase the allocation of solid-income assets at higher interest rates.
The rate of return on interest market fluctuations has declined. By focusing on the insurance owner, and through the transformation and structural optimization, the company is now better growing and is currently undervalued, maintaining the “buy-in” investment has reached $33.6 billion, with a 17.5 per cent increase in yoy: China's Chinese Xerox achieved revenue in 2018.
Against this background, the value of new business rose by 55.2% in the second half of the year.
The average salesman yoy fell by 31 per cent to 850,000, but the insurance salesman's average monthly commission increased the product mix or was known as history, and more will be the quality of the salesmen in the future.
Non-car insurance increased faster and cost-end optimized: insurance premiums increased by 11.7 billion, yoy by 12.6 per cent, non-car insurance by 30.8 per cent to 29.8 billion, as compared to 3.5 per cent to 25.3 per cent of total insurance, and car insurance by 7.5 per cent in the context of weak car sales.
We see an optimisation of the cost end, with a combined cost rate of 0.4 pct to 98.4% down from yy, the main source of which is optimized at the payout end. Investment returns have fallen, with more solid asset allocation at higher interest rates: at the end of the investment, we can see a drop in the cost of the investment.
In the case of asset allocation, the equity category of the public is kept low, increasing the allocation of solidized assets, including debt, at relatively high interest rates.
Prospective earnings and investment proposals: In the context of the insurance policy, we believe that in the regulatory context, the insurance policy will focus on long-term and guaranteed products, and that its competitive advantages will be more pronounced.
It is expected that a faster growth will continue to be achieved, driven by non-car insurance, and that the cost rate is expected to decrease in the context of a merger.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.