Optimized business structure, new business values are increasing and combined strength is steadily increasing
The new business value has been rising and its value has grown steadily, and the company is the leading integrated insurance group, earning $3.8 trillion in premiums over the year, i.e., $2.6 trillion in personal insurance, i.e. 0.8 per cent, $1.2 trillion in property insurance, i.e. + 11.5 per cent in industry.
Third. The group achieved an intrinsic value of $33.6 billion, an increase of 17.5% from the end of the previous year, and maintained a steady increase in value. The value of the company’s new business was increased by 4.3 percentage points to 43.7% over the year, with a new business value of $27.12 billion, or 1.5% over the year.
On the operational structure, the remaining margin of the long-term security insurance is $28.54 billion, an increase of 25 per cent compared to the end of the year, contributing to a sustained increase in value.
See, long-term health insurance income of $33 billion, or +60%, is significantly higher than that of other traditional types of insurance. Focusing on transition 2.0 promotes personal business growth, asset-side performance is robustly spread, and companies are upgrading their “transition 2.0” development strategies, focusing on individual business growth, and per capita productive capacity is expected to increase steadily.
Life insurance agent channels account for 90% of the business, an increase of 18.5%.
2. China Teenguard (6016001): Continued premium growth is robust and guaranteed operations are high for value enhancement
The company's financial statement projections are summarized in Chen Xiang, a post-doctorate in business law from the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and a post-doctor in finance. Two years of experience in securities industry policy studies.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.