The company's performance met expectations. In 2019, the company earned $60.310 billion, an increase of 23.74 per cent in the same year; the mother's net profit of $5.438 billion, an increase of 10.70 per cent in the same year; and 1.64 dollars in the same year.
49.67 per cent; net profit from maternity is 1,495 million yuan, an increase of 18.97 per cent from the previous year. The company proposes to increase its income steadily throughout the year and the rate of increase in the q4 season accelerates. Income is stable throughout the year.
19.04 per cent, mainly as a result of the effects of the African pigpest, which led to a decline in the number of live pigs; a decline in the demand for pig slaughter; but the high prices of pork, which led to a billion yuan increase in the slaughter industry, an increase of 8.80 per cent over the same period, and a marginal increase of 0.05 per cent over the same period in the volume of 16.016 million tons.
As a result of the upturn in the cost of purchasing raw materials, the company's overall Māori ratio decreased, operating more efficiently and cost controls were good. The cost rate was 6.96 per cent for the year 2019, a decrease of 0.99 pct over the year, of which the cost of sales was 4.48 per cent, a decrease over the same period.
Management cost rates have declined, cost controls have been good and operational efficiency has improved, with inventories amounting to $8,801 million, representing a significant increase of 108.16 per cent over the previous year, with 20,91 million tons of frozen goods in stock, an increase of 70.42 per cent over the end of the previous year, mainly public.
With a modest increase in frozen stocks in the slaughter industry, the Division is expected to increase the concentration of the 2020 industry and improve its distribution channels and products. With the effects of the African swine plague, nearly 4,000 slaughterhouses were withdrawn from the country in 2019, which will accelerate the slaughter.
30 modern meat processing bases and ancillary industries have been established in the provinces (municipalities) to form well-developed industrial chains such as feed, farming, slaughtering, meat processing, packaging of new materials, cold chain logistics, chaining of businesses, nearly 4 million tons of meat products per year, etc.
There are more than 1 million distribution terminals and more than 10,000 tons of products per day throughout the country. In the area of product development, companies have stepped up their efforts to develop products that combine high-temperature cooking, “feasible meat and milk” and to implement a strategy of structural transformation of “home and table” products;
To strengthen the development of low-temperature, high-end products, to enrich leisure products, frozen products, and to cater for new consumption demands; to strengthen the development of Chinese-style cooked products, to develop fists, to enrich product lines, using deep processing advantages and raw material resource advantages.
As products continue to improve and optimize, corporate performance is expected to improve. The risks of consumption substitution associated with the higher prices of pork as a result of the African swine plague; The risks of volatile prices of raw materials.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.