State Shipping (001391.sz) on Monday, December 16th, a company listed on the main board, “State Shipping.” State Shipping (001391: the company is an integrated air logistics service provider and the main business can be divided into air cargo services,
Air terminal services, integrated logistics solutions, three main blocks. The company achieved its operations in 2021-2023.
The company has become one of the leading providers of air logistics services in the country, with a leading advantage in terms of, for example, the volume of cargo and mail transport. The China-China air transport group is the central, very large, state-owned air transport group company, the Joaquin Securities-New Stock-New Stock-Current Stock Coverage Report (Lin Tae-Nin).
Indirectly holding 45 per cent of the shares of China Air Capital and being the physical controller of the company; and relying on the platform resources of the China-China Consortium, the company owns a long-range, wide-body cargo aircraft operating autonomously, and in 2022 adopted a thematic coverage report on the exclusive Joaquin securities-new shares-new shares (medium equity)
The home business model acquires ownership of the cargo operations of the national air fleet passenger aircraft, becoming one of the main air logistics service providers in the country, with a stronger capacity, a network of routes, and a higher volume of mail and mail transport.
1) In terms of the size of the air transport capacity, as of the date of the offer, the company had 21 full cargo aircraft, of which 17 were flying, while the national air fleet and its holding company together operated by the company Joaquin Securities-New Stock-New Stock-New Stock Thematic Coverage Report (Blue Woo)
No. 87-2024 - Total No. 514, with routes covering 21 cities in eight countries and regions, including Europe, North America and Asia and the Pacific; according to a book of offers, the share of the State in the North American airline in 2019 was about 28 per cent, and the share of the European airline in 2019 was around 28 per cent.
Joaquin Securities-New Equity-New Stock Thematic Coverage Report (Kolun New 45%, with absolute advantage on the core intercontinental route, creating a solid industrial moat for national shipping. 3) 86th - Total 513th issues, 2024
With regard to the volume of cargo and mail traffic, in January-June 2024, the company shipped 72.28 million tons of cargo and mail, accounting for 17.32% of the country’s air logistics market.
(a) In the area of cross-border power vendor logistics, companies first entered in 2007 and gradually expanded their resource inputs from 2018 onwards, followed by the creation of separate business blocks; according to the offer book, the main types of product for cross-border power provider logistics services include cross-border power vendor logistics products, half-way products
Goods, charter flights, etc., with specific services such as pick-up transport, domestic customs clearance, air transport, overseas customs clearance, overseas distribution, etc., are expected to benefit from the faster development of the cross-border power vendor industry at this stage; 2) in the area of high-end consumption, companies conduct a full-scale process of producing high-quality consumer goods, such as medicines, and raw food materials
Transport, dispatch services: 3) In the area of industrial production, companies have established long-term and stable cooperation with a number of domestic and international electronic manufacturing head companies, such as Apple, Intel, and Huaiyang. Compared to industry listed companies: companies focus on integrated aviation logistics services: based on major business.
Similarity, with comparable listed companies choosing East and South Air logistics as national shipping. From these comparable companies, the average income of comparable companies in 2023 was $18,613 million, compared to the size of the company’s p-ttm collection and the failure of the Māori rate to match the performance of comparable companies.
The risks of specific listed companies are shown in the main text. Companies’ earnings and profits over the last three years have been recorded.
As an integrated air logistics service provider, the main operations can be divided into three pillars: air freight services, air terminal services, and integrated logistics resolution programmes.
Thanks to its own long-range, wide-body cargo aircraft and its own fleet of passenger aircraft, the company has expanded its network of routes to countries and regions on six continents, including Frankfurt, Amsterdam, Liège, New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, Tokyo, Osaka, Bangkok, Taipei, and Hong Kong. At the same time, the company owns cargo terminal resources at major domestic hubs and is a national and international airline company.
The provision of ground handling services for cargo, including air cargo warehousing, storage area operations, site security, document processing and information exchange, etc., takes full advantage of the ground safety network, congregates cargo stations and join-up service products. (i) Basic financial position
In 2023, the company ' s principal income was divided into three major sections by type of business, for air freight services ($10,241 million, figure 3: Māori and net profit ratio changes in corporate sales, figure 4: Roe changes in corporate roe)
Our aviation logistics industry started relatively late, and according to the World Bank, in 2020 we accounted for 10.7 per cent of the world ' s air cargo stock, ranked second in the world, but the United States accounted for 19.2 per cent over the same period, and our air cargo volume was only that of the United States.
As a result, there is still a large gap between our aviation logistics industry and the United States, and there is great potential for industry development. According to Customs Department statistics, the total value of our merchandise trade exports and imports in 2023 was $5.94 trillion, a decrease of 5.03 per cent compared to the previous year, an increase of 29.68 per cent over the same period in 2019, but it remained at a high level overall, albeit volatile.
Data from the special programme for the development of air logistics, which in 2020 accounted for 18.3 per cent of the total volume of exports and imports in the country's various modes of transport, showed a steady growth in the air logistics industry as a whole, with air traffic turnover from 24,355 million tons in 2017.
It grew to 28,362 million tons in 2023, maintaining a steady growth trend. According to the 14th Five-Year Plan for the Development of Air Logistics, published by the Civil Aviation Authority, the country's air transport industry completed, respectively, 6.661 million tons of mail traffic and 24.20 billion kilometres of mail traffic in 2020, the second-largest in the world, amply demonstrating the resilience of the country's air logistics industry.
In terms of the volume of civil air mail traffic, the increase from 563,000 tons in 2010 to 73,538,000 tons in 2023, with an annual compound growth rate of 2.08 per cent. In 2020, we completed 6,766 million tons of goods and mail transport across the industry, down from 2019. In 2021, as foreign trade demand stabilized and transport safeguards came in place, the market returned to warmer status and the entire industry finished.
The volume of bulk mail traffic rose from 731.84 million tons in 2020 to 97.17 per cent in 2019. 11.29 million tons in 2010 to 16.833 million tons in 2023, an annual compound growth rate of 3.12 per cent.
Decline. In 2021, as foreign trade demand stabilized and transport safeguards came in place, and markets warmed up, the country completed 17.82.8 million tons of mail-to-mail traffic, an increase of 10.91 per cent compared to 2020 and 4.26 per cent compared to 2019.1 The company is the operator of passenger and cargo operations under the China-China consortium; the company has become the domestic owner on the basis of the platform resources of the China-China consortium.
One of the desired providers of air logistics services has a leading advantage in terms of the volume of cargo and mail transport. The China-China Air Transport Group is a central, state-owned, super-state air transport group that indirectly holds 45% of the company's shares through China's air capital and is the actual controller of the company;
1) In terms of the size of air power, as at the date of the offer, the company had 21 full cargo aircraft, of which 17 were flying, and the combined shares and holdings of the company.
With regard to the operation of a network of 915 passenger aircraft: 2) by the end of June 2024, the company had 24 full cargo routes covering 21 cities in eight countries and regions, including Europe, North America and Asia and the Pacific; according to the offer, the share of the State in 2019 was about 28 per cent in North America, about 45 per cent in Europe and an absolute advantage in the core intercontinental route.
In January-June 2024, corporate mail traffic reached 72.28 million tons, 2, company power suppliers were actively deployed across borders, cold-chain logistics, high-end manufacturing, etc. The company was based on its own full cargo aircraft and the cargo resources of the national air fleet passenger aircraft.
For the first time in 2007, and with the gradual expansion of resource inputs since 2018, an independent business block was established: according to the offer, the main product types of the company ' s cross-border power provider ' s logistics services include the cross-border power provider ' s logistics product, half-haul products, charter flights, etc., and the physical services include such links as pick-up transport, domestic customs clearance, air transport, overseas customs clearance, overseas distribution, etc., which are expected to benefit from the present order.
(b) In the area of high-end consumption, companies are engaged in the direct movement of high-quality consumer goods, such as medicines, and raw food products to full-flow transport, distribution services: 3) In the area of industrial production, companies have established long-term and stable partnerships with a number of domestic and international electronics-making head enterprises, such as Apple, Intel, Hua, and others.
(iv) Fund-raising project inputs. The company's current investment fund in ipo is to be invested in three projects.1 The introduction of aircraft and the acquisition of back-up engines: the project proposes to expand the company's existing fleet through the acquisition of five b77-200f cargo aircraft.
Aviation capacity: at the same time, it is proposed to acquire 2 ge back-up engines to provide effective security for the safe flight of aircraft and the safe operation of the company ' s air cargo. Integrated logistics capacity-building: project-specific construction includes the acquisition of property in Shanghai, Shenzhen for a logistics hub
Building of points, adaptive renovation of office and warehousing premises at various logistics hubs.3 Informationization and digitization: this project is intended to improve management and office efficiency through the acquisition of advanced information equipment, upgrading of existing applications.
(v) Compared with industry-listed company indicators, as the airline freight industry gradually resumes normalization and the global supply chain system stabilizes, adding to the strong demand from cross-border power suppliers for air freight, air freight prices and freight and postage turnover have begun to recover from the industry low in early 2023.
Companies focus on integrated aviation logistics services; comparable listed companies that choose East and South for national shipping based on the similarities of their main business. From the comparable companies mentioned above, the average income of comparable companies in 2023 was $18,613 million, compared to a comparable company ' s p-ttm (counting average) of 9.07x, compared to a sales rate of 21.54 per cent for comparable companies; and, by contrast, companies, the average income of comparable companies in 2023 was $18,613 million, compared to a comparable company ' s p-ttm (counting average) of 9.07x, compared to a sales rate of 21.54 per cent for comparable companies.
The scale of revenue and the failure to match the performance of comparable companies. Business management risks due to business expansion, risks arising from inability to adapt to changing customer demand in a timely manner, aviation safety risks, risks of sustainability and stability of passenger and cargo sole operations, related trademarks used by companies from the share authorization of the national airline, downstream market demand
Risk reduction, risk of fluctuations in the price of aviation oil, etc.