We're going to buy a huge remodeling of the tdi industry, and we're going to build a global pycyanate giant, and we're going to be doing research, and we're going to be doing research, and we're going to be doing a quick review, and we're going to be able to get the base chemical.
On April 9, 2023, WMC issued a proclamation on the adoption of a centralized declaration by the operator: WMC has recently obtained a centralized declaration from the operators of the National Directorate of Market Supervision, agreeing that WCP would acquire a large-power stake in the smoke station by acquiring shares in the tobacco station's giant finer chemical company. WMC has signed an agreement of intent to obtain shares in the tobacco station's huge power.
Pyrotechnics Co. Ltd. was established in June 2001 as a private chemical company for the domestic production of tdi (tdi). (1) Pyrotechnic Giant Co. (Leyang City): with 80,000 tonnes/year of production capacity and gas and nitrate co-production capacity (currently discontinued); (2) Full-owned subsidiary Xinjiang and Mountain Giant (Quetun City, Xinjijiang State): with tdi 150,000 tonnes/year, hydrochloric acid 450,000/year, liquid chlorine 2.8 million/year
Year, 177,000 tonnes/year, 0.36 tonnes/year per N2N, 115,000 tonnes/year, 182,000 tonnes/year of D2A, 182,000 tonnes/year of carbonyl chloride, 478 tonnes/year of ammonia, 0.07 million tonnes/year of sulphur, 0.07 million tonnes/year of sodium hypochlorite, 0.6 million tonnes/year of effective chlorine > 5%, 1.8 x 1.04 million cubic metres/year of oxygen [compressed], 6.2 x 1.03 million cubic metres/year of nitrogen [compressed].
Tens of thousands, including 84, 81, 650,000 of the world's first three Bassovs, Kostov, and Huanhua chemical production capacity; and about 1.33 million tons of China's tdi nominal production capacity (approximately 39% of the world's total). In terms of domestic supply, there are currently five domestic tdi production firms, namely Shanghai Koth, Shanghai Haiba, in April 2023, the construction of 100,000 tons of tdi devices in Wanhua was shut down at the beginning of February 2023, and a further 250,000 tons of new devices are planned for 2023.
The current production capacity is 550,000 tonnes (30+25/Smoke Power, 16.8% of total global capacity of 3.28 million tonnes, and 24.4% of China's capacity of 2.23 million tonnes of domestic capacity); 230,000 tonnes of total smoke station capacity (Xinjiang and Mountain Power + Smoking Power, 15+80,000 tonnes); 80,000 tonnes of smoke station capacity has ceased production and has not yet been restarted; 150,000 tonnes of smoke station capacity is finally fully operational.
The global concentration of the tdi industry will increase further after the huge acquisition of the stations, and the share of the global market for chemistry is expected to rise from 16.8% to 25.2%. The low performance of the tdi landscape in the country has affected the expansion of tdi production and its plans in recent years.
Medium, and important for the company’s future: implementation of the central development strategy for the western part of the country, with the industrial layout of the northwestern part of the country. Given the station’s long-term shutdown of 80,000 tons of production capacity, only 150,000 tons of production capacity in Xinjiang, we expect the total production of Manchuria’s chemical capacity to reach 700,000 tons, and the buildup of 250,000 tons of post-partum capacity, and the long-term future of Manchuria (2024).
With a combined capacity of 950,000 tonnes, which is expected to reach 25.2% of the global capacity of 3.77 million tonnes, it is expected to become the world’s largest producer of tdi. In recent years, in terms of the operational strength of the HDWA chemical icylate business, Hungary’s bc company has continued to rationalize its production plans, maintain safe and stable operation of its mdi and tdi installations, in a context of high energy, high inflation, and reduced market demand;
By optimizing the global configuration of the overseas supply chain and resource allocation, the ability to provide efficiency and risk prevention has been improved to optimize the overall supply coordination capacity of the group. In the future, the HDRO operation will continue to focus on mdi, tdi, with a focus on the promotion of polyethers, modified mdi, and the maintenance of core competitiveness, such as a single set of large, low-cost, and more integrated units.
We are firmly convinced that companies will build up a globalized industrial giant to become a global first-class chemical company. The price review and outlook for the recent surge in exports, the closure of some domestic manufacturers’ installations, the price of the tdi, or an over-expected rise in the historical price of the tdi:
In 2013, the Department of Commerce issued a final decision to impose an anti-dumping duty on imports originating in the European Union for a period of five years from March 13, 2013, with benefits for domestic manufacturers and a rapid expansion of domestic production capacity. The cost price of benzene fell even more sharply, and the price of benzene was also lowered, adding up to the technical upgrade of installations and production capacity of our tdi enterprises.
In March 2016, France shut down its 126,000 tons of tdi devices, and in May 2016, Japan, Sanai announced the permanent closure of the 120,000 tons of tdi devices; and in October-mid-November 2016, Port Ludwig, Basv Germany, Bosou Hungary and the Russian Federation.
Coth stopped supply at the Dolmagan plant in Germany at the same time; in addition, Sanjia, Shiva, and China’s smoke station’s giant devices were overhauled. The shutdown affected 92.5% of the total capacity in Europe at that time, while the prices of the Asia-Pacific region rose by about 33.9%, and the prices of the tdi rose by nearly 70% in October 2016.
In 2017, as a result of the delay in the installation of the European device originally planned for Basfe, foreign stocks fell rapidly. The United States industry suffered a severe shock at the end of August 2017, and global prices were supported by Asian and European sources of goods flowing to the United States. During the same period, domestic environmental policies continued to tighten, in part.
After the shutdown of small businesses, which accelerated the exit of production, the contraction of domestic supply, coupled with pre-tdi prices falling too fast, and the emergence of a demand for centralized supplies downstream, a number of domestic and extraneous factors spurred a rapid increase in the price of tdi, reaching an average price of up to $4,2250 per tonne in October 2017. After that, domestic producers were stimulated by high prices, productive expansion was positive, foreign capacity was gradually restored, tdi supply was adequate, markets were weak and tdi prices were falling.
Downstream demand weakened throughout 2018, markets continued to weaken, and the lack of confidence on the part of distributors led to a steady fall in prices. In late 2018, two devices were put into production, one in China, one in China, one in China, and one in China, one in China, one in China, and one in China, the other in China.
In early 2021, the foreign cargo was strained, the domestic export market was better, the price of the tdi rose sharply, and the second half of the year was affected by repeated outbreaks and energy consumption policies.
Downstream demand is weak, and tdi is in a state of demand and supply. In the second half of 2021, the demand for tdi rose steadily, influenced by the growth of exports, the shutdown of some of the domestic manufacturers’ installations in recent years, and the warming of demand. Since the fourth quarter of 2021, countries like Europe and America have become more dependent on our products, such as soft furniture, and the demand for overseas tdi applications has increased.
In the first half of 2022, demand-side performance was depressed, and the price of the tdi fell. Since early August 2022, prices continued to rebound as a result of global energy price booms and force majeure or phased stoppages in parts of the world.
In 2023, the price of tdi was higher, mainly in the form of tremors. As of 10 April, it was close to $17,800 per tonne in taxes and $18,000 per ton in taxes in shipping. The price had risen by 2.01% from last week and decreased by 4.81% from the beginning of the year.
Figure 2: profit trends for tdi devices (m/tt) Phase-out of some of the older global tdi units with higher barriers to production, and negative growth in domestic tdi production in tdi in recent years is an important PUR resin feedstock, mainly produced by the liquid phase luminous gasification process. tdi (tdi) is the most important diocyanate source of PUR resins.
One of the ingredients, and mdi (diphenylmethane diocyanate) is a raw material of pure aromatic isocyanate. The aromatic aromatic material currently used in the polyurethane industry is dominated by tdi, mdi and papi, of which the areas of downstream application of tdi consist mainly of soft polyurethane foams, coatings, ingested polyurethane elastics, glue-laying materials and plastic runways; and mdi is used mostly for the manufacture of thermal plastic polyurethane elastics, synthetic glutens, shoe bottoms, etc.
At the world level, the methods used to synthesize organic isocyanate are mainly the liquid phase gasification process, the gas phase gasification process, and so on, where liquid phase gasification is widely used in the production of conventional isocyanate, such as mdi and tdi. The tdi industrialization preparation is mainly toluene nitrified to produce dinitrobenzene and then catalytic hydrogen to produce diaminobenzene, which is eventually produced in reaction to photogasm. Specifically, photogasmification reactions are broadly based.
It can be divided into five steps: 1 benzene reacts with nitrate to produce dinitrobenzene (dnt): 2dnt reacts with hydrogen to produce benzodiazine (tda); 3 Carbon monoxide and chlorine reacts to generate photogas: 4 tda reacts with dry treatments to produce tdi:5tdi products purified.
One of the most toxic types in the complex is its special odour, volatilization, and strict regulation. In accordance with the regulatory requirements, the country is now banned from building mdi, tdi projects in windward upwards in areas and cities where gas is not suitable for spreading. At the same time, the production of tdi is more difficult.
According to Treasure Information, devices such as polyurethane, the Blue Star Tai, the Tails, etc. have been phased out in 2015 and before. According to our statistics, the country’s low tdi climate performance in recent years has affected the expansion of tdi’s capacity and its plans. In 2021, the country’s tdi production capacity has shown negative growth, with some small, cost-neutral devices or will be phased out or long-term parking will be maintained.
Tons, of which 84, 81, 650,000 are the world’s first three Bassovs, Kostov, and Manchuria chemical production capacity; and about 1.33 million tons are China’s tdi nominal production capacity (about 39 per cent of the world’s total). In terms of domestic supply, there are currently five domestic tdi production firms, the Shanghai Koths, the Shanghai tdi installation was shut down in early February 2023, and a further 250,000 tons are planned to be added in 2023, so that as of April 2023, 10,000 people are now in production.
China produces 550,000 tonnes (30+25/Smoke Power plus Hungarybc, with global capacity accounting for 16.8% of the current global total capacity of 3.280,000 tonnes and domestic capacity accounting for 24.4% of China ' s current capacity of 1.23 million tonnes); smoke stations have a combined capacity of 230,000 tonnes (Xinjiang and Yamada Power + Smoking Power 15+80,000 tonnes), and smoke stations have a capacity of 80,000 tonnes that has not yet been restarted; and the state has a capacity of 150,000 tonnes.
The global concentration of the tdi industry will increase further after the huge acquisition of the stations, and the share of the global market for chemistry is expected to rise from 16.8% to 25.2%. The low performance of the tdi landscape in the country has affected the expansion of tdi production and its plans in recent years.
Medium, and important for the company’s future: implementation of the central development strategy for the western part of the country, with the industrial layout of the northwest. Given the station’s long-term shutdown of 80,000 tons of capacity, the current production of 150,000 tons of capacity in Xinjiang, and the year in which we wait for Xinhua chemistry to reach smoke stations, the total capacity will reach 950,000 tons, which is expected to reach 25.2% of the world’s 3.77 million tons, and will be the world’s largest production of tdi.
While consumption of tdi has been increasing in the last 10 years, demand is expected to return to its previous normal level, 69% of tdi is used to prepare polyurethane bubbles and 62% of polyurethane bubbles are used to produce flexible furniture. The tdi downstream is mainly polyurethane bubbles (e.g. polyurethane sponges), polyurethane elastomers, coatings and sealants, the polyurethane bubble is its largest downstream, while the tdi is also the most important isocyanic acid in polyurethane soup.
Polyurethane bubbles, which account for 69% of domestic consumption of tdi in 2020, have the greatest impact on the tdi market. Polyurethane bubbles are flexible and are used mainly as mats and buffers in furniture, automobiles, etc., and can also be used in clothing liners. As flexible polyethers are the most important polyol raw material for polyurethane, flexible polyethers are similarly distributed downstream of polyurethane bubbles.
China’s consumption of tdi has been increasing overall over the past 10 years. In February-April 2020, production in China declined from the same period in 2019, and began to rebound in May, and resumed growth after a brief decline in July.
Soft furniture refers to furniture dominated by sponges, fabrics, such as sofas, beds, furniture cushions (beds, mattresses, mattresses, etc.) and commonly used polyurethane bubbles as materials. According to the Light Industry Information Centre in Milan, Italy, the total global production value of soft furniture in 2017 was approximately 73.7 billion United States dollars.
The United States dollar, China is the largest manufacturing country, accounting for 46 per cent; the total global consumption of soft furniture is approximately $69.6 billion, and China is also the largest consumer market, with demand acceleration calculations for tdi: (1) polyurethane bubbles: according to the National Statistical Office, the production of soft furniture in the country has returned to positive growth since 2012 and reached 6.23 per cent in 2012-2020. In 2021, the production of soft furniture in the country accumulated around 86.254,000 pieces, an increase of about 26.1 per cent over the same period.
With 62 per cent of the country ' s PUR soft bubble downstream as a market for flexible furniture, the demand end-of-year compound increase is 6.23 per cent, assuming a 3 per cent increase in market demand for other vehicles, footwear, toys, boxes, etc., we estimate that the demand increase for PUR soft bubbles is expected to remain around 5.00 per cent in the coming years; (2) domestic demand performance is low and needs are expected throughout the year due to geopolitical conflicts, persistent disruptions, lower downstream end consumption, contingencies, etc.
The speed of growth is not as high as expected, but we believe that the impact of short-term disadvantages is very limited. As the city recovers from economic activity, we see the need for tdi to take into account the long-term shutdown of 80,000 tons of production capacity, the mere 150,000 tons of production capacity in Xinjiang. Ten thousand tons are expected to become the world ' s largest producer of tdi, after Xinjiang ' s chemistry has gained huge holdings, and the share of the global market is expected to rise from 16.8 per cent to 25.2 per cent in Xinjiang.
In terms of the operational strength of the HDRO chemical isocyanate business, in recent years, in a context of high energy, high inflation and reduced market demand, Hungarian bc has continued to rationalize its production plans, maintain safe and stable operation of its installations and maintain stable operation of its mdi and tdi installations;
In the future, the MCP business will continue to focus on mdi and tdi, with a focus on increasing polyetheric and modified mdi support platform capabilities, and on maintaining a single set of core competitivenesss, low construction costs, and a high degree of integration. In addition, companies plan to move into new materials, new energy sources.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject