China ' s Nuclear Power Purchase (601985.sh) (first rating) New leaps in nuclear power development and new energy contributions
Quantities: Industry is entering a period of policy hold, companies are one of the “double-fields” in the country, and the nuclear power industry is growing steadily. Twenty-two years are expected to be a year-on-year increase in the amount of power generated by a new “one-and-a-half” unit. With the objective of “double carbon” and the construction of new power systems, nuclear power is now strengthened by its clean and efficient advantage.
By the end of the 21st year, the company was operating 24 units (2.255 million years of total installed capacity), as well as the 21H2 network-connected Tian Wan unit (11.18 million kilowatts), which contributed over a half-year period.
Power, which this year will contribute to the annual amount of electricity), taking into account the fact that after major repairs, nuclear panels are expected to receive the same price for access to the Internet throughout the year: the price of coal supports the increase in market-based electricity, which is expected to benefit at the end of the 22-year period, and the profits are expected to increase. High coal prices raise the price of coal power, which in turn affects the market-based prices of various types of power sources.
On the basis of the online electricity supply, market-based electricity prices, with an average increase in electricity prices of 5 per cent, 10 per cent and 15 per cent, companies may increase net profits of $3/7.3 billion per year in nuclear power operations, compared to the net profits of the new energy development: “145”, the planned size of the installed units doubled, with the main increase in new energy sources, this year's electricity supply
The growth rate is expected to be 57%. By 2025, the company is planning to operate a total capacity of 56 million electric power plants, with few of the large power companies relying on a single platform, China, for the development of new energy sources, with the potential to fully exploit the resource advantages of groups such as finance, land, etc.
Nuclear safety accidents give rise to a risk of policy change; nuclear power construction is not proceeding as fast as expected; electricity prices are not as high as expected; wind-loading machines are not as high as expected; near-term sales share release risk 1, nuclear power is advancing steadily and wind is developing rapidly
1.1 The main nuclear power industry has grown steadily and the new energy contribution is one of the “oligarchy” of nuclear power in the country. In 2021, the company accounted for 74 per cent of all power supply units, 94.8 per cent of all electricity generated by nuclear energy, and nuclear power remained the absolute major.
One of the “virtuals” in the operation of kernel power, the company’s installed capacity and the market share of power generation are guaranteed at around 40%. The company now owns the largest nuclear reactor in the country, its core assets are of high quality and stable quality, and its engineering and operation management experience is extensive.
In 2021, two new units were put into operation, one for Fu Qing5 (the first global pile of Hualong I) and one for Tanyae 6, with an additional capacity of 227.9 million.
With the delivery of the new unit, the generation of power from the company's nuclear power plant has increased steadily in recent years, with 17,312 billion kwh generating from the company's nuclear power plant throughout the year 2021, an increase of 16.7 per cent over the same year. Nuclear power “should be released”, guaranteed by the number of hours. Nuclear power itself is stable, and we demand nuclear power.
Electricity “should be ready” and generally not involved in the acupuncture, and the nuclear power unit has remained largely full except for minor repairs. Due to the high demand for electricity in Jiangsu, Fujian, etc., the company's inventory of nuclear power units in 2021, on average, took advantage of the impact on the number of hours used of power consumption and shutdown repairs. From 2014 to 2016, the impact on the number of hours used has been eliminated.
The number of hours spent on nuclear power units declined considerably in 2019. Three nuclear power units, Unit 2, were under repair and shut down from January to November due to equipment failure.
The number has declined again. Since 2020, as the pattern of electricity supply and demand has tightened, the situation has improved, and the three nuclear units have returned to normal operation, allowing them to recover using hours, with the company’s stock of nuclear units using an average of 7621 hours in 2020, higher than the national average (7426.98).
Our nuclear power plant approved the development of new energy sources as a new growth point against a backdrop of stagnation. By 2020, new energy generation amounted to 5.640 billion kwh, an increase of 861% compared to the previous year.
By 31 December 2021, the company had a new energy capacity of 887,300 kW, including wind, and was in the forefront. In 2021, the company generated 9.51 billion kwh of new energy, an increase over the same period last year.
One billion kwh (+39% of the same year) became the only new energy platform for the group. After the company determined that the transfer energy had been approved during the acquisition, the parent nuclear group issued a report on avoidance of competition with China's Nuclear Power Company Ltd. in the field of new energy generation.
In addition to the new energy generation industry (mainly Xinhua Hydropower), which has been merged with the China Nuclear Industry Construction Group, other affiliates of the Group will not be associated with companies in the future in wind power, photovoltaics Figure 8: The company's photovoltaic power generation volume and acceleration (billion kwh, %)
1.2 A return in profitability, a steady improvement in performance, combined with a steady increase in the number of hours. In 2021, the company achieved three crew effects and a return in profits. The company ' s Māori ratio has remained stable in recent years, but in 2017-
With business income growing in 2019, the net profit from return had barely increased, and the net interest rate had fallen, mainly as a result of: (1) the introduction of new units in 2017-2018, with a partial increase in cost; and (2) the production of three nuclear power units in two instalments in 2019, owing to equipment problems, was not satisfactory to the company ' s performance
Since 2020, three units of nuclear power have started to fully generate electricity, eliminating the negative effects on the company’s performance. In 2021, the company achieved a net return profit of $8.04 billion, compared with 34.1 per cent.
Up to 51.5 per cent; with better cost controls, 2201 achieved net return profit of $2.88 billion, Figure 13: Cost of corporate sales, overhead rate (%), volume and price increases, as a result of the company ' s growth in nuclear power performance
2.1 At present, point 1 - Power increases: this year we have a new “one and a half” unit of power, which is less than 5 percentage points in the world, and we have a vast space for nuclear power generation. At present, our nuclear power supply is about 5 per cent, compared to the global average of 10.6 per cent, which is commensurate with our coal resource endowment.
Fire power is more important as a primary power source. Against the backdrop of the “double carbon” goal and technological advances in nuclear safety, the supply of electricity will be shaped by a shift away from the fire, hydropower development towards the ceiling, wind and light rapid, and nuclear power dynamic and orderly development.
Policies have had a decisive impact on the evolution of the nuclear power industry. Over the past 10 years, nuclear power policy has evolved in four phases, with the most important goal being to pursue safety and improve quality management: Phase I: 2011-2014: one year after the Fukushima nuclear leak in Japan.
(b) Phase II: 2015: “12th Five” planning year, INEA, National Energy Agency (NEA)
(b) Phase III: 2016-2018: after approval of eight units in 2015, although the State has approved eight units for the first time.
The policy has mentioned nuclear power construction objectives several times, but there are no new nuclear power units for approval. On the one hand, there are public opinion pressures following the Fukushima accident: on the other hand, since the Fukushima accident, the new units requested safety for three generations, and there were no commercial cases of nuclear power deliveries in the country until 2018.
Phase IV: 2019 to date: With the fall of three generation nuclear power projects, four new units were approved annually by the State from 2019 to 2020, and the report on the work of the Government for 2021 proposed “positive and orderly development of nuclear power”, with a marked acceleration in the pace of approval, approval and commencement of five units by the State in the same year.
During the year, it is hoped that 7-8 units will be approved on an average annual basis, and it is concluded that the development of nuclear power is a necessary option to improve our energy structure, while the technology of three generations of nuclear power is becoming more mature and the related negative public opinion factors are gradually diminishing and policies for the development of nuclear power are being taken into account.
Nuclear power development has entered a policy period of increasing clarity and clarity. Chart 16: Distribution of installed nuclear power capacity in the world’s major countries (%) The low-carbon effect is significant, the role of basic loads is indispensable for achieving the “double carbon” goal.
(1) Low-carbon advantage: The country ' s electricity sector currently accounts for about 44 per cent of the country ' s total emissions and is the largest contributor to carbon emissions. The total carbon emissions from nuclear power throughout its life cycle are less than 29 g/kwh, with 2.8 per cent of the carbon emissions from coal, and less than photovoltaic and biomass, and are not produced during the operation.
(b) Direct carbon emissions. (2) Base charge advantage: in addition, nuclear power has the advantage of high density and stable power surges, and can independently bear the basic load. (3) Use the advantage of hours: individual nuclear power units use an average of more than 7,000 hours per year, much more than other power sources.
In terms of stability, nuclear power is the best option to replace coal as a low-carbon base charge. Coastal nuclear power helps to reduce the imbalance in distribution, use, and structural power shortages in coastal provinces.
Economically, new coastal nuclear power can alleviate the power shortage in coastal provinces. Currently, coastal nuclear power is more advanced than inland nuclear power, is more technologically mature, is more self-sufficient in coastal areas than inland, and is better equipped to develop nuclear power.
Nuclear power approval has been restarted, and construction is expected to accelerate. Since the nuclear safety accident in Fukushima, Japan, in 2011, our approval of nuclear power has been slow.
The report makes explicit reference to nuclear power, and it is the first time in the government report that a “positive” is used to describe the development of nuclear power.
It is expected that our nuclear power approval will return to normal in the future, and that nuclear power construction is expected to progress steadily at the rate of 6-8 units per year. There has been a marginal improvement in investment in nuclear power.
However, based on a forward-looking indicator of the level of investment completion, in 2020 and 2021, investment in nuclear power reached 37.9 billion yuan and 53.8 billion yuan, an increase of 13.1 per cent and 42 per cent, respectively, with higher rates of innovation.
407.140 million kwh, or 4.8 per cent of total national electricity generation, refers to China ' s Nuclear Energy Development Report (2021) and analyses the annual demand for electricity and the potential supply of wind, light, water and biomass energy: we use nuclear television as a power source to fill the gap, and it is expected that by 2030 nuclear power plants will exceed 100 million kW.
Nuclear power generation in the year, based on competitive patterns, is clear for the industry. “Qualifications + Technology + Finance” together creates high, deep, wide industry barriers for the nuclear industry, which currently has only China, China, China, and China.
By the end of 2021, China’s nuclear power market stood at 42%, with a preponderant advantage, while China’s nuclear group had an industrial chain advantage. The price of electricity, when it was marketed, was theoretically subject to a range of positive and negative fluctuations, while the power from the new installed machines was sold.
• The company’s nuclear power plant has grown steadily, with a new “half” unit generating electricity over 22 years, compared to last year. See 2022: the entire industry expects three new units this year (3.67 million kilowatts), of which the company is generating electricity this year, as well as Unit 6 of Tanya, which was connected to the net in mid-year (11.18 million kilowatts) last year.
Six months of power generation, which this year can contribute a year), is equivalent to the same amount of power generated by a new “one-and-a-half” unit. According to data from 22h1, the nuclear plate is 83.07 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh) on the Internet, an increase of 7.3 per cent compared to the previous year, which is expected to be the same.
In the medium- and long-term: As of March 2022, the company had six nuclear power units under construction, with a total installed capacity of 63.53 million kW. Two units are expected to be operational in 2024 and 2025 in the first phase of the state of Chen.
In addition, the company has three nuclear power phases II, Xu Da Fort I and II, Hunan Peach River, Fujiming Sanmeng nuclear power, Hei-Sang nuclear power, etc., which are already in the advanced stages and not yet ready.
Nuclear power projects approved. As nuclear power approvals return to normal, future companies are expected to grow steadily, bringing in an increase in revenues and profits for the company. 2.2 Current watch point 2 - the price of electricity rises: coal power supports the price of electricity, and the price of marketed electricity floats this year.
In order to alleviate the shortage of coal power, the country regularly floats the price of electricity traded in the electricity market from above the base price.
10%, no more than 15%, expanded to no more than 20% up and down, and the energy-intensive sector is not subject to a 20% cap. In the same month, the Commission issued a circular on further deepening of the market-based reform of coal-fired electricity grids, calling for the orderly liberalization of all coal-fired electricity grids, electricity.
In some parts of the country, previous market reforms have resulted in trade in electricity at a discount and now in a premium. Nuclear power, as a base charge power source that competes with coal, usually participates in the provincial electricity market with coal.
The price of electricity traded on the market is roughly the same as the price of electricity traded on the local coal grid, and before that, it was lower than that of the nuclear power unit. In the electricity market, benefiting from the increase in the price of electricity on the coal electricity market, the price of nuclear power will also be reduced, taking Jiangsu as an example: according to Jiangsu Power Exchange Centre, 2022, published in December 2021.
A certain premium has also been observed for the fleet of  and the fleet of 3-6 as compared to the approved electricity prices of 0.439/kwh and 0.391/kwh., respectively.
The share of electricity traded on the market by companies has been increasing in recent years. In 2020, the total amount of electricity traded on the market reached 51.18 billion kwh, representing 37.1 per cent of the company ' s total nuclear power on the Internet, and in 2021, the ratio will disappear, and it will be able to float on average more than 0.02 yuan/kwh on the basis of approved electricity prices.
The price of electricity, the increase in market-based electricity, has led to profit elasticity. According to the calculations, it is assumed that the market for Jiangsu and Zhejiang for the year was the planned value of the local DRC, while the rest of the provinces were actually marketed in 2021.
Three generations of nuclear power are safer than the previous generation. Three generations of nuclear power technology is the most advanced mainstream, using nuclear power technology, which is more secure than the first and second generation of nuclear power, and the probability of reactor damage from the reactor core of the third generation has been reduced from 1.0\times104\cdot year of the original second generation of nuclear power requirements to 1.0\times105/
The probability of large amounts of radioactive releases has been reduced from the original 5-/-year to the 6-year-old year. The first project in our country to introduce three generations of nuclear power technology was the Zhejiang Sanjiang nuclear power unit 1 (China nuclear power project) using the American-developed ap1000, which is also the global ap1000.
Three generations of nuclear power life is longer, less extensive and more economically efficient than the previous generation. Life-cycle benefits increase by more than 180,000 hours. The second generation has a useful life of 40-60 years, the third generation 60-80 years and a 50-per-cent increase from the second generation. The next generation also has a 12- to 18-month overhaul cycle.
Considering the annual overhaul and assuming an operational lifetime of 60 years, a review cycle of 18 months and a 22-day review, a three-generation nuclear power unit would be operating for an additional period of approximately 251 months, equivalent to 181,000 hours, up to 56.6 per cent at current electricity prices,
The average annual depreciation decreased by 18.8 per cent and the nuclear power operation was characterized by significant heavy asset characteristics, solidified in cost composition, reaching 39.1 per cent.
30,790 million yuan, average annual depreciation of $344.2/kw based on 40 years of life cycle, and Fuku Qing 5 or 1166,000 kilowatts of single-loaded units using the three generation fleet of the Hualong One, at an approximate cost of $38,960 million, average annual depreciation of $279.6/kw based on 60 years of life cycle, compared with 60 years of average depreciation of $279.6/kw per year.
The average annual depreciation of the second-generation aircraft decreased by 18.8 per cent.
Dragon 1 is now priced at $16,000/kw, which is a cost advantage compared to the price of ap10.18 million/kwh. Given the higher degree of national production and the maturity of the second generation in the domestic chain, we believe that with the third generation of aircraft,
In addition to the mainstream three-generation units, significant progress has now been made in the development of our fourth generation nuclear power plant. On 20 December 2021, for the first time, a demonstration of the high-temperature gas cooling plant in Shandong Shoi Island Bay was connected to the grid to generate electricity.
Our own country, the world’s first commercial nuclear power plant with four generations of nuclear power, has a wide potential for commercial applications in the fields of nuclear power generation, cogeneration of heat and cooling, and high-temperature process heat.
The fourth generation of reactors is more stable in their chemical form and more secure. The fourth generation is based on high-temperature cooling reactor technology, which is higher than that used in the first three generations of nuclear power plants. According to our development of high-temperature cooling reactor technology and industrialization:
Technical upgrades are mainly reflected in the selection and structural design of fuel components, coolants and slowants: (1) fuel components: inclusive fuel particles using carbonated silicon shell; (2) coolants: replacement of water with helium gas inert gases; and (3) slow agents: replacement of water with graphite above 3000°C;
(4) Structural design: top-end feed, bottom-end unloading, no reloading; safety enhancement is reflected in: (1) modularization of small piles + graphite insinuating heat to avoid continued warming after the shutdown (cause of accident at Fukushima nuclear power station); (2) blanketing of particle fuel structures, locking of radioactive fissions
Production, to avoid leakage of radioactive material; (3) feed progress can be controlled without the need for one-time excess fuel to effectively control the response.
The four-generation fleet is more economical than the three-generation fleet and is represented in four ways: (1) the crew system is simple.
(ii) Modularized construction is low cost and short-duration. Modular construction reduces much of the welding work and will be constructed to (3) increase the efficiency of power generation and the number of hours used. In addition, according to the Industrialization Thinking on the Industrialization of High-temperature Gas Refrigeration Reactors, high-temperature cold reactors can generate 42-50% of electricity, compared to 33-35%.
Four generation units do not have to stop for reloading: the high temperature air cooling reactor is reloaded to the core by the assembly body above the core, and the offloading facility below the core is off-loaded so that the reloading is kept up. Compared to the current three generation, the time for overhauling is shorter and the number of hours used is increased throughout the life cycle.
Like the 10,000kwhh coal-fired unit, four generation nuclear power units can be built using the original equipment facilities of the coal-fired unit, with one side reducing the cost of nuclear power construction and, on the other hand, providing a possible path for the thermal conversion upgrade. The generation of high-temperature vapour accessories is promising for industrial applications.
Under pressure from 15mpa, the cooling water saturation temperature rises to 340°C in one circuit to heat up the water in two loops, generating steam for power generation, and the coolant export temperature can reach only about 330°C, with the main thermal energy concentrated in the fields of pure ethanol, desalination and concentrated heating.
Gas + graphite + other high-temperature-resistant materials, coolant export temperatures can reach 950°C, which greatly expands the range of industrial vapour applications generated by the air fleet, of which the heat of the high-temperature process 900-950°C can be used for large-scale hydrogen production, while the industrial vapour below 540°C can be used for chemical, oil refining, dense oil thermal mining, etc.
Figure 37: A map of steam applications for high-temperature cooler reactors Focusing on new business models for agile nuclear power: the company will in the future form “nuclear + non-nuclear clean energy + agility”
Agile operations are mainly centred on the use of nuclear energy for multiple purposes, and are part of the extension and expansion of the nuclear energy industry chain, including future piles, high-temperature hydrogen, high-temperature cooling reactors, etc.
Pilots have been put in place to define the direction of development and to industrialize in the future. 2.4 Long-term perspective point 2 – compared to comparable companies, the defense properties of nuclear power operations are expected to further highlight the difference between long-term power development models and new sources of energy, and China’s nuclear power still has high capital costs.
From the early operation of the tri-gorge power station to the 2016 stream, the injection into the power station, to the near-term re-entry of the U-turn and the white power station, the expansion of the Yangtze electric power has been characterized by a ladder for several years, and by a unique development model of group construction re-injection, which puts less pressure on its continued capital expenditure during the construction period.
China’s nuclear power, while investing in new nuclear power plants, is involved in the development of new sources of energy, requiring even more capital spending at this stage. The company now has some public-service defence attributes, with each share of red and trans-shipment slightly higher than the middle and wide core.
Compared to the pure green power operator ' s tri-gorge energy, both nuclear power and hydropower companies are considered to be extremely defensive because of their high-scoring power costs, their net cash flow from post-partum activities is higher than net profit, and their cash flow is more abundant.
Sex, we believe that nuclear power companies with similar business models have the same attributes, and from 2021 data, China’s nuclear power shares are more red than its counterparts. The U.S. nuclear dragon Exlon shares are growing, and companies are expanding their new energy operations and their share is increasing.
Exlon, the largest nuclear power operator in the United States, has increased its share over the years, enjoying a 33-fold premium on the US share of the 2021 average 27 times thepe, while China's two nuclear dragonheads, China's nuclear power plant, and China's wide-range estimates
The value level is below 20 times lower than the average of the power plate (the average value of the new energy plate drops high), and we see from this: the United States, as the world's largest nuclear power nation, has reached maturity and will naturally move to a high-dimensioned direction; domestic nuclear power is currently at a new stage of development, company leader.
While the development of new sources of energy has affected the proportion of the red, the future increase in the division of nuclear power will be significant and desirable.3 New energy development will be significant and will provide further growth for the nuclear power giants.
3.1 "145" new energy power, with the "re-engineering" of a Chinese nuclear power company on a scale that doubles its "145" load plan, with a major increase in new energy sources. By 2025, the company will have a planned capacity of 56 million kilowatts of installed power, as a result of our nuclear power generation in 2016-2018.
In 2023, there will be a one-year window for new air fleets. In addition to the conventional nuclear power units connected to the grid in 2024 and 2025, the main increase will be concentrated in the loading of new energy sources, with a new energy capacity of 887,300 kilowatts, an increase of 69 per cent over the same period last year.
Construction capacity of 19,922,000 kilowatts, including 270,000 kilowatts of wind power and 1652,000 kilowatts of light voltage. According to the company's 14th Five-Year Plan, the company's power load will reach 56 million kilowatts by 2025, while the company's nuclear loader is expected to reach 26 million kilowatts in 2025, meaning that the new energy loader will be installed.
3.2 In cash, land reserves, group resources are their competitive advantage The company has a strong cash flow to meet the need for investment in new energy loadings. The net cash flow of corporate operations has grown steadily in recent years, and the revenue ratio has remained at over 100%.
Camps are more stable and less affected by fuel costs, and the steady increase in operating cash flows is more certain as the company’s new unit of nuclear power becomes operational in the future, providing a solid financial base for the rapid growth of new energy sources.
The speed of installation of 4.25 million kilowatts of light voltage, assuming that the investment costs of wind power and light voltage are $600 million and $600 billion, respectively, are less than capital spending on nuclear power development, and can simply support the construction of new energy projects by operating net cash flow from companies, the piping resources of nuclear power plants and the land reserves of the China Nuclear Group.
The beach areas around the base can be used for photovoltaic projects with better sunlight and wind fields (coastal).
In addition, the Chinese nuclear group owns about 1900 km2 of exploitable land resources, mostly in areas rich in wind and light in the northwest.
The development of the relevant outlet is well under way, and new energy development has the advantage of a land reserve. Given that the Department is currently the only new energy platform of the Group, there is no group resource allocation for new energy development, no profit forecasting and investment proposal.
Equipping capacity: By the end of 21 years, the company was in the crew of 24 units, with a total capacity of 22,555,000 kW, contributed full-year power generation, no additional units were installed for 23 years, and unit 1 (1-1 plant power rate) was added for 24 years (12.12 million). The stock fleet is expected to have little space for future increases in the number of hours.
From the data for the first half of this year, the nuclear power plant reached 83.07 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh), an increase of about 7.3 per cent compared to last year’s half-year increase in electricity generated by Tian Wan and Fuku Qing during the second half of the year.
The rate of increase in electricity on the Internet is expected to be at the same level throughout the year: by the end of 21 years, 623.926.35 million kilowatts of light voltage and wind capacity, respectively, would have been in the direction of the company's target of 30 million kilowatts of new energy installed at the end of the 14th Five.
Thousands of kilowatts (kW) of 410.9/616.3/801.2 thousand kW) for wind power. As the body load base remains small, the build-up rate will generally tend to be higher and lower.  Connected electricity: assuming that the average number of hours spent on light voltage and wind is the same as in 2021, corresponding to the average number of hours spent on wind power.
2022 ~ 2024 RMB 76.7-1154.95 billion of photovoltaic power grids and wind power grids. In 2022, the combined Maori rate increased by 3.3 pcs by the same year as the nuclear power business benefited from marketed electricity prices and proportional increases, and the corresponding reduction in major repairs increased the MW rate; and the wind power and photovoltaic operation MW rates are projected to increase.
Coal electricity prices may not remain high in the long term, leading to a decline in the Māori rate to a more stable level (cf. the combined Māori rate for wind-bearing, light-power generation in 2021, 44.2 per cent, wind-deficient, light-fired nuclear power generation, core business of the company, including nuclear power and new energy generation, based on the above-mentioned profit projections, we
Divisional projections of two core operations were made, which took into account, inter alia, the gross profits and their share of the company’s two operations: in 2022, the nuclear power division was expected to realize a net gross profit of $9.32 billion to the mother, and the new energy division to a net profit of $1.05 billion to the mother.
China’s Guangnu, whose profits are closest, and other renewable energy companies, such as the hydroelectric dragons, China’s power supply and Yangjiang electricity, are valued at 22 years’ 15-fold level; the new sources division considers a combination of large-scale integrated wind, light operators, and single new energy generation types of people.
Business valuation level, 22 years 21 times greater than average (taking into account that the company, as the only new energy platform of the group, is expected to benefit fully from group resources in the development of the project). The above valuation corresponds to the risk of policy change caused by nuclear safety accidents: from historical experience, the nuclear power industry is more influenced by policy.
Large. When nuclear safety accidents occur, they may affect the release of nuclear power in support of development policy.
The price of electricity is not as high as expected: the company’s share of market-based electricity is rising year by year, and the price of market-based electricity is likely to fall short of expectations if the demand for and supply of electricity are not as tight as expected. Wind-loading machines are not as high as expected: the company’s targets for new energy expansion are set at a higher rate of return on the project.
And the expected or declining demand for industrial loading will affect the incentives of companies to add wind and light machines, and hence the level of revenue and profits.