Technology leads to battery innovation, highly internationalized profits lead, and for the first time covers Qing High Quan: Power storage is a two-wheel drive, and profitability is growing steadily.
In 2020, the public became the first shareholder of the company, starting with a globalization strategy, with a steady increase in the flow of power and storage batteries. In 2024, the company, the company, became the largest shareholder of the company.
The power sector generated $25,648 million, while the energy-storage portfolio generated $7,832 million. At the same time, the company’s business management capacity has grown steadily and its profitability has steadily increased.
1) Power Batteries: The global penetration rate of new energy vehicles continues to increase, and power cells will enter the twh era. Global sales of new energy vehicles reached 17.6 million vehicles in 2024, with a penetration rate of 20%. Downstream, new scenes such as vtol, electric ships, etc. widen demand, structural opportunities are emerging, and technological innovation premiums are increasing.
Companies’ prices are rising in comparison with their depth of 300. In a state of full-scale electricization, extremes such as vtol impose higher demands on batteries, pushing for deep innovation in the material system, with solid-state batteries in particular.
2) Storage cells: Global energy transformation plus industry upgrades, high demand for storage batteries sustained, but with a slightly higher profit margin, there is a huge development space in the future. The domestic production of lithium phosphate is excellent, and the global market share is increasing.
• Corporate bright spots: Mass enabling globalized market openings, innovation in leading technological innovation 1) technological end: companies are ahead of the curve in solid battery products and are expected to lead the way in achieving volume production. Companies are in a solid semi-solid dual-way parallel, with a full-solid “Gold” battery energy density of 350wh/kg.
The first fully-stated experimental line is officially connected, 100 per cent autonomously developed, with a design capacity of 0.2 gwh, and is expected to achieve small bulk production and vehicle testing in 2027: a quasi-solid glycerine battery with a high capacity of over 300ww/kg, raising the level of a pure electric car to 1,000 km.
The company has established factories in several countries, including Germany, Slovakia, Morocco, Indonesia, Thailand, Viet Nam, and the United States.
3) Profit-end: advanced manufacturing, manufacturing efficiency, higher output, higher output, better product structure, and still higher profit margins. The share of overseas exports continues to rise.
Prices of raw materials fluctuated significantly; downstream demand fell short of expectations; and industry competition increased.
1.1 Profile: Deeply rooted in new energy, power storage is a two-wheel drive from the Lithium Phosphate Agency to a gradual expansion of power cell and energy battery operations into a global power and power storage battery head business.
In the city, with its headquarters in Anhui, the company has always been driven by technological innovation and has been working on technological innovations and applications in power cell systems, storage battery systems, and transmission and distribution equipment.
It is widely applied to new energy vehicles such as passenger cars, commercial cars, and special vehicles, and provides green energy system solutions for storage customers.
At the beginning of the pool, in 2010, the first pure electric bus with a national battery was officially launched. Then the operation was extended to a variety of applications, such as passenger cars and storage capacity, starting with the launch of a pure electric sedan in 2012 in cooperation with Jiang Xiao, and the signing of a cooperation agreement with Shanghai Electric in 2017, in the area of joint ventures in energy storage, during which time the State High School of Technology was involved.
Globalization has become a new focus. In 2020, the country signed a strategic agreement with the Volkswagen (China) group, and in the following year it launched a popular campaign to complete the deal, making the public the first shareholder in the country to take over Bo in the same year.
The World Group is located at the Göttingen plant in Germany, where it established the company's first new energy production operating base in Europe. In 2023, the first battery product from the Göttingen base in Germany was delineated and the national battery became “madeingermany.” Not only then, the company intends to build a battery plant in Illinois, United States, to complete the “single product - vertical extension”
The third stage of the "globalization" leap. Chart 1 shows a clear and stable equity structure, with Lee as the realist and the public as the first major shareholder.
The controlling person is Li Xing, who holds 5.73 per cent of the shares of the company directly, and 8.6 per cent of the shares of the company indirectly through Nanjing State Holding Group Limited, which together holds 14.33 per cent of the shares of the company. Mr. Li Xing is the chief director and general manager of the company, the executive director of Nanjing State Holding Group Limited and the executive director of the State Holding Group Limited.
Xi Li was a co-activist who directly held 1.58% of the company’s shares. The Volkswagen Investment Company Ltd. held 24.44% of the company’s shares and was the country’s first shareholder.
The company’s performance has continued to grow, benefiting fully from the global energy transition. The country’s high-level industry competes differentially around power cell systems, storage cell systems, and transmission and distribution equipment, leading in the areas of lithium cell operations and storage cells.
The pool industry, driven by technological innovation and scale effects, has accelerated integration, while the energy storage sector has entered a phase of scale expansion, with a continuing climate and firm corporate performance, with companies achieving a revenue of $35.39 billion in 2024, resulting in a net return of $100 million, an increase of 45.6 per cent in the same year, a sustained growth momentum under a high base and a sustained increase in profitability.
The company’s Māori ratio is generally on the rise, with the firm’s 2019-2024 net profit return and the same-year increase in cost optimization. As the company accelerates the expansion of full-chain technological innovation from core to product, manufacturing, application, and overseas markets, the company’s Māori rate is expected to rise again in 25 years.
:: Steps. With the increase in the scale effect release and cost control, the company ' s net interest rate of 3.26 per cent in 2024 was historic, new, rich in product matrices, and continued to intensify overseas business expansion.
In 2024, the global lithium power cell industry entered a technological acceleration period, with continued optimization of the battery tank structure, increasing energy density, and a significant increase in the charging rate, driving the expansion of the lithium power cell industry and increasing penetration of the new-energy car market.
One of the first enterprises to develop, produce and sell lithium ion batteries for new energy vehicles in the country has accumulated a strong brand, customer and distribution channel base in the domestic market, with market occupancy at the top, power cell system revenue rising from year to year, reaching $25,648 million in 2024; and dividends are being released as domestic industrial policies continue to expand.
And geopolitically, the global renewable energy installation has accelerated the surge in demand for storage energy, with the global lithium storage, 369.8gwh of batteries delivered in 2024, an increase of 64.9 per cent compared to the previous year, actively integrating resources, generating $7,832 million in 2024 in the battery storage system camp, with the Māori rate rising to 21.8 per cent in 2024 each year; and the transmission and distribution of electricity products as the company's traditional business.
Corporate growth in corporate profitability as a whole is supported by a sustained increase in overseas revenue collection ratios. Companies raise their brands internationally by developing overseas development centres, building production bases, and docking international capital markets to markets abroad.
The annual rate of 0.45% surged to 31.09% in 2024. At the same time, the Māori rate of corporate export products was significantly higher than the rate of domestic sales, the lower 2 scenery was expanding, the demand for lithium electricity continued to be high, the penetration rate of new energy vehicles continued to grow, and power cells entered the twh era.
Global new energy vehicle sales grew rapidly, with global penetration rates exceeding 20% for the first time in 2024. According to Marklines and the China-China Association, global new energy vehicle sales rose from 900,000 to 17,570,000 in 2016-2024, cagr = 44.98%, and penetration from 1% to 20%.
Demand has risen rapidly, with a global power cell load of 908gwh in 2024, and power cells are expected to enter the twh era in 25 years. New domestic energy vehicles are leading the world, and new ones are promising to sea in 2016-2024.
Overall vehicle sales increased from 380,000 to 14.14 million, or 57 per cent, in Cagr. In 2024, the total number of cars sold in China was 31.43 million, and China’s penetration of new energy vehicles exceeded 40 per cent. In 2024, China’s domestic sales of new energy vehicles accounted for 73.2 per cent of the global sales of new energy vehicles, and it was the world’s lead in electricizing cars. In 2024, China exported 1.28 million new energy vehicles.
With the growth of the global new energy vehicle, the power cell industry continued to expand. Global lithium battery loaders increased by 908gwh.
Twenty-one percent, including China’s powered lithium battery loader, is an increase of 32%. We expect the global volume of new energy vehicles to reach 21.6 million in 2025, and the corresponding power battery load will reach 1151gwh. The power cell market is more competitive, the industry is more concentrated, and the ladders are distinct.
In 2024, the cumulative production of power and other batteries in China was 1,096.8gwh, which was 41.0% higher in the same year; the cumulative load of power cells was 548.4gwh, which was 41.5% more in the same year, with Ningde accounting for 45.1% and 1.89 pct more in the same year.
In line with last year’s pattern of competition, the changes in rankings have occurred mainly in second- and third-line manufacturers. New manufacturers, new power sources, new sources of energy from Yoning, new cars on the back of the Jili, and old-fashioned companies, all of which have built their own battery layouts because of the wide array of batteries on their backs.
Globalization, especially overseas construction, is accompanied by localization as part of the industry’s immediate direction. 2.2 Global energy change + industrial upgrading, rapid growth in the storage energy sector.
The growing demand for renewable energy and the orderly landing of national carbon reduction targets have led the energy battery industry to become a key pillar in the energy sector, increasing the stability of grid frequencies and promoting changes in the electricity energy market. According to the wtbank data, the global lithium storage battery delivered 369.8gwhh in 2024, a 52.7% increase over the same year, with Chinese enterprises.
The amount of storage batteries delivered is 345.8gwh, which represents 93.5% of the global output of storage batteries, and the global share of Chinese companies increased by 2.6 pct.
73.76gw/168gwh, about 20 times as high as the end of the 13th Five, an increase of more than 130% from the end of 2023. As domestic and international industrial policies continue to release dividends, global renewable energy loading has accelerated the surge in demand for storage capacity, particularly in Europe, where the US-Net side storage capacity and the Chinese business and industry storage market have grown significantly, and portable storage capacity has become a new growth point, the global reserve.
The storage energy track has maintained a high profile, and the share of the national production cores has increased. The Ningde era has continued to show strong power, with battery delivery accounting for 36.3% of the global stock of storage batteries over 24 years and 49% of the same volume; and a billion latitudes have been able to deliver 40gwh.
This represents a 90% increase in the same year, with storage batteries leaping to the second highest level in the world; medium-innovation storage batteries + 150%; high-country storage batteries + 200%; Korean battery companies, tristar and lig, falling in the ratio. Figure 192024: global output of storage batteries + 150%
Figure 182023: Global output of storage energy batteries has widened the picture of lithium power applications compared to 2.3 STIs, and demand has driven high-quality lithium electricity innovations. Lithium power applications have expanded to full-scale electrodynamicization. Lithium power applications are moving towards vtol, robotics, electric ships, workers.
The data from the High Engineering Research Institute (Giii) indicate that the world in 2025 included electricity storage power, (ai) data centres/industrial ups, a breakdown of lithium batteries in vehicles, low-altitude vehicles, robots, etc., with a projected cargo of more than 1.8 twh. By 2030, the evtol vehicle was using lithium batteries, robotic lithium batteries, and engineering machinery with lithium.
The demand for lithium batteries for batteries, electric ships is expected to be 30gwhh, 100gwhh, 160gwhh, respectively. In a state of full-scale electricization, extreme scenes such as vtol are demanding high levels of energy density, safety and light quantification.
In the past few years, our new battery industry has made remarkable achievements in terms of market size, technological innovation, industrial-chain synergies and internationalization.
The growth of demand has gradually shifted from a “volume increase” to a “mass change.” The power cell surge has been blocked but the technological innovation premium has risen, the new energy vehicle market has gradually moved into a relatively stable phase of development after years of high growth, new demand has stabilized and structural opportunities have become apparent, with new ones in the fields of power heavy cards and engineering machinery, electric ships, etc.
There is significant future development space for storage batteries to maintain a high growth in their capacity, but with a modest profit margin. Global lithium battery demand has increased by about 29% over the year, with power cell demand reaching 1404gwh, storage battery demand of about 430gwh, and consumer battery demand of about 158gwh.
3 Corporate Strengths: Popular Enabling Global Market Opening, New Leading Technological Innovations 3.1 Mass Motors Group War Inputs Unit, Supported Overseas Market Opening
On May 28, 2020, the Volkswagen Group formally signed a contract to invest about 1.1 billion euros in the company’s share of 26.47% and the company’s first share in the company.
At the same time, a supplementary agreement was signed by the popular group not to acquire control of other auto-powered lithium companies in the country, and the mass group gave technical guidance to the national corporation in terms of production, technology, etc.
Figure 23 Mass Motors Group (China) became the core battery supplier for the mass electrification process at the site of the strategic investment contract with Kusaka Co. Ltd.
In July 2021, Volkswagen launched another 2030newauto strategy, which is expected to account for more than 50% of total sales by 2030. China, as the main market for its trams, is based on its sales in China in 2030.
We estimate its sales in 2030 at about 2 million electric cars, assuming a single-car capacity of 60kwh. Reciprocal lithium battery demand of 120gwh.
(a) The signing of a framework agreement for strategic cooperation between the two parties: in July 2021, the two parties agreed on a framework agreement for strategic cooperation.
In accordance with the plans of the Volkswagen, which developed the first generation of standard cores for the Volkswagen Volkswagen (China) conventional mass-carrying model, standard cores have significantly reduced their cost by adopting uniform design standards and are expected to cover 80% of the cars under the Volkswagen flag in the future.
2) In the beginning of 2022, IKKK obtained the mass Chinese triple and phosphate lithium core product and, in May 2023, IKKHKCO co-owned the co-manufacturing company, the public automobile group, which will be the supplier of the mass car overseas market.
This means that the National High School has become a core provider for a whole series of new energy cars through a full-scale test of its battery products by a mass group, which will also be one of the major customers of the national community.
Construction of the Salzgit Super Battery Plant in Germany: in 2021, the two sides agreed on a cooperative plan, the Kukaku Nation, as a technical partner, to build one of its Super Battery Plants, to produce a triple standard core at the Volkswagen Saltzey Special Service Plant in Germany, where both sides will be involved in the production layout, equipment deployment and production process.
Together, to accelerate the industrialization of core production, the production of cores is planned for 2025, securing the supply of batteries through the introduction of standard cores and innovations in large quantities of production.
By the end of 2025, overseas production was expected to account for 33% of total production capacity. Companies actively placed overseas revenues up to 31.1%, breaking the $10 billion threshold for the first time, with a 71.21% increase of the same year.
According to sneresearch, in the first quarter of 2025, among the companies with global power cell loads of Top10, the Quantico was ranked sixth in terms of 7.7gwh ' s load, an increase of 86.6% over the same period, with a market share of 3.5%, an increase of 0.9 pct over the same period last year; moreover, in the list of international market power cell loads, excluding China and abroad, the Queens are listed in the list of international market loads.
The high-performance power of the company, battery products are widely used in Chirry, Gilly, Sniper, Upstream Mitsubishi, Chang-Ann, Vinfast, Rivian, etc.
Figure 27 International market load of 2024q1-2025q1
The overseas projects of Gokko are on the ground and are clearly accelerating. Overseas capacity building is continuing, with the four pack plant products in Germany, Indonesia, Thailand and Silicon Valley in the United States of America having been successfully offline, the Vietnamese power core plant has been put into production, the Slavak and Morocco's new energy cell production base projects are being prepared for start-up phase, and other overseas bases are being built.
The company’s strategic planning and market expansion abroad is progressing. The German Göttingen plant is officially operational, and the “German build” is officially launched by the Göttingen Battery. In July 2021, the Göring Göring concluded a formal agreement with the global leading industrial technology provider, the World Group, to complete its work on its location in Götin, Germany.
In only two years, the production base in Göttingen was officially inaugurated in September 2023, marking the successful landing of “German-made” state-made battery products and becoming the company's first battery plant overseas. According to the plan, the overall capacity of the Göttingen plant was set at 20 gwh, all of which was completed year after the project was completed.
In the future, the battery products produced by the plant will be widely used in a variety of end-use areas, including commercial motor batteries, storage systems solutions, and passenger power cells.
Cooperation agreements have been signed by five prominent enterprises, including material, abb, ebusco and ficosa, covering a number of key components such as battery material development, joint product development, car preparation and supply of energy battery systems, further expanding the company ' s industrial ecology and customer base in Europe.
In November 2022, the battery plant, which was built by Khun Gao, in cooperation with Ving Group of Viet Nam, was inaugurated in the River Silent Economic Development Area of Viet Nam. The project was the first base for the production of phosphate lithium (lfp) batteries in Viet Nam, marking the localization of Khun Gao in the South-East Asian market.
By the end of the year, it was completed within 24 years, and in the future the plant will provide local battery support services for the Ving Group brand of a new energy car, Vinfast, to enhance battery self-sufficiency and efficiency with the industrial chain.
Nvgotion, a Thai joint venture set up jointly by Nuovoplus, held a ceremony at the Ruyung Siem Ream Oriental Industrial Park to delineate the first battery product, which marked the official production of the Thai plant. The downline of the battery was a lithium phosphate battery bag with a battery of 38 kwh, which could be continued up to 400 km with a class-a new energy vehicle.
According to the nvgotion, Thailand’s plant, with a planned annual production capacity of 2gwh, could be expanded to 8gwh/year depending on market requirements, mainly to serve the new energy car market in Thailand and the ASEAN region. The plant is also the first indigenous power cell pack project in Thailand.
In December 2024, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs officially announced two major overseas investment projects to build two new lithium batteries with an annual capacity of 20 gwh in Slovakia and Morocco, respectively. The combined total investment for the two projects was about Euro2,514 million (approximately RMB 19.1 billion equivalent).
The project in Slovakia is a battery super plant, located in the western city of the country, and is expected to be built for no more than three years, and will be invested and operated by the company ' s stockholdings, Gib. The project will not only further strengthen the company ' s manufacturing in the Central and Eastern European region of Europe.
Capacity, and it is expected to become an important supply base for Europe’s new energy vehicle and storage markets. Pre-positioning, popular support, and the steady landing of American factories; and strong support for U.S. access to the United States market by the close collaboration of the U.S.U.U.U.S.U.U.S. is located in Silicon Valley, California, as early as 2014.
The early layout provided a solid foundation for the smooth landing of U.S. capacity. According to U.S. Inflation Reduction Act (ira), in July 2017, the country established the Cleveland Research Centre in Ohio, which focused on the development of electrolytes.
As a matter of fact, the building of indigenous capacity in the United States will help it to take the lead in benefiting from the incentive policies of the United States market to further expand its global operations. The Fremont factory in California landed on December 21, 2023, when it was located in the United States.
The factory in Fremont, California, in Silicon Valley, was successfully offline with the first battery pack. The factory had a planned annual production capacity of 1 gwh, the first battery pack line in the US market. It was supported by a domestic lithium power plant manufacturer, Lijung. The plant mainly produced 3 kwh to 30 kwh capacity.
In October 2022, the U.S. subsidiary, Gotioninc, of Illinois, announced that it would invest in the construction of a battery material plant in Big River City, Michigan. The total investment in the project was 2,364 million.
The United States dollar (approximately RMB 16.9 billion) plans to produce 150,000 tons of battery positive materials annually, and plans to build two plants for the production of battery negative materials. The project is scheduled to start in four phases in 2024 and will be completed in 2031.
Illinois Super Plant: In September 2023, Günco announced that it would invest $2 billion (approximately RMB 14.7 billion) in the construction of an electric car battery super-plant. The plant will produce a lithium battery of 10 gwh and a lithium battery core of 40 gwh.
The state has also received support from the Eli Noi state government’s rev incentive project and is expected to be the first beneficiary of the “Investing in Illinois” fund, with an incentive of $536 million (approximately RMB 4 billion).
3.3 There has been a steady increase in R & D investment, with solid battery products leading the way in the eight largest research and development centres around the world, where research and development has been integrated.
There are more than 3,000 R & D workers, of whom Dr. Yu is 70%, creating more than 10,000 global proprietary technologies covering the entire chain of batteries, which have been set as the world’s premier point for mass cars. There are national Enterprise Technology Centers, National Cnas Accreditation Testing Experiment Centers,
At the same time, it has established good cooperation with higher educational and scientific institutions, such as the Chinese Academy, the Central University, the New Gabo National University, the Nanyang Polytechnic University, Columbia University, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, the Agon National Laboratory of the United States and the Berkeley National Laboratory.
Trinity Chemical, scienlab, etc., have worked closely together to solve the problem of power cell technology by conducting research in the areas of battery materials, battery formation technology and battery management systems.
The main categories include polymers, oxides, and sulphides. The most rapidly developed polymer solid electrolyte is the more mature technology, the first commercial applications to move forward, and small-scale production has been achieved, but there are shortcomings such as low conductivity, chemical stability, low performance caps and, to date, no large-scale roll-out of applications; and the sequestered electrolyte parties.
Face performance is fairly balanced and progressing faster, but the conductivity is lower than the sulphur. Sulphur solid electrolyte, because of its good processing performance and very high ion conductivity, is considered to be a strong competitor in a fully solid lithium battery, is the most suitable for electric vehicles, with high commercial potential, but research is difficult.
A more compatible and economic “polymer plus oxide” semi-stabilized battery technical route, with all-stabilized technical routes of sulphides. The first fully-stabilized cell, “Goldstone”, was launched 24 years ago by the high-temperature department of the State, with an energy density of 350wh/kg, 3,000 times.
Circulation. On May 17, 2024, IKHK launched a full-state solid cell, a gold stone cell, using a sulfide route line. IKHK team uses micronacid solid electrolysis, ultra thin film cover single crystals, and three-dimensional silicon negative poles. Technological breakthroughs at the end of full-solid battery material.
Solid-state power cores can achieve energy density up to 350wh/kg, with a volume energy density of 800wh/l, which rises by more than 40% compared to the three-dimensional lithium cells in the mainstream, and a core cycle of up to 3,000 times. At safe side degrees Celsius, they provide a higher level of security for electric cars, marking a battery technology safety dimension for electric vehicles.
In addition, a battery system based on goldstone batteries has a mass formation rate of 80%, with a system energy density of 280wh/kg. On April 16, 2025, the high school of Kumong indicated that it had successfully developed a car-grade, solid-state finished core of “Goldstone Battery” and that it was expected to achieve a small batch production and loading test in 2027.
On 16th of the day, the Global Science and Technology Conference 2025 was held in Kuo High, where the progress of the “Goldstone” fully solid-state battery was announced. The first solid-state experiment line was officially operational, with 100% of the wire developed autonomously, with a capacity of 0.2gwhh designed to produce as much as 90% of the good product through key technologies such as high-precision coatings. Ion conductivity of the sulphide electrolysis was raised by 60%, and air stability was stabilized.
There has been a significant increase in sex and a major breakthrough in the agular capacity of both positive and negative material. As a result, the single capacity of the gold-stone battery has been raised by 150%, the pre-strength has fallen by 90%, there are severe tests of needle-tightness, hot cases, outer shortness, overcharges, squeezes, etc., safety features.
On May 17, 2025, in the course of its Global Science and Technology Conference, the Unit officially launched a new generation of quasi-solid-state battery products, the “g-temperature”g battery.
The new product is a large volume square core of 197ah, with a high ratio of more than 300wh/kg, an increase in aggregate energy density of more than 36% compared to the current homogenous liquid battery system, and a significant advantage in the ability to continue the voyage, which is expected to continue the pure electric sedan.
G-altitude solid cells show good performance not only in terms of energy performance, but also in terms of longevity and safety. They have a design life of 10 years or 500,000 km, and they have a series of structural and material innovations.
For example, in the extreme puncture test, the battery remained stable without fire or explosion, and was designed to be in a nano-grade bulletproof vest. In addition, model number 001, which carried the core, had accumulated more than 10,000 kilometres of operation for its actual response.
In terms of production capacity and market expansion, the NHC has planned a para-stabilized battery production line of 12 gwh per year, which has been delivered to more than five customers and has reached the vehicle end-test stage for more than four customers.
At the technical level, g-altitude solid battery sets have been the product of a number of industry leading technologies, compared to traditional liquid electricity.
The ponds rely on electrolytic fluids for ion transport, using a solid electrolyte from a closed-hole structure, with ion transport numbers close to the theoretical upper limit (approx. 100%), well above the liquid system (generally 0.3 to 0.4%), which effectively improves the electrochemical performance of the battery as a whole.
In response to the risk of high-heat loss of nickel material, the company introduced multiple protection mechanisms, including the mixing of stable particles in materials.
To stabilize the oxygen crystal structure. Use the free radicals in the solid electrolysis to capture drift-off oxygen. Disable contact between oxidizing and regenerative gases by designing isolation mechanisms, and systematically increase thermal stability and the level of primary safety.
Power operations: 1) Volume of goods delivered: Considerable volume of goods sold by co-operable customers, fast volume of commercial vehicles, accompanied by the German public abroad, and solid support for the higher volume of goods delivered, so we expect public interest rates for 2025/2026/2027: ratio of inputs generated by the increase in the volume of goods delivered by companies to the higher volume of output generated by the increase in direct traffic
The increase supports the Māori rate, and the increase in the proportion of Māori power module delivery will give further impetus to Māori ratio: 1) in terms of volume: taking into account the steady increase in global demand for electrical and chemical storage capacity and the growth of the company ' s capacity at 75/40/35 per cent. 2) in terms of Māori rate: the scale effect of the high volume of corporate output released.
The output of inputs resulting from the increase in the rate of direct access supports the Māori rate rather than the increase, the performance of the new product is significantly enhanced, the average price is supported, the power core and system overseas delivery are boosted by the volume price, and we expect the transmission and distribution business: the non-core business, which is shrinking as the battery business rises.
The transmission and distribution business has a relatively high rate of price volatility in raw materials: the current upstream price rewinds, which may lead to higher prices in the future if raw materials-related capacity is not released as expected.
Downstream demand is not as high as expected: after the downturn in domestic and foreign new energy subsidy policies, the growth in the volume of new energy vehicles sold or the lack of competition in the industry may have an impact on company performance if the battery industry competes more and the price of the product drops more than expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.