In the era of tax-exempt gold, the dragon's head must rise with the same wind.
China is exempt from tax on pre-existing gold extraction and the expansion of its size creates a dominant position. The only company in the country that has a full-size, duty-free operating license, such as the island, airport, city, and abroad, first issues the Bureau, and then buys and buys out.
In 19 years, China’s tax-free market is expected to be 56.4 billion, with a capr of 26.1% in the last three years.
In recent years, good policies have been put in place, which have led to a significant easing of the tax-exempt and off-island tax-exempt amount.  Future outlook: the size of consumption outside the country and the space for consumption return are huge.
It clearly states that “actively guides the return of overseas consumption.” China’s consumer consumption of luxury goods outside its borders is large, and the trend is clear, with Ban’s expected domestic consumption of luxury goods rising from 23 per cent to 50 per cent in 2025, and it is estimated that the tax-free incremental space through the return of luxury goods will be at least zero.
The annual tax-free sales amounted to $10,174 million (+30.92%) and contributed more than 30% of the company’s performance and profits were strong. In June of 20 years, the company acquired exemption from the sea, improved the layout of duty-free off-island operations and owned the current sea.
(b) Airports: Extension M & As Card Positions Airports are tax-free, occupying the three main hubs in the north and more than 50 per cent of the country ' s incoming and outgoing arrivals, with a strong customer resource base and an advantage in the size of the procurement;
1. Chinese Travel (601888): 19 through 3) Intra-city shops: top-level designs are designed to promote consumer expansion, insist on serving people outside China and me.
The country’s tax-exempt stores are very important, and the country’s tax-exempt stores are very popular.
4. On-line operations: the epidemic is pushing towards the development of duty-free electric power providers, with 50 per cent of sales on-line. Performance is as expected, with tax-free taps  space measurements: based on passenger flow and unit pricing assumptions, the airport duty-free space is expected to reach 64 billion in 2025
The size of the tax exemption in the city amounts to 67.4 billion yuan, and the size of the exemption from the island is expected to exceed 180 billion yuan.
The long-term view of the tax-exempt industry as a huge increment space, the firm position of the head of the public, and the strong long-term competitive advantage, are expected to move up to the “buy-in” rating.
China is exempt from tax on pre-emptive gold mining, the expansion of its size creates a dominant position of 1.1. The sole tax-exempt operator with a full licence, a strong management team and a strong focus on tax-exempt owners was established in 2008 with a two-wheel drive of “Travel agency plus tax exemption” with a national hotel and a central exemption.
In 2011, the company took control of the Hainan Island tax-exempt policy and opened China's first off-island tax-free shop – the tax-free shop in Sanya City. In 2014, the Sanya International tax-exempt city opened its first offshore tax-free shop – the Angkor tax-free shop in Cambodia. Since 2017, the company has been operating 51% of China and 51% of China's M & A days.
In 2019, the company stripped the country’s General Hotel, focusing on tax-exempt owners. After the formal acquisition of 51% of the shares in 2020, all four offshore duty-free stores in China’s current stock became operational in June, with a multilayered tax-exempt system in place.
The company’s corporate securities are officially changed from China’s travel brigade to China’s tax-exempt business, reflecting the strategic direction for the future, which is focused on tax-exempt operations. The company’s transition from China’s decoupling to China’s corporate development has been supported by a strong background.
By the end of 2019, the company was effectively controlled by the State Finance Committee of the State Council, and the China Tourism Group held 53.3% of the company’s shares. The strong corporate background enhanced the company’s ability to operate, and the help company became the only one in the country to own the island, the airport, and the airport.
The management team has a great deal of experience with duty-free operations. At present, most executives of companies have long-term job experience, have a deep understanding and experience of tax-free operations, lead companies in their transformation and upgrading, and contribute to the consolidation and consolidation of resources.
1.2. Profit performance is bright, performance at Sanya Bay + North High Airport is steady and growth is steady, and profit performance is high after the focus on tax exemption. Corporate revenue is 21.29 billion in 2015.
In 19 years, the rate of growth fell to 2.04% in the same year. With a high rate of Maori duty-free retailing, the reverse development reflects business resilience, with 20q2 performing well. The number of customers below the tax-free line increased significantly by 53%; the net return was negative from one quarter to $1.05 billion (+6.6%).
The tax-exempt operation after the stripping of the National General Hotel was more than 90%, and the Sanya Sea Bay + North Airports contributed more than 70 million, or 95.5%. Of the tax-exempt operations, Sanya International and Shanghai Airports and Beijing Airports combined contributed 74% of their income in 19 years, with Sanya International Free City and Shanghai Airport contributing 40% of their net return.
2. Tax-free industry: high growth of the gold track, large scope for return-to-consumption duty-free markets worldwide, airport duty-free shops becoming the most popular consumer scene Import chain value-added tax and consumer duty imports and tax-free or duty-free (value-added tax, consumer tax) entry
Tax shops sell domestically-produced goods, with a clear price advantage. Tax-free supply channels are consistent with and short circulation channels are popular with consumers. Global duty-free markets continue to grow, and are expected to outpace $80 billion in size.
Tourism boomed, with the size of the global duty-free market for 2000-2018 increasing from $20 billion to $79 billion, with annual compound growth of more than 8.4%, and rising to $81.8 billion in 2019, according to the projections of generative research. From Europe, the focus shifted gradually to Asia and the Pacific, the Asia-Pacific region has become the most important engine of growth in recent years.
After the 1980’s, with the rise of four Asian dragons, Asian firms, such as dfs, Xianxian tax exemption, neo-Novo tax exemption, and China’s tax-exempt group, entered the market.
The size of the duty-free market in the Asia-Pacific region has been on the rise. The Asia-Pacific region increased its tax-free sales complex by 12 per cent from 20 per cent to 45 per cent globally in 2000-2017, providing a strong growth boost for the global tax-free industry. In 2018, the Asia-Pacific region registered $38.8 billion in tax-free sales, an increase of 23.3 per cent, or 49 per cent.
The most popular products are perfumed, and the airport duty-free stores contribute the most. As tax-free developments mature, tax-free goods are becoming more diversified in terms of product categories and scenes, ranging from tobacco and alcohol to luxury goods, perfume, food, etc. The airports, aircraft to ships, municipal duty-free shops, etc., operate in many forms.
About 40 per cent of duty-free sales, up 23.5 per cent; airport-free channels dominated by 53 per cent. Global concentration of duty-free industries continued to rise from 16 to 18 years. According to the Moody report, Swiss operators dufry, Korean Operators of Leisure Day and Sinoe in 2018 ranked in full by €7687 million, €60.93 and €54.77, respectively.
China has been the fourth largest tax-free operator in the world in 18 years, as tax-exempt operations have continued at a rapid pace in recent years. On the other hand, the global tax-exempt industry’s scale effect has led to a clear trend of competitive advantage, with a gradual increase in the duty-free markets of cr5, cr10, and cr25 in 16-18 years, and a rising trend in concentration.
2.2. China ' s duty-free industrial policy is based on a license plate of Wang, with China ' s top championing of the free market estimated at 56.4 billion yuan in 2019, with a steady increase in the number of exits and exits leading to tax-free exports of hundreds of millions yuan and an increase in cagr of 22.2 per cent between 2010 and 2019.
With a high growth rate of 11.67 per cent, the tax-free sector continued to grow directly. In 2019, the number of trips out of the country reached 155 million, exceeding the number of trips in the country. According to the World Tourism Organization, the number of trips out of China in 2027 will reach 300 million, or 20 per cent.
The country, with $277 billion in expenditure per capita in 2018 and more than $1,800 per person, has a huge demand for consumption that will provide a solid basis for the dynamic development of tax-free markets. Policy attributes are strong, and operators are central to the tax-free industry.
The four main ministries of the Ministry of Finance, as tax-exempt policy makers, define the quality, limits, type and quantity of goods purchased by consumers at the demand level, and the establishment and bidding of duty-free shops at the supply level. In the tax-free industrial chain, duty-free suppliers provide tax-free goods to operators, who sell them at a cost-added price to consumers.
Since 2016, a number of national initiatives have supported tax-free development, the return of overseas consumption, the construction of an autonomous port of Hainan, the expansion of consumer content, the encouragement of the development of inner-city shops, the development of an off-shore island.
Policies have been introduced to promote industrial co-opportunity, to fully open the tax-free incremental space, to introduce more participants, and to further activate the market. Domestic tax-free licences are scarce, and only eight duty-free operators are currently operating.
Camps and centralization are regulated, strictly regulated, and licence plates are scarce, making it difficult to obtain them. The main domestic operators are China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Hong Kong, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
In May of 20, the company was officially exempt from mergers and acquisitions, and assuming a combined exemption from China’s revenues by mid-2019, the rate was 91%, well above that of other domestic operators. The company is currently the only tax-exempt operator in the country, and is the most complete and single-country zero.
2.3. Future outlook: the size of consumption outside the country and the space for policy support to boost consumption flows. The 13th Five-Year Plan clearly states that “consumption will boost the economy by increasing consumption”.
The Ministry of Commerce, the Development and Rehabilitation Board and the Health and Welfare Board jointly issued a circular on support for the resumption of business operations in tradable enterprises in the second half of March 2020, which states that “to promote the return of consumption abroad, to complement the Ministry of Finance's efforts to improve tax-free shop policies, to promote the return of foreign consumption through the establishment of new tax-exempt enterprises, etc.”
As a result of the epidemic, international flights have been suspended in large areas and restricted from leaving the country, and there is an objective opportunity to promote spill-oriented consumption back into the domestic market, with consumption returning just as it is right. Expatriate consumption is large, and reflow trends are clear.
The share of the country’s luxury market rose from 1% in 2000 to 33% in 2018, and in 18 years it cost about 500 billion yuan. With the combined effect of the Chinese government’s lowering of import tariffs, increased regulation of grey markets, and the continuous adjustment of domestic and foreign market price differentials in the major luxury markets, China has been losing more and more.
In 2018, China’s consumer consumption of luxury goods rose from 23% in 2015 to 27%, Bene is expected to reach 50% in 2025, while China’s population as a whole’s luxury goods policy has been accompanied by a structural upgrading of support products or a breakthrough in the area of luxury goods.
With the elimination of the quota limit, high-end best products such as box bags, watches, etc. will benefit significantly by opening up the sales space quickly, accelerating the upgrading of the off-island duty-free product structure, moving to luxury goods, and enjoying the consumption-reflux space. Under the neutral scenario, take into account the share of global duty-free sales in global luxury sales in 2015 and 2018.
21/26 per cent, respectively, assuming that China ' s tax-free share of China ' s luxury goods consumption rose to 35 per cent in 2025, versus 3. Tax-exempt leader: multi-level + multi-channel 3 tax-exempt system, building long-term competitive advantage Out-of-island + airport + city multi-operative layout, full-sized tax-free leader.
Over 30 years of rapid development, more than 240 duty-free shops have been established in over 30 provinces, cities, autonomous regions (including Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan) and Cambodia, covering airports, aircraft, borders, passenger stations, railway stations, foreign-wheel supply, diplomats, cruise ships and nine types of intra-city companies, with more than 1,000 world-renowned brands.
Sales channels cover major domestic hubs such as Beijing Airport, Shanghai Airport, Guangzhou Airport, Hangzhou Airport, the Asia-Pacific International Airport such as Hong Kong Airport, Macau Airport, and the off-island duty-free shops such as Sanya International Free City, Haiguchi Moon Square, which provide duty-free services to nearly 200 million domestic and foreign tourists each year.
3.1. Departure from the island: tax-free, high-quality points, directly benefiting from the de-island policy 3.1.1. Tria Sea Bay store: c-post flow, merit-based performance is clear, leaving the island as a core of duty-free land.
As a single-size, large-scale and internationally branded free shop, the Sanya Sea Bay Free Mall has a total area of approximately 120,000 square metres and a commercial area of 72,000 square metres, the only off-island free shop in Sanya today, attracting 22.87 million trips in 19 years.
The rise in unit price + penetration has contributed to the rapid growth of tax-free income in Sanya Bay. In 17-19, the rate of penetration of Sanya Bay shopping increased steadily, reaching 9 per cent in 19 years, significantly higher than the rate of penetration in the South China as a whole.
More than 20 per cent, reaching 10,174 million (+30.92 per cent) in 19 years. 16 years of suspended cooperation with travel agencies, the number of people shopping in Sanya Bay fell from 1.01 million to 970,000, resulting in a significant drop in tax-exempt income from 23.6 per cent to 10.7 per cent. The Sanya Bay support company performed more than 30 per cent of its performance and made a strong profit.
The net return to the shop rose from 473 million to 1.42 billion, and Cagr to 31.7 per cent, except for 16 years, the net contribution of the Sanya Sea Bay to the Middle East was higher than 30 per cent.
In January 2019, the State Finance Committee of Hainan Province transferred 51 per cent of the sea exemption to the China Tourist Group, the shareholders of the company, without compensation; in March 2019, in order to avoid competition between their counterparts, China Tourism Group signed an Agreement on Transfer of Equity between the company and the company and Hai exempt, under which it was agreed that the company would be entrusted with the management of the Sea Free Company.
On 8 May 2020, Hainan, the company’s wholly-owned grandson, was to acquire 51% of China’s tourism group’s shares in cash on a non-public agreement basis, at a price of 2,065 million yuan, and it is expected that China will be able to increase its profitability by taking advantage of its bargaining advantage with branders.
Sea-port tourism markets are significant in size and provide the basis for a tax-free market. Sea-free companies are the leading duty-free marketing companies in Hainan, with a revenue of $3.23 billion in 19 and a net gain of $260 million for their mothers.
To improve the layout of the off-island tax-exempt business, and consolidate the company’s position. China has a 51% share in the Seagate American Airport tax-free shop.
All four offshore duty-free stores in China’s stock. Thanks to the remarkable pre-existing advantage of the long-deep South China tax-free market, the pre-positioning of high-quality duty-free positions has benefited directly from Hainan’s policy, and tax-free leadership has been further consolidated.
The tax-free market at the Sanya Sea Bay Airport is stable, and the price of the Maroon Airport is very high. The airport was first opened, contributing more than 20% of the tax-free sales from Hainan Island in 15-18 years. Two new duty-free shops opened in 19 that resulted in a partial diversion of consumers.
The tax-exempt revenue contribution at American Airport has fallen to 17 per cent. The market at Sun City Square, Joan Hae-Bok's tax-free shop has been opened for one year at a rate of 2,662 yuan per person, 5,546 dollars per person.
Since 2011, we have officially launched a tax-exempt era. Seven changes have been made to the tax-exempt policy on Hainan Island, which has continuously eased tax-free shopping lines and class restrictions. In June 2020, Hainan Island's tax-exempt New Deal Land was vastly wide, and the amount of duty-free shopping has been raised from $30,000 to $100,000 per person per year, while the number of duty-free products from the island has been increased from 38 to 100,000.
Increase to 45 new electronic consumer products, alcohol (excluding white wine), etc.; elimination of a single commodity exemption of $8,000; and significant reduction in the number of categories of goods subject to individual purchases.
On 1 June 2020, the Central Chinese Republic and the State Council issued the General Programme for the Construction of the Hainan Free Trade Port, which aims to move to full implementation of the Hainan Free Trade Port, with a clear scope for implementation throughout Hainan Island. With regard to customs duties, by 2025, preparations were made for customs clearance operations and a positive list of “zero tariffs” was introduced. After 2025, the island was sealed.
In terms of tax policy, the tax policy is reduced by 15% for industrial enterprises registered at Hainan Trade Port and operating substantially.
From 12 to 19 years, the volume of duty-free sales in Hainan Island rose from 2.3 billion to 13.6 billion, with an average annual compound growth rate of 28.9 per cent and an annual increase of 34.8 per cent in 19 years. The number of purchases in Hainan Province increased from 1.12 million in 12 years to 3.84 million in 19 years, with penetration rising from 3.4 per cent to 5.6 per cent.
From 1 to 27 July, the first month of the Henan New Deal, customs supervised 2.22 billion duty-free sales off the island and 281,000 shopping passengers, each increasing by a dollar/person over the same period last year. The New Deal will continue to open up room for single-price growth, promoting the upgrading of the product structure to high-end commodities.
3.2. Airport: Extended and purchased cardboard airport free of charge, occupying the three main hubs in the north
Between 15 and 19 years, the number of passengers at our civil aviation transport airport rose steadily, with a combined annual rate of 10 per cent for passengers on international and regional routes, reaching 167 million in 19 years. As a gateway to regional economic growth and an infrastructure for urban development, the airport pooled its best resources and dominated tax-free operations.
The airport’s tax-exempt revenue has contributed significantly to the company’s position as a hub hub north of the country. For 18 years, the airport’s tax-exempting has gradually gone beyond duty-free operations off the island and became the largest source of tax-exempt revenue for companies, up to three locations north of the country in 19
According to the latest national airport catalogue, the company’s airports are located in one type of airport, with a high volume of international and commercial passenger traffic and traffic hubs, and a significant number of incoming and outgoing cities.
3.2.1. Shanghai Airport: Area advantage opened up incremental space and performed well. In March 2018, the fully-owned subsidiary of the company acquired 51 per cent of Shanghai ' s share in Shanghai with $1.505 billion in cash, with the aim of further expanding its duty-free market share. Shanghai, Shanghai, July 2018
As the previous contract had not yet expired, the duty-free entry and exit contract at Pudong Airport was for the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2025; the contract for the S1 and S2 Satellite Office was for the period from inception to 31 December 2025.
For the duration of the field contract, the base sales were raised to $41 billion, amounting to $5.86 billion per year; for the term of the Rainbow Bridge airport contract, the bottom sales were increased to $2,071 million, amounting to $300 million per year. In terms of the rate of deductions, the rate at Shanghai airport was 42.5 per cent, the rate at which the department goods were withheld was 25 per cent, and the rate at which the perfume, alcohol, tobacco and food items were withheld was 45 per cent.
Shanghai Airport has a strong customer resource base and procurement-scale effect, and its performance is impressive. The flow of incoming and outgoing passengers to and from Shanghai Podong International Airport and Rainbow Bridge International Airport has increased from 300 million in 15 years to 400 million in 19 years, accounting for more than 20% of the country and stable passenger flows.
Suppliers have maintained good cooperative relationships, and the ability to negotiate with the advantage of the size of the procurement is evident. In March 18, Shanghai airport was exempted from $1 billion/449 million, contributing 15 per cent and 10 per cent, respectively, to the net profits of the company, and the introduction of a new cut in 19 has led to a reduction in net interest rates from 4.5 per cent to 3 per cent, but will continue to make a high profit to the company for the long term.
Beijing Airport: “Two in one city” co-existed, with a higher rate of withholding than Shanghai Airport. In March 2017, in order to increase the chances of winning tax-free operations at the capital airport t2 and t3 terminal, the Chinese company was exempted from acquiring 51 per cent of China's shares on the day of the purchase of US$ 39 million in cash.
The first year of t2/t3 has a base cost of 830 million/22 million, with a combined rate of 47.5 per cent and 43.5 per cent higher than the Shanghai airport (42.5 per cent).
The base price of the base year for the first line is $230 million, of which 49 per cent for tobacco and alcohol commodities and 49 per cent for food products; $416 million for flavourization and fine-fixing; $416 million for prime-years; 46 per cent for perfumed goods and 20 per cent for refined goods.
17/18/19 Beijing airport tax-free shops generated a combined operating income of 43.1/73.9/85.9 billion yuan, while Japan's U.S. industry category in Japan is shown in figure 39: Annual increases in revenue from the capital + Daesing airport tax-free shop
Figure 40: Impact of withholding rates, lower profits in China in Japan, rising international passenger ratios at the capital airport, and co-development under the new “one city, two” pattern. The demand for travel continues to be strong, with steady and constant growth in passenger traffic at the capital airport in Beijing and in Hong Kong and Adotai.
Optimizing the operational structure, with an increase of 5.7 per cent/7.2 per cent/2.7 per cent in international passenger traffic in 17/18/19. In September 2019, the Magnificent Airport became operational, with some flights re-routing and the international + regional traffic at the Capital Airport slowing down.
The Hong Kong airport opened a new phase of internationalization in 2017, and the company has been exempt from tax-exempt projects for the entry of White Cloud Airport and the exit of t2.
The t1 exit duty-free shop is already in charge of operating. t2 before it was opened, the t1 entry point rate was 39%; t2 after it was opened, the deduction rate rose to 42%. t2 exit shop rights were negotiated and the deduction rate was reduced to 35%.
One hundred and sixty-five million yuan in operating income, corresponding to $5.07 billion and $3.61 billion in duty-free sales, has accelerated internationalization, with tax-free revenues still lagging behind Shanghai and Beijing airports. The proportion of passengers on inter-State routes at White Cloud Airport remained above 20 per cent in 17-19, reaching 17.94 million in 19 and international hubs have been built.
The reason for the historical design of the terminal is a combination of location factors, and there is still a large gap between international passenger traffic at White Cloud Airport and Shanghai Airport, where tax-free earnings are only 12% of Beijing Airport and 8% of Shanghai Airport for 18 years. With the opening of the t2 terminal, the size and location of the tax-free shop was more rational, and the tax-free shop at White Cloud Airport was collected in 19
The winning Hong Kong airport is moving towards internationalization. In April 2017, a joint venture with the world’s fourth largest tax-free operator, Lagdell Tourism Retail Ltd., won a strong competition.
From November 17 to September 24, 17, the Hong Kong Airport's tax-free license plate for the tobacco and water sections of the Hong Kong Airport covered eight shops with approximately 3.400 square metres of operating space, bringing together advantages and powerful channels to create a new global tax-free flag on tobacco and alcohol.
International and regional air hubs, connecting more than 190 destinations around the world, reached 71.154 million passengers in 2019. The winning bid, the Hong Kong airport ' s right to operate the tobacco, alcohol and water band, marked the company ' s first internationalized, large-scale free retail platform, a key step in internationalization.
With the influence of Hong Kong Airport channels and the size of the market, companies are expected to be able to negotiate duty-free goods, brand introduction, and profitability of passenger transport building No. 1 off the east wing (l6).
High-speed floor (l6) of the restricted area passenger block number one, north east lobby (nearly Sunday on flight 5) 3.3. In the city: pre-positioning of the vanguard, waiting for the policy catalyst to appear at 3.3.1.
For consumers, duty-free shops in the city can provide a wealth of products, a lot of shopping time, and all customers can visit them, with a good flow and marketing effect. For duty-free operators, they can provide lower rent costs than for airport duty-free shops, which are expected to lead to double income- and profit-side growth for operators.
At this stage, emigrants are not included in the municipal tax-exempt stores, where they are the main duty-free operators. Our intra-city stores are divided into duty-free shops for returnees and duty-free shops for exits, not for Chinese citizens with entry and exit records for 180 days.
At present, only Chinese and Chinese uniforms and Chinese immigrants have been granted municipal tax-free shop license plates. They operate 12 duty-free shops throughout the country for returnees, free of foreign residents whose main services have left the country.
The Ministry and the Ministry of Commerce, among others, have jointly issued an Operational Opinion on Promoting Consumer Inclusion and Accelerating the Creation of a Strong Domestic Market, proposing to maintain a policy of providing services to expatriates and my residents, improving the city’s duty-free shop policy, and establishing a number of duty-free stores in China’s special cities.
According to the Korean city shop policy, the city’s tax-exempt shop model may be used to purchase bills in pre-departure shops and pick up goods at the port of return. Also, in line with the pattern of duty-free sales by local Korean residents, the city’s tax-free stores account for about 50% of the local residents’ duty-free sales, and the city’s internal stores are open for development.
Low rents and high unit prices are expected to be a new growth point in the tax-free sector. 3.3.2. Free of active placements, new players continue to enter the market, and focus on the city-based shop project.
In Qingdao, Xiamen, Dalian, Beijing, Shanghai, and China, five city stores have been opened, effectively supplementing border exit duty-free shops and upgrading the tax-free shopping experience of expatriates and Hong Kong and Macao passengers.
The project, which involves companies actively working on organizational design, staffing, the establishment of a remuneration system, and pre-service training, provides support for the layout of shops in the city. The license plate or relaxing, activates tax-free activity in the city, and co-opts large markets.
In June of 20 years, Wang Guangyi was granted the qualification to operate tax-free goods. This is the first time since the 1980s that a new tax-free retail license plate has been officially approved, after Hainan Island’s tax-free policy.
The establishment of a tax-free company in the capital is expected to boost tax-free operations. On balance, tax-free policies in the city are expected to accelerate their landing.
In terms of its composition, Korea’s duty-free stores, airport-free shops and off-island duty-free shops contribute 80.5%-16.1%/3.4% of the market share, in contrast to 52.9% of the global market’s duty-free share.
In the short term, the license plates have been gradually liberalized, and companies have gained a clear advantage as full licence holders, so farming high-quality sites has not been affected. In the long run, consumption has been scaled up and returned from abroad, and new entrants are expected to expand China’s duty-free market space, absorbing the need for tax-free shopping that has not been absorbed.
In comparison with the gradual release of South Korea’s 13-16 tax-free license, the leading firms’ share of the city has stabilized at around 30%, benefiting from scale effects, and the Māori rate has not been reversed. The firm’s advantages are clear, tax-free business is experienced, strong barriers to competition are built, and the market’s share is stable.
3.4. Online channels: The epidemic has created new patterns, tax-free electricity companies have broken down their industries, and they have been active in creating new power suppliers.
Among them, the Hainan Repurchase platform, which is four days off the island, has sold $8 million, and has been online for $81.2 million a month. The Sanya International Free City has launched a series of promotional activities, including three 6 discounts for Ashlande, three 7.5 discounts for some brands, and five discounts for some single items.
In April 2020, the company opened two free-of-charge shops in the Sanya Mangrove Resort and Nansan tourist attraction areas, creating a bottom-up tax-free display and off-island purchases.
Between January and May 2020, the share of online sales increased from 10% to 50%. New online channels have led to a two-quarter performance, with a 5.4% increase in single-season revenue.
Financial analysis: the scale effect increases Māori, the future net profit increases the amount of corporate sales far ahead of the Hainan tax and bead exemption group. Over the past 18 years, this has been accompanied by an increase in tax-exempt sales as a share of income, an increase in purchasing bargaining power under the scale effect, and a greater Māori rate than 50 per cent for the sale of tax-free goods by companies.
The company’s net interest rate is lower than the Pearl Group and higher than Henan’s tax exemption. After 17 years, the company’s airport duty-free operation has been actively deployed, with a high rate of withholding and rental costs increasing from 1.9% in 15 years to 25.7% in 19 years, and sales costs from 15 years.
8.6% increased to 31% in 19 years, resulting in a high Māori rate for companies but a net interest rate of around 10%.
Figure 56: Significant increase in the cost of company sales
The net interest rate on corporate sales is at a low level, with the sea free of high leverage and high turnover, leading to high turnover, and the company’s strong profit-making advantage. In 2019, the company was 25,63%, slightly higher than its tax-exempt duty-free rate.
Firms operating robustly and with a low level of leverage are expected to reduce the rate of deductions in the future by taking a scale effect, improving storage efficiency through better supply chain management, and driving the rise in the roe level.
1. Airport + city duty-free: 1) The first half of 2020 was more pessimistic than previously anticipated in the market. According to International Air Transport (2), the airport ' s tax-free penetration rate is projected to increase slightly by 1 per cent per year, based on the average penetration rate in 2019.
The policy is expected to rise to $2,500 per person when it lands. The policy is followed by an increase in the price of one person per year, which is expected to reach the current rate of 6,000 yuan per person per person per person per house in Korea City by 2025. 1) The number of overnight visitors in Hainan is expected to return to 70% in the same period before the outbreak in July 2020, until December
The return to the epidemic, combined with the impact of the tourist season in Hainan, is expected to reach 120 per cent of overnight arrivals in the same period in 2019. The number of overnight visitors is expected to increase by 5 per cent in 2021 compared to 2019. Tourists in 2022-2025 were affected by the use of duty-free electricity suppliers on the line, with a tax-free penetration rate of 9.9 per cent in Hainan Island in the first half of 2020.
Release, elimination of postage taxes, liberalization or breakthroughs in the area of luxury goods, upgrading of product structure and enjoyment of billions, exemption from taxes on Hainan Island would amount to $181.2 million, and the total size of the duty-free market would exceed $300 billion.
Profit projection: Using passenger flow* penetration* unit price calculation method. Detailed breakdown of airport terminal buildings based on different withholding rates. 1) Tria Sea Bay: it is expected to climb in the second half of the year, taking into account the level of Sanya tourist traffic in the first half of 2020.
Periods, until December 20, recovered to 110% of the same level in the same period last year; penetration rates and unit prices were based on tax-exempt space measurements from Hainan Island, and historical data indicate that the price of the Sanya Sea Bay passenger unit/the island as a whole is stable at 130% left and right. The Triya Sea Bay revenue was calculated at $34,270 million in 22 years.
2) Shanghai Airport: The tax-exempt income distribution is based on the distribution of the Pudong Airport t1 and the Pudong Airport t2+ the Rainbow Bridge Airport. Beijing Airport: the tax-exempt income of the T3 terminal is calculated on the basis of data from Japan.
The projected tax-exempt revenue is expected to accrue to the airport, and revenue from the sale of goods is expected to reach $425,623,82.4 billion in 20-22 years, and from tourism services is expected to cease to generate revenue after 19 years of stripping out of the General House of the Nation.
3) Sea exempt list: by reference to the number of stopover visitors in the first half of the year and the volume of international passengers at Meran Airport, the projected number of passengers in 2020-2022 and the projected future level of passenger unit prices based on the relationship between the previous unit price and the overall passenger price in Hainan, the company is expected to generate $501,799,074 million in 2020-2022.
Investment proposals: Measuring the size of the tax-free market, which has a strong preponderant advantage and size effect, should benefit directly from the policy benefits. Consider the tax-free space in Hainan Island and the growth space in the city’s stores, based on a stable market share of profits, a policy dividend, multi-level + multi-channel tax-free system, and build a long-term competitive advantage.
The epidemic continues to cause macroeconomic volatility, leading to less than expected recovery of airport international and regional routes. The airport’s duty-free and intra-city duty-free operations are closely linked to the flow of incoming and outgoing passengers, and the ongoing spread of the epidemic may affect the flow of passengers and passengers.
There may be fluctuations in policies that affect companies’ operations. Tax-free industrial policies are outlined as affecting firm operations and development planning if intra-city shop policies fail to meet expectations. Industry competition increases risks.
There is a risk that the company’s market rate will be compromised by issuing license plates that encourage new competitors to enter. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has the Securities Investment Advisory Board.