In July, sales rose by 240 per cent, excluding tax-exempt income from or close to $30 billion a year — the China-China no-track rating increased tax-free sales from the island by 8.6 billion to 30 per cent in the first half of the year, with a significant increase of 145 per cent in q2
According to the Hainan Province Bureau of Statistics, during the first half of the year, the province-wide tax-free retail sales of 8,572 million yuan, an increase of 30.7 per cent over the previous year, far exceeding market expectations. On a quarterly basis, 29.78 per cent of duty-free sales off the island are mainly affected by the epidemic. In the second quarter, the Henan tourist industry was lifted, and five-and-a-half-day vacations were added.
The willingness to travel and shopping has grown considerably, with tax-free sales and a monthly rise in the speed of the epidemic. Of this amount, sales in April amounted to $1,318 million, an increase of 64 per cent, while sales in May amounted to $1,977 million, and tax-exempt policies in July increased by 240 per cent.
The introduction of the New Deal for Exemption from the Islands since 1 July has given rise to the enthusiasm for duty-free consumption, which is one of the lowest/highest in the year: the scale of the sale has increased rapidly. In July, the Hainan Extrem Stores achieved a total of about $2.5 billion in duty-free sales.
Sales amounted to $700 million, a five-fold increase, up to 28 per cent; mobile phones were the champions of new product sales, not needed, accounting for 66 per cent of total new product sales; cosmetics, mobile phones, etc., were expected to be close to 30 billion duty-free sales from the island throughout the year, more than a factor of one.
Three quarters are at the peak of the summer season, four quarters of the gold week and the end of the year of two times eleven major sales events, all of which have contributed to a doubling of duty-free sales off the island in the second half of the year. Based on the scale of tax-free sales in the preceding six months, it is estimated that $21 billion will be tax-free in the second half of the year, based on the current rate of increase.
Tax-free sales are expected to be close to $30 billion a year, an increase of more than one-fold. The tax-free industry still has more than 10 times the size of its growth space within five years of the policy dividend, and companies are the biggest beneficiaries, with long-term high-performance benefits from tax-free New Deal, faster growth, longer-performing cows, and maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
With a significant increase of 145 per cent in duty-free sales off the island in the second quarter, a 240 per cent increase in sales following the introduction of the tax-free New Deal in July, and an alarming increase in sales of luxury goods and mobile phones, we further revised China ' s profit-free forecast and projected a significant increase in annual performance of 2020-07-19.
In the case of China, tax-free operations are in the gold track, the Yangtze industry; growth is accelerating, and the ox is performing.
The tax business 2020-06-18 has the potential to increase market value in the future.
Change long-term corporate growth logic 2020-06-151 and duty-free sales off the island in the first half of the year of $8.6 billion, an increase of 30 per cent compared to 1.1 per cent, duty-free sales off the island q1 drop by 30 per cent and a significant increase of 145 per cent in q2
According to the Hainan Department of Statistics, duty-free sales were 30% above market expectations. In the first half of this year, duty-free sales across the province increased by 30.7% compared to 8,572 million yuan in the first half of the year, resulting in an increase of more than 30% in duty-free sales in the first half of the year, significantly exceeding market expectations.
This also shows that the country’s strong demand for duty-free consumption has not declined as a result of the epidemic, but rather in the promotion and eradication of the epidemic. Tax-free sales have fallen by 30% in the first quarter and increased significantly by 145% in the second quarter. On a quarterly basis, tax-free sales off the island have fallen by 2,978 million yuan, or 30.3% in the same year; and on a second quarter, $5,594 million, or 144.6% in the same year.
The decline in the first quarter is mainly due to the impact of the epidemic. Since the outbreak of the new crown in late January, the Hainan Ex-Island tax-free shop has been temporarily closed and reopened on February 10th. However, the tourist's willingness to travel has been extremely low, with more than 80% of flights and shopping times, but there has been a drop in the Chinese market of Sanya, Haiguchi, Haiguchi airport and Bojang.
The stores, which have promoted online sales and promotions, have reduced duty-free sales by only 30 per cent during the first quarter of the year, better than the projected 2019h1 quarterly duty-free sales out of the island and the rate of increase 1.2 and 2 quarters out of the epidemic, tax-free sales and a monthly increase in the rate of increase.
In the second quarter, Henan travel was removed, and several long holidays, such as the festivals of Cingming, May 1 and midday, were added, and the tax-free sales of $2.287 billion in the second quarter of the year were nearly 1.5 times higher. The second quarter was out of the epidemic, with tax-free sales and a month-on-month increase.
Tax-free sales only recovered gradually, and we focused on the growth of duty-free sales in Hainan Island in April/June. According to Hainan Province Bureau of Statistics and Hainan Province Customs, in April Hainan Island tax-free sales amounted to $1,318 million, an increase of 64 per cent; in May, Hainan Island tax-free sales amounted to $1,977 million, an increase of 147.9 per cent; and in June,
Sean Island tax-free sales rose by 235 per cent from 2,299 million yuan in April-June, rising rapidly from 1.3 billion in April to 2.3 billion in June, and by the same year from 64 per cent in April to 6 per cent.
Twenty-five percent of the month. This means that the duty-free approach has not only escaped the effects of the epidemic, but also, under a variety of initiatives, such as repurchases, online sales, promotional activities, and consumer vouchers, there has been a marked increase in tax-free consumption since the second quarter, and the sale of all types of tax-exempt products has been significantly better than in previous years.
The tax-free New Deal for the second quarter of the year and the speed of the increase, which was 2.5 billion dollars in July, increased by 240 per cent in the same month, has been in effect since 1 July, and the tax-free New Deal for the island has been extended from 30,000 to 100,000 yuan and 8,000 per unit.
The elimination of postage taxes on merchandise, increased sales of electronic products such as mobile phones, increased single purchases of cosmetics from 12 to 30 items, and the elimination of single purchases of all duty-free goods other than cosmetics and mobile phones and alcohol, and the significant liberalization of duty-free off-island policies, further stimulating tax-free consumption by the people of the country, and the rapid scale of duty-free sales
According to statistics from the Hainan financial sector, between 1 and 31 July of this year, four tax-free shops in Hainan Province achieved tax-free sales of approximately $2.5 billion, or 240 per cent more than the same year; per capita consumption of $5527, or 700 million more than the same year, or 38,000 more than the same year, or an increase of 503 per cent and 339 per cent respectively;
In July 2019, July 2020, tax-free sales of goods with a unit price of over $8,000 were 2.2, mobile phones sold to 54.1 million monthly, and they were the champions of new product sales, accounting for 66%, and mobile phones were the champions of new product sales, accounting for 66%.
Of the $8.97 million sold, 3.2 per cent of the total sales, the three most popular new categories are portable electronics such as mobile phones, alcohol and tablet computers, with sales accounting for 66 per cent, 22 per cent and 7 per cent of total sales of new items, respectively, and combined for 95 per cent of new sales.
As a result, the sale of mobile phone products in July was 54.1 million yuan, with an average daily sale of 1.74 million yuan. Four duty-free shops on mobile phones were forced to take temporary measures to limit the purchase of one each.
The scale of sales of mobile phone products is expected to continue to expand rapidly following further improvements in the availability of supplies.Figure 5: Three new products in July as a proportion of new duty-free sales
2.3 Prices such as cosmetics, mobile phones, etc. are lower than in the offshore market by 10-20%, and sales of hot and hot cosmetics, mobile phones, etc. Price advantages are highlighted and sales are far higher than expected.
Moreover, when electronics, such as mobile phones, become duty-free, their sales continue to flare up, selling at about 20% below the domestic market and about 12% below the Hong Kong market, and the attraction of the price advantage allows for a second-hand view of the volume of mobile phones sold in duty-free shops, which is far more than expected.
3 - Free from duty-free sales on the island is expected to be close to 30 billion a year, an increase of more than one-fold, and 2.5 billion dollars for duty-free sales on the island in the first month of July, compared with 240%. This is also achieved in the event of insufficient supply of high-end luxury goods, mobile phones, etc.
The volume of supplies has further increased and their sales will continue to expand rapidly in the coming months. Moreover, from the external environment of duty-free sales off the island in the second half of the year, three quarters are at the peak of summer tourism, and there are major sales events such as 11 gold weeks in the fourth quarter and two 11 at the end of the year, all of which will facilitate duty-free sales off the island in the second half of the year.
Thus, at the same rate of increase in sales of over 200 per cent in June-July and the tax-exit policy dividend effect, we expect to double the size of duty-free sales off the island in the second half of the year to reach $21 billion ($70 billion x 3) and $7 billion in duty-free sales off the island in the second half of 2019.
The above calculation logic is based on the tax-free sales size of the preceding six months, estimated at the current rate of increase, for the second half of the year, thus increasing the total volume of sales throughout the year. This is in line with the previous Hainan administration’s tax-free sales of the entire year off the island.
On May 6, Hainan Province launched its "Observation on further extra-conventional initiatives to ensure the achievement of the year-round economic goals " , which proposed "a new deal to actively promote duty-free exit from the island" and "a new policy to accelerate duty-free shopping off the island."
The Chinese government's extraordinary emphasis on exemption from duty on the island is also reflected in its rapid increase in tax exemption from the island, which is, of course, objectively, free from duty on the island in a context where the new crown epidemic remains uncertain.
The sale of $30 billion is an optimistic expectation, and market investors are now on track to meet this target, but even though, according to relatively conservative projections, we have previously estimated by volume-price relationship (the size of the tax-free = the size of the shoppers = the unit price) that the tax-free size of the island in 2020 could reach $25.8 billion; the sea by 2022
The size of the duty-free off-island sector is expected to increase rapidly to $70 billion over the next three years.
1) Shopping: The easing of duty-free off-island policies has greatly stimulated tax-free consumption by the country, combined with restrictions on travel affected by the epidemic, and duty-free shopping in Hainan will be a new trend, with a 15 per cent increase in shopping in 2020 (a marked decline in tourist arrivals in the first quarter). On a more optimistic note, the 32 per cent increase in shopping in 2020.
2) Portfolio Prices: Beginning in the second half of this year, due to the cancellation of the postage tax and the significant easing of the number of items purchased, 2020. In fact, in terms of volume prices, the price of the single price in 2020 is in line with the current situation, and the number of shopping people opting for is expected to return to pre-epidemiological levels (over 30%) at a faster rate in the second half of the year.
According to China’s mid-term performance report for 2020, the company achieved 193.09 in the first half of the year.
Of that amount, q2 achieved a revenue of 11,67 billion yuan, an increase of 9.6 per cent over the same period; and a net profit of $1.05 billion for the mother, an increase of about 150 per cent over the first half of the year when, according to the above-projected logic, the tax-exempt sales ring for the second half of the year was avoided.
So, using a simple linear model, the income ring is expected to grow by 150%, profit 2021-2022, and based on the above-mentioned tax-exempt scale growth logic, duty-free sales in 2021 are sufficiently confident of the company’s long-term growth logic.
The city accounts for 91% of the total duty-free license-size operations, with a full-scale layout of the off-island duty-free, airport-port duty-free, and intra-city duty-free operations, with unwieldy competition barriers in terms of license-based advantages, pre-emptive advantages, locational advantages, size advantages, and supply chain management advantages.
Against the backdrop of the easing of duty-free shop policies, the tax-free policy dividend effect has led to a rapid expansion of market size, with industries still having more than 10 times the size of growth space in five years, and companies being the largest beneficiaries, the long-term high performance has led to a marked increase in recent equity prices in China, which have been valued more than 100 times in static terms.
However, according to the policy dividend released by the New Deal Free of Taxes on the Island, tax-free sales have grown rapidly, and by the second half of the year until 2021, they are expected to continue to grow at a rate of over 100%. As the largest beneficiary, the performance is clearly certain and fast.
The following year’s performance is valued.42 For the Middle East, its tax-free business is in the gold track, the Yangtze industry; growth is accelerating, performance is high, the company’s leading advantage is evident in the long run, high growth is good and sustained, and there is a high value premium space for the future.
There is still a greater potential for market value growth, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.