Free leisure services/tourism in China (60188.sh)
* Incidents: China Central Performance Report, 2020 semi-annual report. During the first half of 2020, companies achieved 19.309 billion dollars in operating income and the epidemic had a greater impact on performance, but q2 had recovered.
Faced with the effects of the epidemic, the company expanded its operations online in the first half of the year, digging deep into the potential of Hainan market, integrating tax-free operations off the island, and better reversing the passivity of business standstills. From the second quarter, business owners showed a rapid recovery. q2 companies achieved revenues of $11,673 million, a 9.6 per cent increase.
The net profit of the mother was 1.05 billion yuan, an increase of 7.9 per cent over the same period; the net profit of the withholding was 0.9 billion yuan, a decrease of 1.3 per cent over the same period . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In the first half of the year, as a result of the decline in the flow of passengers to and from the airport, income from Shanghai fell by $6,867 million to 11.20 per cent; and from mothers.
The net profit fell by 83 per cent to $56 million; the tax-free shop at Beijing airport lost 57.61 per cent to $1,850 billion; and the up-to-the-clock direct mail operation started in mid-day, with an average monthly sales forecast of about $1.5 billion.
2020h1 is based on the precautionary principle. We estimate that in the first half of the year in Shanghai, $2.1 billion was raised in rents; in Beijing, $1.9 billion was raised in rents, totalling $4 billion, and in the remaining airports, about $1 billion. But at the end of the mid-term, the company had $6.9 billion in other accounts payable, and the airport rents were not available.
The company is also still negotiating with the airport to take into account factors such as the force majeure of the epidemic, and we expect that the airport’s bottom rent will continue to be reduced throughout the year. • The policy dividend drives the company’s growth faster, the performance of the cow, and the maintenance of a “strongly recommended” rating
On the basis of tax exemption from the island and the high growth in direct mail operations, we have further raised the company ' s forecast of profits, which is projected to increase by 240 per cent in July, with a full year off of the island, yielding 54.936 billion yuan, 95.779 billion yuan and $12.697 billion in 2020-2022, a year-on-year increase.
High annual acceleration in performance 2020-07-19. Tax-exempt business in the Golden Track, Yooyang industry; accelerated growth, long-performing cattle with a future of more than 100 million, medium-exempt performance is expected to accelerate growth 2020-07-01
High market value growth potential, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
The three-fold tax-free layout of the off-island airport, the epidemic, the long-term growth logic of the company, 2020-06-151, the epidemic dropped by 70 per cent in the first half of the year, and q2 has recovered.
Corporate income and net profits fell significantly in the same year, mainly because of the impact of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic in the first half of the year, the sharp decline in the number of duty-free shopkeepers, which resulted in lower revenues from the sale of duty-free goods, and the rental billing of key airport channels.
Focusing on business transformation and cost reduction, the business strategy was quickly changed, the business front was significantly expanded, the potential of Hainan Market was explored, duty-free off-island operations were consolidated, and efforts were made to reduce the impact of the epidemic on corporate operations and to better reverse the passivity of business shutdowns. From the second quarter, the company’s main business was gradually resumed and quickly recovered.
o2 companies achieved revenues of 11,673 million yuan, an increase of 9.6 per cent over the same period; mothers ' net profits of $1.05 billion, an increase of 7.9 per cent over the same year; net profits of $900 million were deducted, a decrease of 1.3 per cent over the same period.2 Tax exemptions from the island and direct mail from the day to day are growing rapidly, and the airport is under tax exemption.
In the first half of the year, exemption from duty-free operations on the island, direct mail and day-to-day operations increased rapidly, affected by the epidemic, the three major international hub airports in the north led to a significant reduction in passenger arrivals and arrivals, and a decline in duty-free operations on the airport compared to the island: Sanya stores increased revenue by 12 per cent and the sea by 136 per cent.
As the domestic situation against the epidemic continues to improve, with the return of consumption abroad and more intensive marketing activities, companies are experiencing negative growth in duty-free operations off the island.
In the first half of the year, the net profit was 595 million yuan, a 28.5% decrease in the same year. This is related to the cost of marketing, labour, and other hard costs at Sanya shops. But the fall in net profit due to the impact of the epidemic is also normal.
The government has promoted a significant increase in tax-free shopping, and we believe that the net profits of Sanya shop will be expected to recover rapidly, with 136 per cent of the net revenue from the sea rising to 145 million dollars for the year as a whole. In the first half of the year, the company managed to generate revenue of 3,031 million yuan, an increase of 136.35 per cent; net profits of 343 million yuan, a net increase of 345 million dollars for the year 2019.
The net return to the mother is $145 million, owing to the May exemption. The increase in duty-free off-island operations has been evident, mainly due to increased off-island purchases, price promotions, etc., and a rapid recovery in sales in the second quarter, which has reached 1.5 times higher than expected.
In the first half of the year, the company actively promoted the development of new practices, such as off-island repurchases, as well as the activation of the Hainan off-island free market through the provision of rich goods, discounts, discounts, coupons, and other promotional activities. In early 2020, Sanya International Free City II (Haku Island Project)
Formal start-up, with companies launching a series of marketing promotions in connection with the themes of disease control, festivals, food and food, in the early stages of the process. Tax-free sales off the island increased by 30% in the first half of the year and increased significantly by 145% in the second quarter.
It shows that during the first half of the year, duty-free sales across the province increased by 8,572 million yuan, a 30.7 per cent increase compared to the previous half-year, and that duty-free sales from the island increased by more than 30 per cent, exceeding market expectations considerably. On a quarterly basis, duty-free sales from the island increased by 2,978 million yuan, a 30.3 per cent decline compared to the previous half-year period;
A quarter of $5,594 million, an increase of 144.6 per cent, also shows that the country’s strong demand for duty-free consumption has not fallen as a result of the epidemic, but has rebounded rapidly after the marketing and lifting of the epidemic.
In April-June, duty-free sales rose. On a monthly basis, as tax-free sales recovered only in the second quarter, we focused on the growth of duty-free sales on Hainan Island in April/June. According to Hainan Province, customs data on Hainan Province and Hainan Islands showed a tax-free sales of $1,318 million in April, an increase of 64 per cent.
The tax-free sales from Hainan Island amounted to $1,977 million in June, an increase of 147.9 per cent in the same year; and the tax-free sales from Hainan Island amounted to $2,299 million in June, an increase of 235 per cent in the same year, which shows that the tax-exempt from Hainan Island has not only escaped the effects of the epidemic, but has also been counterpurchased, sold online, promoted and sold.
As a result of a variety of initiatives, such as activities and vouchers, tax-free consumption has increased significantly since the second quarter, and the sale of various tax-free items has been much better than in previous years. In April, the company built two additional cities in Sanya.
In May, the company completed the acquisition of 51% of the shares of the Sea Free Company, and the company’s operations at the Hainan Free Market were further improved. During the reporting period, the Department steadily promoted the Haiguchi International Free City project and completed the construction of the construction plans for the free shopping mall.
Special design work, such as curtain walls, fittings, gardening, etc., is also proceeding in an orderly fashion. 2.2. The flow of incoming and outgoing passengers has declined significantly, the airport is under tax exemption, the daily direct mail has grown rapidly during the first half of the year, as a result of the declining flow of incoming and outgoing passengers at the airport, and in Shanghai, Japan (Han Pudong Airport and Rainbow Bridge Airport).
Tax-exempt shops have achieved operating income of $6,867 million, a decline of 11.20% in the same year, and tax-exempt shops at Beijing airport (including t2, t3 terminal, and tax-free shops at Daesing airport) have achieved operating income of $1,850 million, a decrease of 57.61% in the same year. But in terms of net profits, Shanghai, Japan, has registered positive growth, and China, Japan, has suffered serious losses in the first half of the year.
Shanghai achieved a net profit of 110 million yuan and a net profit of 56 million yuan to the mother, a decrease of 83 per cent in the same year; and Japan achieved a net profit of 620 million yuan to the mother, a net profit of 315 million yuan, a decrease of 38.5 per cent in the same year. The main reason for this is that the Japanese direct mail operation started in April 2020 as a response to the outbreak.
Based on estimates of direct mail coupons issued by Japanese members, couriers, bank credit cards, etc., direct mail sales in the first month of April reached over $1 billion, and sales in June, stimulated by 618 promotional events, exceeded $2 billion.
The people’s purchasing restrictions, coupled with the high level of preferences compared with tax-free prices, have greatly stimulated consumer buy-outs, which can be said to be more than expected.3 Carefully mention the airport rental fee of $5 billion, with the airport rent expected to decrease throughout the year.
In the first half of the year, the rent on corporate sales costs was $5.01 billion, down from $6.46 billion in the same period last year.
Other accounts payable to the company amounted to $6.9 billion, an increase of 253.9 per cent compared to $1.95 billion in the same period last year, mainly as a result of the increase in rent on the business premises that had not been paid in the current period.
The company ' s operating cash flow amounted to $4.31 billion, a significant increase of 60.4 per cent over the same period, mainly due to a significant reduction in the rents paid in the current period for operating premises. Of the other operating-related cash payments, the expenditure on fees amounted to $2,114 million, a decrease of 70.7 per cent over the same period last year ' s expenditure of $7.23 billion.
So we can tell that the rent at 2020h1 airport is about 5 billion yuan. According to the sales agreement for 2020, the base at Shanghai airport is $4,158 million, the capital + Da Hing airport is $3.85 billion, and we estimate that the rent at Shanghai last six months is 2.1 billion, and Beijing airport is $1.9 billion, for a total of 4 billion.
At the same time, we need to see that, while companies report full floor rents based on prudent accounting, at the end of the mid-term, the company has $6.9 billion in other accounts payable, which it assumes are not fully paid in real terms.
The Division is also still negotiating with the airport side to take into account the effects of force majeure, among other factors, and we expect to see a downward revision of the airport floor rent throughout the year.4 The cost of the period fell due to a 9.6 pct decline in the promotion of the company ' s Māori ratio.
This was mainly the result of a series of discounted promotional activities in the company ' s commodity sales business during the reporting period, with costs of $6.02 billion, a decrease of 21.3 per cent over the same period; administrative costs of $650 million, an increase of 8 per cent over the same period; and financial costs of $140,000, a decrease of 99.4 per cent over the same period, a decrease in sales costs, mainly due to the sale of rents.
The decrease in fees is due mainly to the increase in depreciation amortization of assets; the significant decrease in financial costs is due mainly to the reduction in the charge of card brushing. However, the cost rate has increased slightly, with a 31.2 per cent/growth of 0.3 pct; and, in the 5th and second half of the year, the exemption from the island has continued to grow at a high rate, and the tax exemption policy within the city has been relaxed.
Looking forward to the second half of the year, with the implementation of the New Deal for Free Outer Islands, companies will continue to see an outbreak of tax-free off-island operations: in the area of airport duty-free operations, while the return of incoming and outgoing tourists will be awaited, the new operations of the day-to-day mail cross-border electric power provider will continue to grow at a high rate; and the city-to-country shop policy is expected to be relaxed to the people of the country and the city-to-country tax-free operations will be flexible.
On 18th of the month, four off-island duty-free shops in Hainan Province sold more than $5 billion, a 2.5-fold increase in the same year; 740,000 shopping people, a 70-per-cent increase in the same year; over $6,700 per unit price, a 90-per-cent increase over 2019; the number of shopping items; and, at the same time, the New Deal brought a constant surge in shopping tourism.
The number of visitors is estimated at 1.6 million, of which 467,000, or 29 per cent, of the total number of passengers leaving the island were purchased at the duty-free shop, which is more than double the 12 per cent recorded in the same period last year. The number of exemptions from the island in the second half of the year is expected to be 21 billion, a double that figure.
According to the environment, three quarters are at the peak of summer tourism, and four quarters of 11 gold weeks and two 11 sales at the end of the year have contributed to a doubling of duty-free sales in the second half of the year. So, based on the same increase in sales of more than 200% in July-August and the dividends of the duty-free off-island policy, I
In the second half of 2019, the tax-free sales out of the island amounted to $7 billion, and the sum of 29.6 billion yuan ($86+21 billion) or 117.6 per cent more than in the previous year.
In addition, three additional off-island duty-free shops, including Phoenix Airport and two inner-city stores, are planned to be opened in Sanya during the year. We believe that there is an expectation that Sanya Airport and an inner-city shop will be available, and that another inner-city shop will be in service, free of charge and free of charge.
This will further facilitate the expansion of tax exemptions from the island, while other licence plates have no tax exemptions from the island and do not constitute a competition for exemption in the short term.
At this stage, foreign nationals are the only recipients of off-shore shops. At present, the off-site companies hold license plates for duty-free shops in China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China
The city’s tax-free shop policy is expected to ease the market’s access to the local population and increase the tax-free rate. According to the country’s situation, the main source of tax-free consumption is still the local population (cf. Sanya Sea Bay tax-free shop, where more than 90% of shoppers are employed).
So, if the city's duty-free stores were to ease their purchases to locals, the future model of duty-free sales in the city would be a very large growth space (China's domestic consumer market is far greater than South Korea). Moreover, in terms of tax-free quotas, the current share of $8,000 in the city with duty-free foreign purchases is low and is expected to be raised in the future.
If the policy is relaxed, we predict that the size of duty-free sales in the city will be reduced from the current level of business in Wuhan and Xian City over the next 5 to 10 years. The company now has five city stores in the country. On July 30, 2020, the company announced that the sixth city-based tax-free shop will land in Wuhan next year and will be located in Wuhan.
On August 10, China signed a memorandum of intent on strategic cooperation with Xian China and China International to set up a city-wide tax-free shop in Xianan. China will have seven cities in Beijing, Shanghai, Qingjia, Xiangmen, Dalian, Wuhan, and Xianan.
In the context of the country’s continuous improvement of its duty-free market policy, companies continue to operate duty-free within the city, accelerating the expansion of new shops and the future elasticity of the company’s business performance. Direct mail operations are showing good performance and are expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
In April of this year, the company’s direct-line, cross-border power vendor business, which has rapidly stimulated a large number of consumers’ shopping enthusiasm, sales were hot, and exceeded expectations, owing to the obvious advantages of low-cost, non-tax-free purchases. In the first half of the year, the company set up a unified membership platform for digital construction, and created an integrated brand image and an integrated brand image.
Member services; exploring new retail models, developing online integration platforms and completing integrated platform programme design. In supply chain management, companies identify key nodes, undertake quantitative analysis and in-depth analysis of key indicators such as supply chain timeliness, cost, etc.; and create a one-size-fits-all, tax-free, tax-with-tax, power-coupled warehouse.
Significant reductions in labour and storage costs, centralization of stocks, and financial pressure will be reduced. We expect that direct mail cross-border power suppliers will continue to grow at a high rate in the second half of the year, making it possible to compensate significantly for the contraction in sales due to a sharp drop in the number of incoming and outgoing tourists.
6. Prospective earnings and investment proposals: China’s recent stock prices have increased significantly, with more than a hundred times as high as static. But the size of duty-free sales in the off-island New Deal, South China, has grown rapidly; and the scale of sales by straight-mail cross-border telecomers has increased rapidly.
Rapid magnification, bright performance; the liberalization of the city’s duty-free shop policy is expected to determine the benefits, which are expected to remain above 100% between the second half of the year and 2021. As the largest beneficiary, the performance is clearly certain and fast. So we should look at the long term and use it to avoid the expected future.
According to the report, the company’s tax-exempt and direct mail performance is above expectations and is expected to continue with high growth in the second half of the year; in favourable circumstances, such as lower airport rents, which ease the company’s spending on fees, we further raise the company’s earnings by 100.81, 44.93, and 32.5 respectively. In the case of China, the tax-exempt business is in the gold track, the Chongyang industry;
Accelerating growth, long-term performance of big bulls, with a strong corporate leader, strong and sustained performance, a relatively high value-added premium space, and a greater potential for future market value growth, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating.