The policy is over-expected or pushed off the island to a level of 60 billion tax-exempts, and the performance of China is expected to accelerate.
On 29 June 2020, the Ministry of Finance and others issued a bulletin on the policy of duty-free shopping for passengers from Hainan Island, which will be implemented as of 1 July 2020.
From $30,000 to $100,000, open-ended; 2) shopping variety increased from 38 to 45, increasing e-discharges, alcohol, etc., in seven categories of commodities; 3) elimination of the $8,000 exemption for individual commodities; 4) significant reduction in the number of single purchases, except for cosmetics (30), mobile phones (4) and alcohol (1500 ml)
In addition to the single purchase, other goods are unlimited; (5) moderate competition is encouraged, and operators with tax-free market access can participate equally in duty-free operations in Hainan Island, etc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
With the easing of duty-free policies on the island, the momentum for duty-free consumption in the country is expected to increase significantly. In 2019, the province of Hainan increased tax-free sales by 13.6 billion yuan, or 35 per cent. The province increased tax-free purchases by 3.84 million people, or 33 per cent, and the passenger unit by 35,42 dollars per person, or 2 per cent.
It can be calculated that the size of the tax exemption from Hainan Island is expected to reach $60 billion by 2022. The advantage of e-products, luxury goods, has been highlighted by the sharp rise in single price promotions. Under the previous policy, most luxury goods over $8,000 were subject to a 50% post tax.
This tax-exempt type of product adds new electronic consumer-type products. For example, mobile phones with a C$5,000 on-shore are exempted if they leave the island.
Tax shops buy, do not pay value added tax and customs duties at 23% lower prices.
In view of the exceeding expectations of the exemption policy, the elimination of postage taxes, volume limits and the addition of a variety of electronic products, the change of name to China, with a comprehensive focus on strategic directions, will greatly facilitate the rapid growth of the size of the exemption from the South China Island, with the potential for accelerated growth.
Tax operations 2020-06-18 Tax-free triple distribution within the off-island airport city, with an epidemic of 64,975 million yuan and 77,864 million yuan, representing an increase of 11.5 per cent, 53.1 per cent and 19.8 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother
On June 29th, 2020, the Ministry of Finance and others issued a bulletin on the policy of duty-free shopping for passengers in Hainan Island.
Implementation as of 1 July 2020. The announcement states that: 1) free shopping per person per year is raised from 30,000 to 100,000 yuan per person per year; 2) shopping varieties are increased from 38 to 45, increasing e-consumption, alcohol, etc. 7 commodities; 3) the exemption of 8,000 yuan per commodity is lifted; 4) the limit on individual purchases is significantly reduced.
Apart from limiting the number of individual purchases of cosmetics (30), mobile phones (4) and alcohol (1500 ml), there is no limit to the number of other commercial products; 5) there is an incentive for moderate competition, and operators with tax-exempt status can participate equally in the sea, and we believe that this exit duty-free policy was far more liberal than market expectations.
Since the launch of the General Program for the Construction of the TCP, investors have some expectations about the duty-free policy rules for the off-islands, including three aspects: a reduction in the number of purchases, an increase in the postage tax start point, and an increase in the variety of purchases. All three aspects of this policy adjustment are involved and have been significantly relaxed than previously anticipated.
With regard to the number of items, the cosmetics restrictions increased by 1.5 times from the original 12 singles to 30 singles; in the same time, the restrictions on the original leather, medical equipment products were removed and the number of items purchased for mobile phones and alcohol was increased. All items purchased except cosmetics, mobile phones and alcohol were cancelled.
In the case of postage taxes, it was originally expected that the start point of $8,000 would be raised to $16,000, and this adjustment would be eliminated directly and that the exemption limit of $8,000 for single items would no longer be set, which would mean that consumers would no longer pay high taxes for the purchase of luxury goods of over $800,000 per unit and increase the sale of duty-free items for the upgrading of fine items.
Seven broad categories of flat-board computers, mobile phones, games, electronic outdoors (earphones, etc.), alcohol, honey, and tea have been added. In particular, new electronics and alcohols are large consumer goods and are highly attractive to male groups, and are expected to raise the tax-free base and consumption size of off-island groups.
2. The size or substantial increase of the exemption from taxation in Hainan Island is expected to reach 60 billion in 2022, with the easing of tax exemption policies and the increased incentive for duty-free consumption by the country ' s citizens, a significant increase in shopping and unit prices and a significant increase in the level of tax exemption from the island.
According to data from the Bureau of Statistics of Hainan Province, 13.6 billion yuan in duty-free sales were distributed throughout Hainan Province in 2019, an increase of 35 per cent in the same year.
Number of duty-free shopping persons in Hainan 2012-2019 and speed of increase Infiltration rate in Hainan 2012-2019 1) Number of shopping persons: the easing of tax-free off-island policies has greatly stimulated tax-free consumption by the people of the country, as well as exposure to the epidemic
Travel is restricted, and duty-free shopping in Hainan will be a new trend, with a projected 10 per cent increase in the number of shopping people in 2020 (i.e. a significant decline in the number of Lido tourists) and a 35 per cent increase in the rate of travel in 2021-2022 and 20 per cent in 2021-2022, respectively.) Portfolio prices: starting in the second half of this year, due to the abolition of postage taxes and a significant easing of the number of shopping items, 2020
In fact, our prediction of a 60 billion yuan tax exemption over the next three years is realistic, with the recent recovery in the Hainan tourism market, which, in terms of duty-free sales, sold in May at about 2 billion dollars, an increase of 148 per cent.
On May 6th, Henan Province issued an opinion on the implementation of further extra-conventional initiatives to ensure the achievement of the year's economic objectives, proposing a “positive push for a tax-free New Deal off the island” and a “new policy of accelerating tax-exit and shopping free of the island” and promoting the sale of tax-free goods by the China-China Group over $30 billion a year. Specific sales are specified.
The sales target shows the extraordinary importance that the Hainan provincial government attaches to duty-free exits from the island, and also reflects its confidence in the rapid growth in the size of tax-free exits from the island. Although 13.6 billion yuan in 2019 is far from the target of 30 billion dollars in duty-free sales, consideration is being given.
Under-infection migration regimes, Hainan, driven by current policies, strong support from suppliers and branders, and aggressive marketing, and in the context of the latest Hainan off-island tax-exempt policy, we expect China to be free of duty-free sales of more than 20 billion yuan in 2020, even with the prospect of impacting the target of 30 billion dollars.
Thus, in the next three years, with both policy easing and demand-driven benefits, duty-free sales from Hainan Island to 60 billion dollars are achievable. 3 E-products, luxury goods have an important advantage, prompting a significant rise in unit prices.
Under the previous policy, most luxury goods over $8,000 were subject to a 50 per cent post tax, free of tax sales of fine items, which lacked a price advantage and reduced profit margins. Thus, the ratio of tax-free concentrates to off-island products was only around 20 per cent, while the ratio of perfumed products was around 55 per cent.
Some of the large wristwatches, jewellery, suitcases and clothing have a price advantage after the cancellation of the post tax. For example, the price is 20,000 per unit and the value of 10,000 per post tax (50% of the tax rate) is 30,000.
In our view, the elimination of tax exemptions on refined goods would greatly boost the price of singles and would also result in a significant increase in sales. This tax-free product category would add alcohol, electronic consumer products (including tablet computers, wearing equipment, etc.).
Mobile phones, video games, etc.) for a total of seven commodities, with the addition of electronic consumer products beyond market expectations, and the current introduction of tax-free off-island products based on perfume, which would increase consumer coverage by increasing electronic consumer products, for example, by paying a value-added tax of at least $650 (at a 13 per cent rate) on mobile phones at a C$5,000 cost.
The dollar, which does not pay value added tax and customs duties, is 23 per cent lower. It is 12 per cent lower than what it is when it comes to purchasing in Hong Kong (which is zero). This suggests that the price advantage of selling electronics in duty-free off-island shops is obvious and will greatly stimulate the desire of the people to buy electronics.
The difference between the price of the best and electronic products prior to and after the policy adjustment, the encouragement of appropriate competition in the industry, and the unshakeable role of the middle class, the policies issued to encourage moderate competition, with equal participation of operators qualified to distribute duty-free goods
There are six companies with tax-free license plates, including Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
First of all, there is a pre-emptive advantage. Specifically, there are no substantial barriers to tax exemption for other competitors from the island, but it takes at least a year and a half from planning to opening a tax-free shop.
The Department of Customs, the Department of Revenue and the Department of Commerce review and comment for a longer period of time. Therefore, the significant increase in tax exemptions from the island in the second half of this year will be eliminated. And next year, even if there are other duty-free shops, it will require a certain period of cultivation, which will have little impact on exemptions.
Second, it has a regional advantage. Geographical location is in itself a flow, an irreplaceable competition, a barrier, whether it's already in operation at Sanya International Free City or Seagate Airports, Seagate Markets, and the construction of the Seagate Free City, the planned Sanya Municipal Free Shops, which all occupy the best geographical position, plus
The improvement of the follow-up facilities will result in a large business and entertainment community centred on tax-free shops. Given the relatively limited availability of good tourism resources, market property and open spaces in the two major cities of Sanya, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Asia, South Africa, South Asia, South Africa, South Africa, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Africa, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, and South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, and South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, and South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, and South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South Asia, South, South, South Asia, South Asia, South, South, South, South Asia, South Asia, South, South, South, South, South, South, South, and
Finally, it has a large-scale effect and a supply chain advantage. The cost of entering a duty-free shop is directly related to the scale of the sale, with the tax-free Māori rate reaching only 35% when the size of the exemption was less than 10 billion in the early years, while the Māori rate reached 50+% with the rapid expansion of the tax-free scale.
The original cost-benefits, even if they did not work directly in Hainan, would have to reach a certain scale in Hainan to reduce the costs. Without pre-emption, the size of the off-island exemption would have reached tens of billions before other brands entered, and the Maori rate would have been good.
About 10 points above, and in the same pricing environment, there is still ample scope for marketing and profit. Given the high expectations of the off-island tax-exempt policy, the elimination of postage taxes and increased varieties such as electronic products, and the elimination of the shopping restrictions on most commodities, this will greatly contribute to the rapid increase in the size of the off-island tax exemption, which is expected to increase performance.