Tax-free sales off the island increased by 218 per cent in August and are expected to increase more than twice as fast in the second half of the year - China Free Tracking Report: 3.1 billion tax-free sales off the island in August: 218 per cent, and 5.6 billion in July/August: 222 per cent.
According to customs statistics at the sea mouth, on 1 July and 31 August, the revenue from duty-free sales in the whole island of Hainan amounted to $5.58 billion, an increase of 222 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, duty-free sales in the island amounted to $2.49 billion in July, an increase of 228 per cent over the same period, and duty-free sales in the island amounted to $3.09 billion in August, an increase of 217.6 per cent over the same period.
In July-August, duty-free sales from the island increased more than twice as dramatically, mainly because the New Deal for Free Trade from the Island promoted a rise in tax-free consumption; the South China summer tourist market recovered rapidly and the number of tourists increased significantly.
According to the customs data on the sea mouth, 384,000 duty-free purchases were made out of the island in July, at a unit price of $6.478 per person. The number of duty-free purchases out of the island in July-August was 83.32 million.
The unit price for free purchases from the island has reached nearly $6,900, an 8 per cent increase over July, a four-fold increase in luxury goods compared to the previous year, a significant increase in the unit price; after easing the number of cosmetics purchases, a September increase in business is planned, with duty-free sales from the island or more than two times in the second half of the year.
Recently, Luxury sales have been missing, platoon leaders, and so forth. The plan is to upgrade the shopping experience by making global transfers, increasing the size of the drop-out point, and increasing the opening space of the Triana Seagate at the end of September.
According to the environment, the third quarter is a season of tourist activity, the fourth quarter is a gold week and the second, eleventh, second, tenth and second round of promotional carnival days, all of which have contributed to the continued high level of duty-free sales off the island in the second half of the year. It is estimated that the size of duty-free sales off the island in the second half of the year could have increased more than twice as much as in the second half of the year, and is expected to reach $21 billion.
• Consider the medium- and long-term logic of high corporate growth and maintain a “strongly recommended” rating of 42, 31 times the size of the exemption from the island in 2020, or $30 billion, an increase of 117.6 per cent.
In July, when sales rose by 240 per cent, leaving the island year-round, we believe that the company's performance is expected to continue to grow at a high rate and that it still has the potential to grow at a higher market value in the future, thus maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
Short-term Performance Decline and Tax Free New Deal Increases Real Growth in the Second Half of the Year 2020-07-19 Change China Free, Strategic Directions Overarching
Tax operations: 3.1 billion free sales in August and 5.6 billion free sales in July-August increased by 222 per cent. According to the Customs Department, the revenue from duty-free sales in Hainan was 55.8 per cent on 1 July and 31 August.
Billion dollars, an increase of 222%. This is the beauty of the New Deal for Free Outer Islands, which has been in place for two months since July 1, indicating a significant easing of purchasing restrictions, a surge in tax-free consumer enthusiasm, a rapid release of duty-free consumer demand, and an upsurge in duty-free sales off the island.
On a monthly basis, the size of duty-free sales from the island was $2.49 billion in July, an increase of 228 per cent in the same year; in August, the size of duty-free sales from the island was $3.09 billion, an increase of 217.6 per cent in the same year.
5 billion yuan. It can be calculated that 18 days before August (1-18 August) duty-free sales amounted to 2.51 billion yuan, or 81 per cent of single-month sales, and 13 days after August (19-31 August) tax-free sales amounted to 580 million yuan, or 19 per cent of single-month sales.
As can be seen, tax-exempt sales rose by more than 200 per cent in July and August, mainly due to two factors: (1) the New Deal for Exemption from the Island was formally introduced on 1 July, and the tax-exempt amount was raised from $30,000 to $100,000.
The elimination of the stamp duty on merchandise, the increase in the sale of electronics such as mobile phones, the increase in the number of single purchases of cosmetics from 12 to 30, the elimination of the restrictions on single purchases of all duty-free goods other than cosmetics and mobile phones and alcohol, and the significant liberalization of the duty-free off-island policy, which greatly boosts the incentives for duty-free consumption and the speed with which duty-free sales are made.
According to the Hainan Province Department of Human Affairs, July-August, Sanya tourist arrivals and travel revenues have reached the same level as previous years, with the country ranked first among the hot summer tourist destinations.
According to Seagate customs data, the number of duty-free shopping persons leaving the island in July was 384,000.
In July-August, the number of duty-free shopping persons off the island was 832,000. On this basis, we can calculate that the price of free buying people from the island in August was nearly 6900 yuan, an 8% increase over July.
At the end of 2019, the rapid increase in unit prices was 95 per cent, owing mainly to two factors: (1) the implementation of the New Deal, which resulted in a significant increase in the sales of 3c products, such as mobile phones, tablets, etc., in excess of $8,000 in high-end luxury items such as watches and jewellery; and (2) the implementation of the New Deal.
The sale of perfumed products, which account for more than 60 per cent of the total, led to a rapid increase in the volume of perfumed products from 12 to 30 items on a one-time basis, which led to a significant increase in the overall unit price. 620 million goods were sold in March and August, an increase of 343 per cent, with an increase in the area of operations in September.
According to data from the Hainan Provincial Treasury, in July, tax-free sales of goods valued at over $8,000 per unit increased by 503 per cent, from 15.6 per cent in the same period last year to 27.7 per cent this year.
According to Hainan Business Office data, between 1 July and 18 August, tax-free sales with a unit price of more than $8,000 amounted to nearly $1.2 billion, an increase of 420 per cent over the same period; their share in total sales rose to 24 per cent.
As you can see, the sales of high-value commodities in August fell somewhat from July’s, mainly because of what we understand to be the sharp increase in consumer demand for high-end fine products since July’s launch of the tax-exempt New Deal, with some supply shortages occurring in duty-free shops after July’s digestion.
Reflecting the insufficient number of brands, the somewhat high prices of individual brands and the long queues of individual brands, the Hainan Province Department of Commerce explained in detail that the four main reasons for the problem were: (1) affected by the epidemic, the ability of internationally recognized brands to produce significantly decreased, the supply of goods was inadequate, and some brand years were lost.
(b) The planned reduction or cancellation of access to duty-free shops; (b) the four duty-free shops in Hainan province are currently limited in size and are largely saturated with respect to their surface space and passenger carrying capacity, making it difficult to add new brand names to their premises;
(3) Some commodity prices are less favourable than Hong Kong and South Korea, owing to different supply channels, but some commodities, such as some branded perfumed products, are cheaper than abroad and even the lowest globally; (4) airports and docks are small and understaffed, leading to long peak periods.
3.2 In response to the above concerns, the Hainan Provincial Commission and the provincial government attach great importance to the need to increase the area of operations at the drop-out points and the Triads in Haiguchi to meet the demand of tourists, and have repeatedly communicated with those in charge of operating companies to urge them to take extra-conventional measures to improve the quality of their services as soon as possible.
Global transfers, increased lift point space, and increased third-door space at the end of September. At present, the China-China Free Corps is engaged in the following tasks: first, the Group is moving through global channels and some of its commodities are better off; and second, by the end of September, it will be able to increase the size of the tax-free store at the Ocean Square and the tax-free city of Sanya Bay by the end of September.
More international brands are in place; third, there are new off-island outlets. Of these, San Phoenix Airport has more than doubled in size, Melanes Airport has more than tripled in size, the new seaport has expanded in size, 4 and 3c, alcohol is up to 95% of new items, and cosmetics have tripled in sales.
Mobile phones, tablet computers, and alcohols account for 95% of new sales. The number of exemptions has increased from 38 to 45 since the implementation of the New Deal, with new varieties of mobile phones and alcohol receiving market attention.
Prior to the release by the Hainan Treasury of tax-exempt data from July off the island, the four offshore stores in Hainan achieved a total of $8.97 million in duty-free sales, or 3.2 per cent of the total sales.
Three new categories are portable electronics such as mobile phones, alcohol and tablet computers, which account for 66 per cent, 22 per cent and 7 per cent of total sales of new items, respectively, and together account for 95 per cent of sales of new types.
The sales of cosmetics are the top 50% and three times higher. Of the free sales from Hainan Island, cosmetics have been the consumer's favorite products, especially the single purchase of cosmetics after the implementation of the duty-free New Deal, from 12 items to 30 items, eliminating consumer-selected and made-up-limited concerns and selling cosmetics.
According to the Customs Department of China, in July-August, the top three purchases of off-island duty-free goods were 27.70 billion yuan (49.6%), 670 million yuan (12%) in watches and 660 million yuan (11.9%) in jewellery, which together accounted for 73.5% of the total purchases.
Prior to that, Henan Province Department of Commerce data showed that the number of cosmetics purchased increased 1.8 times from 1 July to 18 August, and sales increased three times from the same date.
The projected increase in duty-free sales from the island in the second half of the year is more than double that of the same year. According to the external environment for duty-free sales from the island in the second half of the year, three quarters are at the peak of summer tourism, and four quarters are characterized by large sales events such as 11 gold weeks and two 11s at the end of the year, all of which will facilitate the continuation of duty-free sales from the island in the second half of the year.
In the second half of the year, tax-free sales off the island are expected to increase by more than two times that of the same year, and are expected to reach $21 billion. In the second half of the year, duty-free sales off the island amounted to $7 billion.
The above calculation logic is based on the scale of tax-free sales in the preceding six-month period, which, at the current rate of increase, estimates the scale of sales in the second half of the year, thereby increasing the overall size of sales throughout the year. This is largely in line with the previous goal of the Hainan provincial government to provide duty-free sales throughout the year.
On 6 May, Henan Province issued an opinion on the implementation of further extra-conventional initiatives to ensure the achievement of year-round economic goals, proposing a “positive push for a new deal for duty-free off-islands” and a “new policy to accelerate duty-free shopping off-islands, and to promote the sale of tax-free goods by the Middle and Free Group over $30 billion a year”. Specific marketing targets are specified, as indicated in this table.
The extraordinary importance attached by the Ming Hainan provincial government to exemption from duty on the island is also reflected in its rapid increase in the size of the exemption from duty on the island6 and the expected opening of the Central Sanya airport duty-free shop at the end of November.
On 7 September, China and China announced that they had agreed to a limited exemption in Sanya City from the company’s full capital company.
Co-investment in cash by the company and Sanya Airfield Investment and Development Co. Ltd. in RMB 100 million in cash and tax-free stores at Phoenix Airport Ltd., of which the Sanya City store contributed RMB 51 million, with 51 per cent shareholding; the maritime base partner, Sanya Airfield, contributed RMB 49 million, with 49 per cent shareholding, and
Agree to apply for exemption from the island in accordance with the relevant regulations and requirements. This means that Sanya Airport is officially set to operate at the off-island duty-free shop and is expected to open by the end of November, which will contribute to the elimination of tax-exempt income from the island for four quarters.
7: Prospective earnings and investment proposals, we have full confidence in the long-term growth logic of companies. As the largest tax-exempt company in the country, the city has a 91% coverage of full tax-exempt license operations, duty-free off-island, airport port duty-free and intra-city duty-free.
The business is organized in a comprehensive manner, with difficult competition barriers in licensing advantages, pre-emptive advantages, position advantages, size advantages and supply chain management advantages. In the context of the fall in offshore duty-free consumption and the increasing liberalization of duty-free and intra-city duty-free shop policies, the tax-free policy dividend effect has led to a rapid expansion of market size, industry 5, and industry.
There is still more than 10 times the size of the growth space during the year, and the company is the largest beneficiary, and its performance has thus increased over the long term. According to the report, the company ' s off-island tax exemption and direct mail performance have grown beyond expectations and is expected to continue in the gold track, the yang industry in the second half of the year.
High-performing growth is sustainable, with a high value-valued premium space, and there is still a greater potential for market value growth in the future, maintaining the risk of a rebound from the epidemic, tax-free sales below expectations, and corporate business risks.