We've got a break-in on the line, we're off the island, we've got a tax-free wind, and we're back on the sails on the 31st of August 2020.
After deducting government subsidies of $160 million, net gains or losses of $210 million from the start of the merger to the date of the merger, and the minority shareholders ' equity impact - $160 million, the net non-mother ' s gain of $780 million (-68.9 per cent). The larger reduction was mainly due to a sharp decline in the number of tax-free customers under the shock of the epidemic, and tax-free revenues from the sale of goods.
2 seasons with bright q2 seasons. 1) 20q1 achieved $7.636 billion (4.4.23%) in revenue. Thanks to the rapid shift in operational strategies under the epidemic, the power of the line continued to grow off-island repurchases, q2 showed bright q2 seasons with $1.1670 billion (+ 5.4%) per season, ring comparison.
A significant increase of 52.9 per cent; a negative shift of the mother-to-child net profit q1 to 1.05 billion yuan (+6.6 per cent)2 resulted in the active innovation of electricity businesses, the addition in April of two inter-city Tria experience shops, the opening of new off-island tax exemption models for off-the-road sales, and initiatives to activate the duty-free market.
▪ M&A exemption from “1+1>2” and the negative growth of 20h1 off-islands. 1) In May, the company completed a 51% exemption from the sea, owned all four off-island shops in Hainan, perfected the off-island duty-free layout, and the tax-free stores in Sanya showed a reverse growth of $5.98 billion (+12.2 per cent) and a net return to the mother of $595 million (---
28.6%) in the first half of the year, the profits of the three stores increased in both directions, resulting in an increase of $3.03 billion in the first half of the year (one month in February of the year (the year in February of the year when the sea did not merge into the China Tourism Group) of 136.4%; net profits of $340 million (the era of the Golden Age, where the dragons had to rise to the same level of intensity)
▪ The damage to the airport ' s tax exemption is evident, and the resumption of entry/exit flights remains uncertain in the short term. (1) 20h1 Shanghai 2020-08-18 Airport/Capital Airport/Hong Kong International Airport passenger throughput drops by 78.4%/
2. The Chinese National Brigade (601888): 19 after 78.9 per cent/78.1 per cent, the decline in the flow of incoming and outgoing passengers caused significant damage to the airport ' s tax exemption, with the Beijing airport of 20h1 (the first airport, t2, t3 and Da Hing ' s airport) receiving 1.85 billion (-57.6 per cent); Shanghai
The airport (Pudong Airport and Rainbow Bridge Airport tax-free shop) collected $6.87 billion in direct mail, quality and return.
A 11.2 per cent drop in the same year, covering a significant portion of the airport tax-exempt losses due to the epidemic. (2) In combination with rent and pending charges, 20h1 rents are estimated at 5 billion dollars, taking into account force majeure factors, performance is as expected and tax-exempt leaders are expected.
There is still room for negotiation of airport rents throughout the year. 3) Under the influence of guaranteed rents, profits are more affordable and the net return to the mother in Shanghai on 2019-10-30 20h1 has been sustained by 60 million (-82.5%) and the net return to the mother in China has been added to the table.
For the first time since, it has suffered a loss of $300 million. The epidemic has hit the global airline industry, the overseas situation is still unclear, international passenger demand has been restored for a short period of time, it is highly qualified, and online platforms such as direct mail and cdf purchases will be effective as a tax-free route to the airport.
▪ A significant decline in promotional activity plus an approximate Māori rate and a strong cash flow. 1) To drive a recovery in consumption, the company actively pursued a series of discount promotions, which resulted in a decline in Māori in the main business by 9.6 pct to 42.4 per cent. 2) The cost of sales remained stable, rising by 0.3 pct to 31.2 per cent; and the management cost rate by 3.4 per cent increased by the same year.
1 pct, with a 0.7 pct drop in the ring ratio. 3) Payment of rent for operating premises has been significantly reduced, leading to policy catalytic + pre-emptive advantage, with a strong headline position. 1) The New Deal for the Island in July was officially implemented, with free sales reaching 5 billion (+250%) within 50 days, with an average daily sales of more than RMB 1 billion, with 740,000 shopping people.
The number of cases (+70 per cent) has increased from $3,544 in 19 years to $6,700 per unit price for the upgrading of the product structure in order to restore consumption space and the certainty of the growth of the off-island plate, which is expected to be the most important growth point in the medium zone. 2) Top-level design offers to maintain service to people living outside the country and to my residents in the middle of the country.
Without pre-positioning, there are already five inner-city shops, and they have taken up high-quality locations in China, North-West, etc., before they have had significant advantages, waiting for the policy to hit the ground. Profit forecasting and investment ratings: Epidemic triggers the company’s power lines, connects the wires to the bottom, and the size of the future.
The new deal will continue to work, pushing for an increase in duty-free rates off the island, and as the company strengthens supply chain management, actively replenishs inventory, introduces more new brands to its premises, it will fully enjoy the huge increase in the number of free lanes, using the passenger flow* penetration* passenger unit pricing method. Detailed information on the airport terminal based on the different rates of deductions will be provided.
1) Tria Sea Bay: Shopping and passenger unit prices are based on tax-exempt space measurements from Hainan Island, historical figures showing that the number of people shopping in Sanya Sea Bay/Hanan Island has stabilized at about 60% and the price of the Sanya Sea Bay/Hanan Islands as a whole has stabilized at around 130%.
2) Shanghai Airport: Based on the distribution of flights at Pudong Airport t1 and Pudong Airport t2 + Rainbow Bridge Airport, it is expected that tax-free revenue will be distributed. Beijing Airport: based on data from Japan, China received revenue from the T3 terminal at the capital airport t3 and calculated tax-free revenue from the t2 terminal. White Cloud Airport: based on a tax-free operating contract disclosed by White Cloud Airport.
The projected tax-exempt income from the anticipated revenue from the airport from the contract period is calculated. 484,735,106 billion yuan is expected from the sale of goods in 20-22 years, and revenue from the tourism service is not expected to be generated after the 19-year stripping out of the General Travel Service, where the revenues are expected to be generated as a result of the city-based shop policy.
The share of his business will continue to rise. 3) Sea exemption table: reference to international passenger throughput and Hainan out-of-island shopping in the first half of the year, estimates for 2020-2022 and projections for future customers based on the relationship between the previous unit price and the overall passenger price in Hainan.
A long-term firm view of the increase in duty-free space under the consumption-backed melody, free of the advantage of size and the pre-emptive advantage of a proactive multi-level + multi-channel tax-exempt system that builds a long-term competitive advantage, has a strong leader, enjoys a policy dividend, sees the prospects for corporate development, and maintains a “buy-in” rating.
The epidemic continues to cause macroeconomic volatility, and airport exit and exit routes are recovering less effectively than expected. The airport duty-free and intra-city duty-free operations are closely linked to the flow of incoming and outgoing passengers, and the continued spread of the epidemic may affect the flow of passengers and the overall recovery in consumption.
There are risks associated with competition in the sector. The liberalization of tax-free policies may attract a large number of new players, increase competition in the sector, and increase competition in the market.
The company’s market occupancy rate was estimated for 19 years at the airport’s passenger price and penetration rate.