The main business continues to improve, raising profit projections, net profits of $14,257 million, an increase of 24.27 per cent in the same year; net cash flows from operating activities were 48,642 million yuan in the third quarter of 2021, an increase of 91.73 per cent in the same year, an increase in the ring.
The main coal ring has continued to improve in the third quarter, with a significant increase in net profit from non-repatriation.
Benefiting from the release of small-scale deposits; achieving coal sales of 201,96.39 million tons, an increase of 58.26 per cent over the same period. Ton coal sales cost of $384.35 per ton, an increase of $145.04 per ton over the same period.
The Board of Directors, through the Bill on Foreign Cooperation in Investment Operations and Authorizations, agreed that the Department would cooperate with foreign investment operations that do not involve related transactions, within a limited limit of $20 billion, in accordance with the investment decision-making process. As of the third quarter of 2021,
The tradable financial assets of the Xiangxi industry amounted to $11,234 million, and the net gain on the fair value changes achieved by the company in the third quarter – $1,032 million, delaying the company’s performance.
The \triangleright Bulletin of Shareholder Return Planning (2020-2022) states that “no less than 40% of the distributed profits realized in the year and not less than 4 billion yuan per year are distributed in cash”.
We expect the coal industry to go up, and we expect high scores to be sustainable.
High-level operation, release of production capacity and reduced capital spending in Ka Hoji.
The opening of railways has led to an increase in the demand for downstream coal, and the profit scale of the Xiaoxi coal industry is expected to be higher than it has been since the market. We have raised the company's profit forecast, which is expected to lead to a return in 2021-2023. The risk factors are: macroeconomic depression, a sharp fall in coal prices, and a substantial drop in coal prices on the Sanhoji railway.
He has been a member of the pool of experts of the China Sunda Energy Advisory Corporation and has served as Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (which chairs) for more than a decade as research consultant in coal and energy-related fields, and has chaired the “13th Five” national coal survey and development planning,
In June 2016, it joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the coal sector. From 2019 to the present, it is responsible for research on large-scale energy sectors.
Zhou Jie, Master of Mining Engineering at the General School of Coal Scientific Research, Master of Business Administration at the Chinese People’s University, was added to the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2017 for research in the coal industry. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or opinions in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.