• The new item s7maxv series, which is expected to lead industry development and maintain a “buy-in” rating, was launched at 2022ce, where new overseas item s7maxv series, whether in navigational avoidance, clean-up, smart interaction, or base station integrity, was strong.
At the beginning of 2022, a more valuable q7max+ floor sweeper and a new dyad for the landwasher were launched overseas. With the move from overseas, the company is expected to lead the U.S. lds sweep industry.
Rocks s7maxvoltra is powerful. On the mainframe, s7maxv uses lidar laser navigation techniques, recactiveai 2.0 avoidance techniques based on 3d-structure light (22% higher than s6maxv cleaning accuracy, 70% higher cleaning speed), automatic identification of the type of room and customizing the appropriate suction and scrubbing strength.
For the base station, s7maxvplus supports self-assembly dust (for a seven-week job), s7maxvplus's all-power station supports, in addition to self-assembly dusting functions, s7maxvplus supports the sculpting of self-cleaning, base station.
Cleaning, automatic recharge of water (up to 300 m2), fast charging (up to 30% faster than the previous collection of dust piles). • Looking forward to 2022, looking forward to better sales within the company, better sales every quarter, higher sales in the company's 2021q4 sales, higher shares.
Corporate Information Update - Overspent sales within November 2021q4gmv+138.7% external sales, according to js data, are expected to drive continued over-anticipated domestic sales from a clean and robust market demand, even under the consumption stream and high base year; and for external sales, consider s7maxv
Quarterly improvements in sales are expected in 2022, due to the pull, low base and easing of maritime transport problems in the company ' s update report - q3 internal and external sales revenue series.
1. The new product series s7maxv is powerful and is expected to lead the development of the lds sweeper. The company has launched the overseas flagship s7maxv series at 2022ce, including s7maxv (single machine), s7maxvplus (self-assembled dust base station) and s7maxvultra (self-assembled dust plus self-cleaning full power base station).
In their view, the new product s7maxv series, whether the host's navigational barriers, cleaning capabilities, intelligence, interactive capabilities, or the self-assembly, self-cleaning, fast charging capacity of the base station, is fully functional and productive. In addition to the s7maxv series, the company is also expected to launch a more competitive q7max+ in early 2022 for overseas markets.
In addition to the brand of stones, we expect that in 2022, the brands of shark, eufy, Coves, etc., will be able to launch the lds sweeper product, which is expected to drive more lds when the user of the Inert Navigation Scrubber changes.
With the s7maxv and q series of new products pulled, the company is expected to lead America’s lds industry with excellent product power, with prices expected to go further beyond the cap to over $1,000.
S7maxvoltra is the most comprehensive in terms of the functionality of the products of the s7maxv series. s7maxvultra (two-in-one all-power base station): scrubbing from cleaning, self-cleaning of base stations, self-repairing of water, collection of dust, fast charging, reactive 2.0 structure light shielding system, intellectual-controlled high-frequency boosted-and-reduced-high-frequency vibration ground module,
5100pa strong suction. s7maxvplus (self-assembled dust): self-assembly, reactive 2.0 structural light shield system, intellectual lift-down, acoustic high-frequency shock friction ground module, 5100pa strong suction.
s7maxv (single machine): Reactive 2.0 structural light avoidance system, smart-controlled upscaling high-frequency seismic friction ground module, 5100 pa strong suction. (1) All-power base station: s7maxvplus supports self-assembly dust (dust bag capacity provides 7 weeks of work)
S7maxvoltra ' s all-power base station, in addition to its self-assembly function, also supports scrubbing from cleaning, self-cleaning of base stations, automatic water recharge (up to 300 m2) and fast charging (up to 30% faster than the previous collection). (2) Reactiveai 2.0 technology: s7maxv has a laser radar navigation module plus 3d structural light shield model.
Group +rgb cameras; recactiveai 2.0 technology based on 3d structure light in the area of shielding, with 22% improvement in the accuracy of barrier identification and 70% increase in speed (compared to s6maxv); 3d structure light can more accurately identify the location and size of the barrier in bright and dark rooms (test knowledge s7maxv can identify and bypass 5cm*3cm large)
Small objects); s7maxv can identify electrical wires, shoes, even pet faeces, and make different reactions based on what he sees, such as proximity to shoes and distance from pet faeces; furniture such as beds can be identified and the corresponding area cleared; the bedroom, living room, restaurant and bathroom scenes are automatically identified, and appropriate suction and scrubbing strength is provided.
Figure 3: Rocks s7maxv has laser radar navigation module +3d structural light avoidance module +rgb camera (3) Supersort: s7maxv maximum desorption up to 5100 pa (s6maxv maximum desorption only 2,500 pa). Figure 4: Stones s7maxv is strong with maximum desorption up to 5100 pa
(4) The intellectual-controlled ascending sonic swings: s7maxv vibrates up to 3,000 times per minute and maintains high pressure; the carpet mops are automatically raised (with automatic lifts of 5 mm, with short-haired carpets of up to 4 mm); the upgrades are full of floating captions, which can be entangled in hair, and are close to an unaltched floor; and the remote voice interactive function is supported.
Figure 5: Rocks s7maxv high frequency vibrating ground up to 3,000 times per minute
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
In addition to the s7maxv series, the company is also expected to launch a more competitive q7max+ sweeper for overseas markets in early 2022. As a brand-new mid-floor sweeper series, the q series aims to bring more people to the test.
S series functions, including laser navigation, app control, self-assembled dust base stations, are expected to drive the U.S. lds sweeper, etc.) The introduction of the new class is expected to generate a new increase in the growth of the company ' s overseas earnings.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's too much to expect in two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, four.
According to the Business Staff, the number of Gmvs in the 2021m12 Stone Channels has increased by 157% since the same time, and the rate of increase has continued since the 2021m8. The market share on the domestic lines of the stone brands has steadily increased.
The share of retail sales on the upper market is 17.73%, compared to the previous share of 7.54 pcts. The share of retail sales on the top floor of the 2021m11 stone sweeper is 16.6% (+5.2%) and the share of the cumulative sales on the top line of the 2021m1-m11 stone sweeper is 13.51% (+70%) higher. We expect domestic sales to continue to be over-anticipated, with the main rock-g10 sweeper being powerful and sexual.
Prices are excellent, promotions are showing, and the trend towards release has increased, pushing the brand of rock gmv. For external sales, according to js, the brand of 2021m11 rock, even if influenced by the consumption reflux line and the high base, has returned to positive growth, with an increase of gmv+3% in November, with an increase of 2021m10-47% compared to 2021m10.
Stone brands continue to win the market, and the US-Asia market is rising steadily. According to js, 2021m11 rock names account for 12.6% of the US-Mgmv market and 2020m11+4.5pcts and 2021m10+3.4pcts. Figure 11: 2021m11 stone brands account for 12.6% of the US-Mgmv market, with significant improvement in the ring.
In 2022, the top five brands of the U.S. land sweeper market are expected to promote high- and medium-end lds products with the exception of irobot, and the market patterns of the U.S. land sweep industry are expected to be reshaped, with structural changes in China ' s land sweep market after 2019.
Products continue to evolve and increase average prices. The company, as the leader of the mid-to-high-end lds sweeper route, has a strong brand and is expected to gain a higher market share in 2022, benefiting from the rapid development of the lds sweeper industry in the United States, drawing on the s7maxv and q series of new products.
3- Profit forecasting and investment proposals Outlook 2022, internal sales: We believe that the business’s business continuity is expected to be driven by a clean and dynamic market demand. After the company’s R & D system has continued to grow, it is expected that the domestic market will be more responsive to domestic demand in 2022.
With new products from the scene and a further widening of the price belt, we will once again lead the market. We look forward to a steady increase in the market share as the company improves its domestic branding.
In 2022, sales are expected to improve on a quarterly basis. With the s7maxv, the q series, and the landwasher's new pin, the company introduced the land sweep industry outside the territorial sea to gain a greater market share in the lds switch.
The price of goods has steadily widened, with income-side growth expected to return to high levels and profitability repair, increased competition in the industry, shortages in the supply of raw materials and increased risk of overseas epidemics.