In the first half of 2018, the company achieved business income of $10,597.5 million. This represents an increase of 51.8 per cent in comparison with the figure of $9,924 million.
In the first half of 2018, the company ' s operating income and the net return to the parent grew by 51.8% and 24.94%, respectively. The large increase in operating income was mainly due to real estate settlement income from the main business, and the net increase in the return to the owner was lower than the increase in operating income was due mainly to financial costs and the loss of impairment of assets.
In the second half of the year, the company's performance could be released as the pace of the settlement increased.  sales performance continued to be positive. In the first half of 2018, the company achieved sales of $30.46 billion, and sales were ranked in the first three places. From the regional layout, the company was in the South, the Shanghai region, and the North.
19.2 per cent, 32.89 per cent and 2,0491 million square metres of planned construction, including 90.8 per cent of new projects, equity 1, Vankoa (00002): sales holdings
The average cost of the building is just $5054/m2. By the end of the first half of the year, the total construction area of the company ' s construction and planning projects was about 143 million m2 and the company was involved in a number of projects to upgrade the old city.
The total area of beneficial construction amounted to approximately 2,824,000 square metres.2 Vankoa (000002): the ratio of interest-bearing liabilities due in one year was only 26.9 per cent in the context of a tight financing environment.
“Hankoa: Landowners continue to do well, with the company completing five successive short-term voucher issuances in the first half of the year, with the fare interest rate range only growing rapidly”.
Ratings and strong endorsements from state companies give companies a unique advantage in financing.  Investment proposal: Huanko, as the leader of the industry, insists on “the three main urban circles + key cities in the mid-west” urban layout, and sales continue to expand and increase.
On the other hand, Vanko has developed a forward-looking layout in the areas of logistics property, property management, long-term rental apartments, commercial property, etc., and is now maturing. The company is expected to have a 3.28 per cent policy for the period 2018-2020; changes in the financing environment (details, development loans, interest rate adjustments, etc.); and business winds.
Risks (personnel changes, construction, land acquisition, etc.): Risk of exchange rate fluctuations: conversion of sheds to monetization does not meet expectations. billions of yuan. 24.94% more than year-on-year growth. Large growth in operating income is mainly due to a 1.79 percentage point increase and a 1.64 percentage point decrease in real estate settlement income for major business operations.
The size of the financial costs of the division and the impairment of its assets has increased. The company achieved 9.172 million square metres of construction in the first half of the year, an increase of 44.1 per cent compared with the previous year, accounting for 34.9 per cent of the year ' s completion plan.
Regional, Shanghai, North, Midwest, and other regions, respectively, sold 19.2%, 32.89%, corporate sales upped. Sales are expected to pick up in the second half of the year as supplies increase.
At the end of the first half of the year, the total construction area of the company’s construction and planning projects was about 143 million square metres, in addition to the company’s participation in a number of projects to upgrade the old city, with an equity building totalling about 2,824,000 square metres.
Figure 12: Vankoa ' s equity building in construction and planning (km2) Low leverage level industry, financing advantage highlighted that, by the end of the first half of 2018, net corporate debt stood at 32.7%, which remained low in the industry.
In the broader context of a tight financing environment, companies have completed five successive issues of their super-short-term vouchers in the first half of the year, with a flat interest rate, and real estate firms have had low interest rates on their debt since then. As industry leaders, rich sources of finance, excellent credit ratings, and strong corporate endorsements,
Huanko, as the leader of the industry, insists on the urban layout of the “Three Urban Circles + Key Cities in the Midwest,” and the scale of sales continues to expand, and the intensity of sales continues to rise. In the context of diversified operations, Huanko is involved in logistics, property management, and management.
1) Higher volatility in the scale of sales in the industry: overall decline in the size of sales in the industry, and difficulties associated with home sales returns. 2) Policy adjustments result in business risks: mortgage lending rates go up significantly and home buyers ' mortgage repayments will increase significantly; and tax policies continue to tighten and real estate sales will be pressured, leading to a decline in the scale of sales.
3) The financial environment is generally tightened: bank lending lines are tight, bond issue rates are high, business mobility is exacerbated 4) Business operations risks: change in the cadre of enterprise managers and core business staff, slow progress in construction, hard work, too aggressive exposure to the risk of funding shortfalls.
5. Exchange rate fluctuations risk: exchange rate fluctuations are expected to exceed expectations and firms are exposed to increasing exchange rate risk. 6) The re-monetization of sheds is not expected: the rate of re-monetization has declined significantly, the stock market in three or four-line cities has been fully insured