In the first half of \triangleright 2018, the company achieved $10.6 billion in operating income, a 51.8 per cent increase over the same period.
The combined effect of the company’s first half-year settlement of 7.01 million square metres, an increase of 20.2 per cent over the same year, compared to 2017, was that the company’s real estate business achieved a settlement income of $10.6 billion, an increase of 53.6 per cent over the same period, which was a powerful driver of business income. During the reporting period, the company achieved a net return profit of $9.12 billion, an increase of 24.9 per cent over the same period, which was largely in line with market expectations.
The increase in operating income is due to a number of factors, including higher financial cost rates, lower investment returns, and higher income tax costs. Among these, the increase in financial cost is due to lower capitalization rates of interest expenditures and loss on exchange during the same period.
During the first half of 2018, the company achieved sales of $30.47 billion, an increase of 9.9 per cent in the same year, and sales of 2.035 million square metres, an increase of 8.9 per cent in the same year. Although sales have declined, the company has increased sales of outstanding resources.
square metres, an increase of 24.7% compared to the end of the previous year, with an outstanding amount of approximately $5,201 million sold, an increase of 25.5% compared to the end of the previous year. The decline in the amount of unsold resources does not have a significant negative impact on the company’s performance.
The amount of land taken reflects the company’s relative caution and soundness in obtaining land. The company’s first half of the year took the floor at about $5054 per square metre, a much lower price compared to the previous year.
In the case of property, the first half of the year saw operating income of $4.16 billion, an increase of 29.8%, and the ninth consecutive year of the Federation, “China’s Property Services 100th Power Company, Top 1.” In the case of residential rental operations, at the end of the reporting period, the head of the company rented flats in 30 major cities and acquired a cumulative number of rooms.
With respect to commercial development operations, the Indian Commercial Platform managed 126 projects, with a total construction area of 9.15 million square metres, with 79 self-owned projects, including 53 shopping centres. With regard to logistics storage, warehousing services reached 32 major cities across the country and served more than 60 clients.
There are 84 projects with a total construction area of 6.26 million square metres, of which 41 have been completed and an average rental rate of 95% for stabilization projects. Companies will perform with certainty in the future, with a robust and forward-looking business style.
The growth rate of sales continues to decline dramatically, and diversified operations are not expanding as expected.
The 4th place in the real estate industry is a source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
Name. In the 2014-million-year information year, "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasting and Precision is the third largest in the Real Estate Industry." Today, 2016, the Research Assistant in the Investment of Sky-Eye Real Estate Industry gave an overview of civil engineering at the University of Qinghua, a double law bachelor's degree, three years of work experience in the Real Estate Industry, a first-level registered builder, and a middle-level real estate economist.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.