U.S. Group (00033ch) Over-expected performance growth over three quarters and warming of overseas market orders; maintained buy-in over-expected performance growth over 103 quarters, with overseas and tob operations becoming the main drivers: 3rd quarter 2025
In the next few quarters, companies will continue to face high-base challenges in domestic markets, but we are confident that their overseas markets and b-side operations will effectively support their robust growth. In this context, we are small.
Higher company profit forecasts for 2025 but maintenance of profit projections for 2026-27 are broadly unchanged, Vi toc shows business resilience, overseas markets show good performance: 1) Intra-China markets: due to high base numbers and market competition, sales revenue growth slowed to unit numbers in the last three quarters (first half of the year:
+14.1%. Companies adhere to high-end strategies, Colmo and Toshigi brands have increased their retail sales by the same 45% in the first three quarters, and the product structure continues to be upgraded. In the face of competition in the air-conditioning market, companies continue to adhere to a “share priority” strategy, which will be flexible in responding to the uncertainties of subsequent demand changes, the country’s retrenchment slopes, and large-scale cost fluctuations.
Qualitative: Overseas markets showed good performance, three quarters of which, driven by external warming, picked up at an upswing to medium double digits, with orders growing and recovering at a clear pace since October. Companies’ obm strategy worked well, with revenue from autonomous brands growing by 20% more than the previous three quarters.
Obm operations will continue to grow at a double-digit rate in 2026, driving the growth of external sales. Tob operations will have strong dynamic and multi-synchronous growth: three-quarters Tob operations will continue to grow at a high rate, with an estimated 15 per cent increase in revenue over the three-quarter period.
The same rate of growth in technology driven by energy storage and new energy vehicle components is 21 per cent; smart architecture is growing at a rate of 25 per cent, with outstanding performance; robotics and automation are in the high-profile zone of product innovation and industry.
With its high-tech barriers, company-end operations are gradually establishing competitive advantages in several high-growth races, and are expected to further boost overall revenue and profit growth in the future.
The United States Group (000333ch) The United States Group (000333ch) The United States Group (000333ch)
The American Group (000333ch) Hong Kong Hong Kong Wan Yi Building, 68th Mid-Teuk Road, 9th Floor