The U.S. Group (000333) tri-quarterly review of 2025, 30 October 2025: the company released its tri-quartered report of 2025. In the first three quarters of 2025, the company achieved gross operating income.
Performance has been growing more steadily. In the first three quarters of 2025, new energy and industrial technologies, smart architecture technology, robotics and automation generated revenues of $30.6 billion, $28.1 billion and $112,385 million, an increase of 9.94 per cent, respectively, and net return to mothers of $11.87 billion.
Scores to 13.77%, with sales, management and financial rates falling by 0.73 percentage points, 0.23 percentage points and 0.92 percentage points, respectively, reaching 9.0%, and continuing human robotics.
The Center for Robotic Innovation, which combines America's diversified industrial advantages, focuses on three main areas: research, development and application of core robotic components; and home-based robotization, incorporating robotics and ai technology into home-based electricity products, such as visual recognition, mechanical arm use and human-ships.
The company expects the beautiful human robots to enter the sub-line business class shop scene later this year. In the future, the company will focus on the smart hand, imitation arm of human robots.
And the design of the leg, with a softer and more sophisticated operating capability, coupled with the data collection, formally upgrades the "brain" of human robots, further enhances the beauty of human robots.
Fulfilling the four strategic axes of Global Breaking, deepening the global landscape, continuing to build up a well-developed R & D system, maintaining a leading R & D capability, focusing on full intelligence and full digitalization. Prospective research reports, “positive” investors are suitable only for research at risk levels not higher than “medium-high-risk” levels, and “radical” investors are suitable for using our divisions.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.