(b) The net profit to the mother is $18.7 billion, yoy + 10.1 per cent; and the negative rate is 0.889 per cent, with a provision coverage of 357 per cent.
\triangleright drops by 4.6 pct, mainly because other non-interest income below the high base has declined in terms of its contribution to the growth rate, but the net interest income and the rate of increase have recovered at a positive rate. 24h1 net interest income, median income, other non-interest income are on a par with other non-interest income.
The profit growth margin continues to grow at double-digit rates. Jiangsu Bank ' s net profit return of 24h1 was 22.4 per cent and cost revenue was 0.4 per cent higher than 24q1; the reduction in the impairment margin was the main factor underpinning the profit growth rate, with losses on 24h1 assets falling by 6.3 per cent on the same basis.
The provision for the plate decreased and the credit impairment loss for the retail business block increased more than year-on-year. \triangleright
The increase in lending in the first half of the year came mainly from a combination of public loans, personal loans, discount balances at the end of 24h1.
The cost of deposits has dropped significantly, with the net interest differential having decreased by a narrow margin. Jiangsu Bank ' s net interest gap of 24h1 was 1.90%, down by 8bp compared to 2023 and down by 38bp compared to 23h1, with a significantly narrow reduction. Asset-end earnings reported in the first quarter of 24 years: recovery rate and asset quality
The value of long-term cash rental receivables has contributed positively to the overall asset quality of the company. In terms of indicator changes, the end-of-the-life rate is 24h1.
3. An event review by Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh): three major shares improved, accounting for a higher share of the rental business services sector and a lower rate of poor lending in manufacturing.
5. Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh) 23h1 performance report: 27.2 per cent higher net profit return and “closely” transfer
Jiangsu Bank benefited from the steady growth of the local economy and industrial base advantage, maintaining a robust growth pattern in public operations - 2023/08/02; deposit costs improved significantly, effectively reducing downside pressure on interest differentials, and the projected impact of the downside price adjustment remains positive
\triangleright Figure 1: Jiangsu Bank ' s performance as at 24h1 increased at the same rate (cumulative) Figure 2: Jiangsu Bank ' s net interest income as at 24h1 and net fee income increased at the same rate (cumulative)
Figure 3: Other non-interest-bearing income of Jiangsu Bank up to 24h1 per year (cumulative) Figure 4: Total assets and total liabilities up to 24h1 by Jiangsu Bank up to year
Figure 6: Jiangsu Bank ' s net interest difference as at 24h1 Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements Methodology and analytical logic to conclude the study, to produce the report independently and objectively and to be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.