Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh): Profiting achieved on August 19, 2024. Steady growth and strong investment in public loans
Incident: On 16 August, Jiangsu Bank published its semi-annual report for 2024, which enabled the collection of 24h1 and the provision of pre-Liso Bank, 10 annualized weighted averages of 16.42 per cent in Jiangsu province, Suzhou and Nanton, a decrease of 1.78 pct.
On the basis of the urban commercial banks, the consolidated and restructured modern stock-based commercial banks have created a new model for the reform of the local corporate bank, which was officially opened on 24 January 2007 by Jiangsu.
A local corporate bank in the province is the only one in the province. In keeping with its mission of “bringing for beauty and good life,” the company seeks to integrate innovation, practicality, and efficiency.
At the income end: 24h1 Jiangsu bank revenues were equal to +7.2%, and the acceleration ring was narrower than q1 to 4.6 pct.
The rate of increase in the net income from fees and commissions increased from +11.3 per cent to 11.3 per cent in the same year; mainly, the increase in revenue from agency fees, combined power and modern equity banks, which are more competitive in the market, slowed down the speed ratio. At the cost end, the net profit from the provision of anti-breeding was maintained at a higher rate.
At the end of June, Jiangsu Bank’s total assets increased by 14.5% over the year, up from 5.1 pct;
In the first half of the year, the loan balance was increased by $16.4 billion; for public loans,
Individual loans were added to capital, manufacturing, and research and technology services by 88.8 billion and 75.6 billion, respectively; they accounted for 45 per cent and 38.3 per cent of the increase in public loans, respectively.
The net interest differential ratio continues to be narrow and the cost of the debt improvement process accelerated. 24h1 Jiangsu Bank recorded a 1.9% net interest difference, which is 8bp lower than in 2023. At the end of the asset: the interest-bearing asset rate of gain was 14bp lower.
The effect of the downward adjustment of the deposit rate is gradually becoming apparent as the maturity of the deposit is renewed. Given that real demand remains weak, either supportive monetary policy or the gradual release of interest-reduction dividends from the deposit at the end of the term, the interest-rate differential is expected to gradually narrow.
At the end of June, the Bank of Jiangsu ' s non-performing loan rate was 0.89 per cent, the same as at the end of 23 years; the proportion of loans of interest was 1.4 per cent; s14805070003.
8bp higher than at the end of the 23rd year. Loans more than 90 days overdue by 0.67 degrees of deviation are considered to be stringent. Undesirable pressure margins rise slightly, but the overall level is still low.
In terms of the quality of loan assets, Eastern financial and intellectual resources are broken down. At the public end of June, the negative growth was mainly in wholesale retail, real estate, shipping, which was 2.08 per cent, 2.83 per cent, 0.59 per cent, respectively, compared to the end of 23 years.
+18bp, 29bp, 44bp; construction, leasing and business services, and a reduction in the negative balance in manufacturing, 6,21bp. Retail lending overall has risen, in line with industry commonality; personal loans and loans have been poor at 0.98%, 1.58%, up 19bp, 9bp, respectively, from the end of 23 years.
Retail-end credit, high-yield loans, continued to be under poor pressure; taking into account the overall control of risks associated with public-end houses, real estate, local government debt in the company’s region. Investment proposal: looking ahead throughout the year, benefiting from the comparative advantages of the region’s economic and credit needs, the size of Jiangsu Bank, and
The profit rate is expected to remain at the forefront of the industry. Net profits are expected to rise at a similar rate in 2024-2026, depending on the source of Eastern financial and intellectual booms. Figure 1: Jiangsu Bank 24h1 harvests, net profits per year + 7.2%, + 10.1%, respectively.
Figure 3: 1q24, 1h24 performance split by Jiangsu Bank
Figure 7: In late June, from 32.3 pct to 357.2% lower than at the beginning of the year
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Co. reported that Jiangsu Bank (600919.sh): To achieve a steady increase in profits and a strong investment in public loans — the semi-annual review of 2024 does not guarantee that the information and advice contained in it will not change. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points of view and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.