The growth of public loans is strong and the middle business is back on track.
Jiangsu Bank (stock code: 600919) Incident: The company issued its semi-annual report for 2024. Business performance was steady, with a higher level of profitability: 2024h1, with the company achieving operating income and return
Net female profits of $41,625 million and $18,731 million, an increase of 7.16 per cent and 10.05 per cent, respectively, respectively; annualized corporate performance maintained overall robustness on a quarterly basis, largely benefiting from the recovery and recovery of intermediate operating income
In terms of public performance, the end-of-debt cost was optimized: 2024h1, net corporate interest income of $27,656 million, an increase of 1.76 per cent over the year; net interest differentials of 1.90 per cent, a decrease of 8bp from the beginning of the year, interest capital, a slight decline in retail lending to public performance. By the end of June, corporate lending had increased since the beginning of the year.
8.47 per cent longer. Of these, public loans grew by 17.81 per cent, maintaining a relatively rapid growth and supporting the focus areas. Deposits increased and the cost of deposits decreased. By the end of June, corporate deposits had increased by 11.52 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, with business term deposits growing faster, at a rate of 31.24 per cent, representing a significant increase in the share of total deposits.
The average cost of deposits was 2.18 per cent, a decrease of 15bp from the beginning of the year, which is the main reason for optimizing the cost on the end of the liability; the contribution of self-agents, where retail wealth management is well under way. 2024h1, the revenue from corporate agency fees increased by 30.73 per cent over the year; at the end of June, the company retailed aum at $139 trillion, year after year.
The balance of the monetary management product is $604.5 billion. The high growth in investment operations continues to contribute to other non-interest income.
Investment proposals: Deepening of firms to the developed regions of the Jiangsu economy, rich financial resources, promising development prospects, small development prospects, and strong manufacturing services, with many business indicators in the first place in the province. Tables show strong growth dynamics in loan holdings, focussing on priority areas, sustained structural optimization; steady transformation of retail operations and wealth management developments
Good asset quality. We maintain a “recommended” rating, combined with company fundamentals and stock price elasticity, and we commit ourselves to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.