Two-digit profit growth, faster credit delivery, slower growth and higher profits. 2023h1 Jiangsu Bank revenues are increasing at the same rate.
A decrease of between 4.56 pct and 7.16 per cent over q1; net repatriation profit increased by 3bp slightly over q1 over the same period, mainly as a result of scale expansion, non-interestable income pull-up and counter-feeding in addition to revenue collection, and net Xiaohui Zhang
The profit growth rate is higher than the q1 margin, mainly as a result of a negative shift in contributions to the provision and to the central collection, while the main drag is a narrow contribution to other non-interest income. The net interest differential continues to narrow, and the asset-liability structure is optimized.
The ratio of interest-bearing assets to 24bp, the cost of interest-bearing liabilities to 7bp, is the main reason for falling interest-bearing differentials.
The ratio of production to that of mortgages has increased, with credit in favour of the public sector, mainly in the rental and commercial services sectors, manufacturing, the water environment and public facilities management; in retail, consumer loans, operating loans and mortgage loans have declined to varying degrees, while credit card operations have been small.
Upgrade; guarantee loan ratio +2.94 pct, while credit loan and encumbrance loan average deposit cost drops by 8bp in the same year and increases in the proportion of interest-bearing liabilities. Bad rate ring down, interest rate and delay rate slightly rises.
The ratio of 0.89 per cent, ring ratio-2bp, is at a lower level than that of listed banks; the interest ratio is +3bp to 1.40 per cent, up from the beginning of the year +4 pct, +11.76 pct, respectively, for hidden non-performing loan generation; and the core indicators of asset quality are set to remain robust, more resilient to risk and have sufficient anti-bullying profit space.
Credit speeds up. Capital is consumed. Total assets, total liabilities, total loans, \triangleright articles at the end of 2024q2 show results.
The primary capital adequacy ratio is between 19bp and 8.99%, with a safe distance from the regulatory bottom line. Profit growth is steady at the top three, retail aum is out of the picture of profit: Jiangsu Bank has a strong position and companies are committed to “serving small and medium-sized enterprises, places of service.”
\triangleright Economy, Services to Urban and Rural Residents” Market Positioning, focusing on creating business niches in microfinance, science and technology finance, green finance, cross-border finance, and accelerating the construction of more open wealth management livelihoods
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., solidly “five big articles”, retail aum at the end of 2024q2 to 1 39 trillion yuan, cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
We expect the company to close the prices on August 19th, 2024.
Figure 1: Rate of increase in net profit on a year-on-year basis for collection and attribution vs. Industry Figure 7: Provision coverage vs. Industry
In November 2022, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre to carry out research in the financial sector.
It covers mainly the banking sector, including the investment logic of listed banks, the financial sector and finance, asset liabilities, wind control, and related external environments.
In November 2019, he joined the Sino-Chinese Securities Research and Development Centre. Part of it is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.