The city of Yuzheng is well-profited, with a 79% increase in net profit in the third quarter.
Export operations continued, with three quarters of net profits increasing by 79 per cent on a year-on-year basis. In the third quarter of 2025, Uttar Pradesh earned 26,370 million yuan, an increase of 9.5 per cent, and in the mother's net profit of $3.29 billion, an increase of +35.4 per cent;
The net profit is 1.36 billion yuan, i.e. +79.0%, ring +14.9%, minus 1.07 billion yuan, i.e. +66.8%, and the factor is the continued release of the UTA performance.
+1.opct, stable profitability, mainly expected to result from marginal contributions from new energy export emissions, 52 weeks maximum/minimum price robust capacity; at the cost-rate level, 25q3 sales/management/R & D rates for companies, respectively
Overall, corporate performance has been released steadily, thanks to solid cost-control capabilities, the continued release of scale effects, and the evolution of medium- and high-level strategies. Looking forward to the year 2025, on the one hand, a cumulative increase in export sales (including an increase in the share of new energy sources), and sustained domestic rehabilitation (for public transport with an old-new policy)
In the medium and long term, the cycle and growth are still positive, and Woo-tung’s performance is expected to be released. At the end of the industry: 1 country;
Inner recovery: domestic passenger vehicle demand is expected to continue to recover (in exchange for old policies); 2 export emissions: about 280,000 vehicles sold annually abroad, with less than 10 per cent penetration of new energy sources, with a higher level of domestic upscaling, and multinational overseas designated policies to promote the replacement of new energy passenger vehicles; Wootong terminal: one export market, Wootong
Utunbus (600066.sh) - Promising gains in profitability, net profits for the second quarter and the creation of an innovative model of “technology plus services exports” that captures the continued breakthrough of the new energy development window overseas, Utronbus (600066.sh) - Promising gains, with a positive net profit for the first quarter.
From “manufacturing + marketing” to “manufacturing service + solutions”, competitiveness continues to rise.
Utunbus (600066.sh) - Stewardship, Medium-Term Dividend Shareholders Expanding to promote industrial value chains to the middle and upper end, promising to benefit fully from the expansion of new energy sources overseas; Intra-Medium Markets improve Mäori in risk control + preferred markets, and corporate domestic profits are expected to recover.
The Utunbus (600066.sh) - good cash flow, domestic and foreign resonance, boosts profits, proposes: a global center-to-door leader with growth and dividends, maintaining a “better than the big city” rating. See corporate growth, watch corporate competitiveness abroad continue to materialize, taking into account the company's continuous growth of overseas markets.
Summary of performance: In the three quarters of the first quarter of 2025, income from the operation of the Uttarbus was 26.37 billion yuan, representing an increase of 9.5 per cent over the same period, net profit to the mother $3.29 billion, or +35.4 per cent over the same period; in the first quarter, the Utronbus 2503 battalion received 10.24 billion yuan, or +32.3 per cent over the same period, ring + 5.4 per cent over the same period, net profit to the mother was 1.36 billion yuan over the same period +79.0 per cent over the same period, ring + 14.9 per cent over the same period.
The U-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T
Figure 3: Net profit (millions of dollars) and increase in speed: quarterly net profit (millions of dollars) and increase in speed: 2503 Māori, stable profitability, ring ratio + 1.0 ptt, expected mainly to be new energy exports
At the cost-rate level, companies have better control of their 2503 sales/management/research and development costs. On the whole, corporate performance has been steadily released by solid cost-control capabilities, continued release of scale effects and medium-to-high-end strategic evolution. Looking forward to a year-round 2025, on the one hand, a build-up of export sales (including new) has been achieved.
With the rising share of energy (and the ongoing domestic rehabilitation (catalyzing public transport with old new policies) and the opening of the scene (increased penetration of new energy sources in inter-city and passenger seats), companies are expected to continue to receive high-quality, incremental orders. Meanwhile, public-sector light goods have been released, and are expected to contribute further.
Figure 5: Māori and net interest rate of Utility (US$ 10,000) Figure 6: Utility (%) Quarterly Cost of Utility (%)
In the context of a “way-by-way” environment, Yutong's overseas market is progressing well and is expected to make a sustained contribution to the global target market, moving from “product exports” to “technology exports”. By the first half of 2024, companies had cumulatively exported more than 100,000 passenger vehicles of all types, and products were sold to Chile, Mexico, Ethiopia, and An.
In the main target markets, companies have become one of the main bus suppliers. In the new energy passenger cars, companies have become one of the main bus suppliers.
In Qatar, Mexico, the United Kingdom, Denmark, Norway, Greece, Chile, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, and other countries or regions, large volumes are sold and well run, and green public transport is actively developed, contributing to global carbon reduction. Companies are selling in direct and distribution combinations in overseas markets, and are now selling overseas.
The distribution and services network has achieved the global target market layout, covering six major regions of the Americas, Africa, CIS, Asia-Pacific, Middle East, Europe through more than 60 subsidiaries, offices, distribution partners and direct sales teams: at the same time, taking advantage of technology and industrial chain advantages, companies are already operating in Kazakhstan, Pakistan, and the United States.
Ethiopia, Malaysia, and more than a dozen countries and regions have worked locally to upgrade the business model from “output” to “technology export and brand authorization” through kd assembly.
e9, e12pro four main vehicles. The signing of a purchase agreement with Pakistan’s partner, wil, for 400 pure electric buses, marks the official arrival of Pakistan’s #largest single new energy bus order, its largest public service sub-order, and its largest commercial bus order, writing a historic chapter on the three firsts.
As the global economy recovers and the demand for public transport improves, as well as major events, events and exhibitions are held on schedule, the demand for the bus industry is expected to grow in a sustained and resilient manner, along with new energy passenger vehicles.
Social recognition is increasing, and the demand for new energy in overseas markets will be sustained by environmental protection requirements, international image enhancement and the continuous progress of new energy vehicle technology and economic growth.