Kuala Lumpur-Wanwi (300418) Media play operations are based on continuous mergers and acquisitions to build a new growth pole, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
In the first half of the year, revenues increased by 232 per cent to 690 million, net interest rates by 13.9 per cent, accumulated global users by hundreds of millions, and a pioneering advantage emerged. 2) In 2021, the Operation collected $250 million (+52.1 per cent) in a second growth curve with Starmaker: 3) and there was a strong link between the business plates, “Information distribution plus voice society”,
The first three quarters of 2021 saw a net profit of $1.9 billion, an increase of 55.6%, and a better level of profit. Starmaker led the k-song social stream, with the advantage of an overseas audio social platform.
The main product starmaker is the flagship of the overseas audio social platform, with k songs on-line as its main catch, cutting into online entertainment scenes such as voice chat rooms, live broadcasts, leisure games, and, by introducing a family operating system, enabling users to form close social relationships within the platform, enhancing the cohesiveness of the platform and the sense of user belonging.
New efficiency and user retention rates effectively reduce passenger costs. 690 million (+232 per cent) in 2021h1, integrated entertainment platform building, and self-researching games accelerate the growth of their performance. 392 million won in 2021h1 and dominated by overseas business revenues, covering such niche markets as Europe and America, Japan and South-East Asia, while multiplaying games are taking place.
In terms of play and entertainment in the country, there is a steady increase in the number of cards introduced. 2021h1 yields 490 million and net profits of 330 million, with a net interest rate of 67 per cent and a market share of 29 per cent of cards, which is second in the same category.
Strong business blocks are based, and the rest of the game under the flag displays greater resilience and continued development. In the field of seaboarding, the kangames game platform hardens corporate fundamentals, self-researching new products, full-scale layout of Internet ecology, and cutting into the new business of meta-cosm energy.
The web ecology spreads the business layout around the browser, forming a closed loop system dominated by the Opra browser, the news distribution industry, and multi-operational distribution systems combining the game business with the browser depth. In 2021, Opra's search operations generated $250 million, an increase of 52.1 per cent.
Gx browsers start the native game, using the developers of gms to post the game one at the gxc platform, to integrate game players and developers organically, to build the community ecology of the player in all its aspects, and to raise high user sticky, with follow-up performance of interest.
Maintaining strong growth, strong recovery from the epidemic, and high growth in other operations, overall below the expected risk of user growth. Corporate development: Kunlund Wanwi was created in 2008 to start with a web-based R & D and a global distribution business, relying on web-based tourism
Having landed on the entrepreneurship board in 2015, the company has accelerated its business expansion, invested strategically in such companies as Opra, Grinder, Leisure and Recreation, and expanded horizontally in social and information services. In 2019, it became a global game research and recreational diversity. Starting in 2020, the company began to globalize its market layout in order to interact with each other.
Networking platforms have been transformed into strategic positioning, further acquisition of new and emerging businesses such as Opra, Stargroup, audio socialization, meta-cosm, etc., which have continued to strengthen global Internet traffic giants and increase their influence both within and outside the country. Corporate equity structure: Founder Zhou Yahui is the real owner of the company, holding 21 per cent of the shares (12.2 per cent, through direct ownership).
Indirect shareholding 8.8% in the Ying Swe century. 18.4% (direct shareholding 11.2%, indirect share through the Ying Swe century 7.3%), Corporate Business Matrix: Companies committed to becoming global leaders in Internet platform-type companies have now formed information distribution platforms, iOra, voice social networking platform stargroup, leisure platform recreation, mobile game platforms,
In January 2017, the company acquired 51% of each other's shareholdings, and in 2018 and 2019 it acquired the surplus, completing 100% of the list; in August 2018 it officially launched a new independent brand, rkgames; and in January 2021, the company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Huanwei Hong Kong, acquired 8.5% of the share of the Opra through cash, for a total of 54.6%.
In February 2021, the company acquired 60.7% of the stock of the Stargroup and acquired 19.4% of its priority shareholdings through the Oprera. Stripping, a fall in the water flow of the ktagames, and a decrease in the revenue from the Oela advertising were affected by the epidemic.
The larger increase in access by the same calibre was due to the acquisition of Opra and Stargroup in January and April, respectively, and to a greater increase in the net return profit in the first three quarters of 2021, mainly from the robust search and advertising operations of the overseas audio social networking platform Stargroup and the offshore information and service distribution platform Opra, with a better continued profitability.
Corporate-owned business structure: companies are committed to becoming global leaders in integrated Internet platforms that provide social, financial, entertainment and other information-based services. Mainly, five business panels: information distribution platform (opera) + voice social networking platform (Stargroup) + leisure platform (freeze) + mobile game platform (arkgames) + equity investment in science and technology
Business, of which kangames shares the proceeds of the game props with the entertainment of the game, the Wi-Internet Smart Investment Fund also invests in tmt consumption, saas, and health. From the perspective of revenue and profit, the company has developed a combination of games and social business, and online advertising and search operations as well.
The second growth curve. By 2020, 43.8 per cent of the proceeds from games and 45 per cent from social networks contributed to the company ' s business, and the newly acquired Stargroups in 21 years were combined with the increased Opra to further strengthen the Internet social and recreational platform operations, while at the same time injecting a strong heart into the online advertising and search business. In the first half of 2021, the share of the proceeds from games was 18.1 per cent.
Māori accounted for 12.7 per cent, which was a delay in the arrival of the new game, 42.7 per cent, Māori 39.1 per cent, which remained stable, and 18.2 per cent, Māori 20 per cent, and 15.8 per cent, Māori 21.3 per cent, which was an optimisation of the income structure between the Opra and the Stargroup.
▪ Game income to social network income-to-network advertising service-to-search business-to-search business  game income-to-social network advertising service-to-search business-to-search business-to-business-to-research-to-business-to-research-to-business-to-business-to-business business-to-business-to-business-to-business-to-business-to-business business-to-business-to-business-to-business-to-be-promotion-to-profit-to-get game-to-be-again game-to-be-a-promotion business-to-be, and social business-to-business-to-business-to-be
The focus has shifted from grindr to the new platform startgroup, and the profit model has yet to be explored further. Overall, the firm’s current gross interest rate decline is reasonable, and is a logical manifestation of its strategic investment transformation and proactive business strategy.
2.1 The global Internet market is vast, opportunities for regional differentiation remain, and global Internet users continue to grow in size and use over time, with regional differences in user use over time. According to the Weare Billion, the figure is 8.6 per cent in 10 years.
Internet users in South Africa, the Philippines, Brazil and Colombia use more than 10 hours per day, while Internet users in Belgium, Switzerland and Australia use less than 6 hours per person, Japanese users access less than 4.5 hours per day, and continue to do so in developing countries and regions as mobile Internet access continues.
The Internet penetration rate has gradually increased, and emerging markets have great potential for development. By country, Pakistan has the fastest growing Internet users, with 22 per cent in 2020, 16 per cent in Indonesia and 10.3 per cent in China.
The top 10 countries are developing countries. In terms of Internet penetration, global mobile Internet penetration was 60% in 2020, with more than 80% penetration in developed regions such as Northern Europe, Western Europe, and North America, while in emerging markets such as South Asia, West Africa, and East Africa penetration is low and developed regions and development regions are significantly fragmented.
For the first time, the number of Internet users declined to less than 3 billion, but in South Asia more than 1 billion people still do not have access to the Internet, and in Africa nearly 840 million do not have access to the Internet; as Internet penetration and penetration rise, the number of Internet users in emerging markets is expected to expand further. 2.2 The number of social media users continues to grow and play is diversified.
Global social media users continue to grow at a steady and steady rate. According to data from the Wearesocial, the number of social media users worldwide in 2021 amounted to 4.62 billion, an increase of 10.1 per cent, or nearly 60 per cent of the world ' s population, while the rate of growth has remained at over 7 per cent and 12 per cent for cagr over 10 years, which is higher than the rate of Internet users.
At the same time, the daily use of social media has been steadily increasing, with 2.5 hours per day in the third quarter of 2021, accounting for 35.2 per cent of the length of the Internet, while in the third quarter of 2013 it was only 1.6 hours per day, accounting for 26.3 per cent of the length of the Internet and 5.3 per cent in the year August, with the variety of social media applications and fine-tuning of content in the future.
The global market for games has grown and the prospects for mobile end games are high. According to newszoo, the global market generated $17.58 billion in 2021, with 3 billion game players, the global market will reach $21.87 billion by 2024, while the number of players will reach 3.3 billion as the mainstream recreational mode for people, with the size of players.
Il, the diversity of the end of the game and the channels will allow the entire game market to double the number of users and the income of the business. Of this, the mobile game market is the most significant growth point, with the global mobile game market of $93.2 billion in 2021, an increase of 20.7 per cent, or 52 per cent of the overall game market (smart cell phone end + flat board), convenient, fragmented and ready to play anywhere.
Keys such as these become the pronouns for mobile games, while more mature game-making techniques and large user markets will help move the market further.3 The global layout of the Internet, with multi-platform operations developing in tandem, will help to expand the market.
3.1 Starmaker leads the k-toe social stream, and k-toe is a master advantage of an overseas audio social platform that captures a tight user community and competes with emerging markets. By 2020, disposes of the grinder industry stargroup's main product, starmaker, as a technology-driven medium focused on music.
The company, which is also China's interactive entertainment industry, has gone out to sea and now accounts for hundreds of millions of users worldwide. Starmaker uses the k-song on-line as the main catcher, cutting into online entertainment scenes such as voice chat rooms, live broadcasts, leisure games, etc., while introducing a family operating system that allows users to form very close social relationships within the platform, enhancing the platform's stickyness and sense of user belonging.
High efficiency and user retention rates have effectively reduced the cost of receiving visitors. According to seven wheat data, as of 9 February 2022, the .iphone music is ranked in the global ranking of the app bestseller.Starmaker has performed well in South-East Asia, the Middle East, Europe and America, Latin America, among them in the Philippines, Brunei, Qatar, Qatar, and others.
The country is ranked Top10. Through a standardized system of territorial expansion, the Stargroup is expanding its niche markets from the old regions of South-East Asia, the Middle East to Europe and America and Latin America, now covering more than 150 countries and becoming a head audio application in the multi-field market.
The “familyization” business model enhances user stickyness, multistars, and web-red interactions increase visibility. Starmaker insists on k-song socialization as the main route, achieving monthly gains for the first time in 2019, after constantly optimizing business improvements and fine user drawings. As South-East Asia’s penetration and payment rates rise, and emerging markets expand, the first half of 2021 harvests have been achieved.
690 million yuan, an increase of 232 per cent in the same year, and a net interest rate of 13.9 per cent. Starmaker, in a unique “family” model, has a clear division of labour among its members, thus increasing the permeability of users while ensuring their proper functioning, allowing each “family” user a sense of belonging and achievement. In the first half of 2021, more than 20 million active users per month and an average of $5.41 a month, all of which remain fast.
In the future, the company will further explore ways to realize the social and audio entertainment field, and to open up emerging markets in the context of the South-East Asian niche market, with the promise of further upgrading the number of active users and increasing corporate performance. 3.2 Integrated entertainment platforms build foundations, and self-research games accelerate the growth of their performance.
The year was officially launched as the company ' s important global mobile game platform, whose business covers the development, distribution, transportation of arkgames and the realization of operating income of $390 million, of which 48 per cent is earned from overseas operations, covering niche markets such as Europe and the United States, Japan and South-East Asia; the net profit of 2021h1 is -027 million, with self-research games being released in the second half of the year, and with the introduction of new games
In the first half of 2021, tribal conflicts generated 120 million yuan and accounted for the largest share of the game business.
31.6%; while the traditional hot tour of the sacred domain of the Devil has achieved a revenue of $60 million, or 15.6%, the momentum is still strong: bleach frontier-spiritual awakening: Death is third in place, with a revenue of $150 million, or 13%, and the top three head games together are over 50%, with strong profitability. Meanwhile, corporate game research and development is continuing, with the two platforms in South-East Asia lined up in July 2021.
The mmorpg-type self-research game Thelegendofeverland, originally known as The Tower of the Holy Land, has been well received by the market and is expected to be launched in the mainland region in 2022, with a byte that will jump on the sole agent of the wholly-owned company ' s giant engine, and the market performance is to be expected.
Tribal conflict, the sacred realm of the devil, bleach-the awakening of the spirits: the valley of death and dragons.
• Tribal conflict: Royal Wars Table 1: A review of the main games
The mmorpg self-research game Thelegendofneverland, which has been well received by the market, is expected to be launched in the mainland region in the first quarter of 2022, and the game will be carried by by bits to the sole agent of the big, fully-owned engine. In addition, the company's self-researched B-girl card game, The Under Moon Seduce, is based on women from Toomey region.
Sexual interaction novel app developed to test excellent data in the European and American regions, with more than 45% retained the following day and 100% first month of product roi. Other fine games such as The Secret Call, Guardians, Dragon Legend are also to be expected.
Founded in the year, with three major business systems, namely, network game development, global game distribution, pc and mobile end software shops, the Division uses leisure games as entry points to launch local chess games such as mahjong, voivodship, etc., for 3-6-line urban users, and has over 10 years of game development and operation, with extensive experience in game production, advertising, marketing, etc.
User-friendly. And the company's home card model allows users to freely choose who to play, whether they're friends, friends, entertainers, or friends, to build and communicate in the same room.
Actively expand the exploration of game-type and liquidity services to increase user loyalty and secure market share. Since 2020, recreational activities have transformed the proxy card model into a direct purchase of cards by end-users and have continued to sink the market and cater to different regions.
In 2020, companies achieved a net profit of 980 million, a 29% increase in the market share, the second largest share of the same type of industry, and a smaller gap with the number of top border cities, far from third, with a strong user base and a moat. In the future, with the continuation of the strategy of differentiation, advertising, intermodals, etc.
The expansion of the mode of realization and the gradual improvement in the number and quality of users will lead to a further increase in dau and arpu. Figure 31: Leisure Recreation and net profits. Figure 32: 2021h1 card market share
3.3 The full-scale layout of the Internet ecology, the entry into the new business of meta-cosm dynamics, the search and advertising of the Internet ecology, and the distribution of the layout around the browser. The company acquired the Opra in January 2021, which completes the important puzzles of the integrated Internet platform plate.
One of the brands has now been transformed from an old browser to an al-driven information and service distribution platform. Opera is a product based on a mobile browser, covering pc browsers (operaformers, opragx) and mobile browsers (operamini, opraforandroid, opraforios), taking into account news distribution (operanews), game operations
(gamemakerstudio, gxc, social chats, etc.). There are now more than 400 million user groups with the main view of the OPERA browser, the flow of news distribution, the combination of game operations with the depth of the browser, and financial science and technology as supporting multi-operational distributions.
In 2021, Oela's search operation generated $122 million, an increase of 45.2 per cent over the previous year, and the advertising business achieved a steady increase since 2017, thanks to the continuous roll-out of OERA and the updating of browsers for different terminals, such as the Oelamani for small servers, the Opraforandroid for high-end Androids.
Custom improvements, optragx continues to be optimized as a computer game browser, etc., while opranews are the anchoring base of the piping user and outreach potential users; the pipranews service was first placed in the pipra browser in 2017, the official online mobile phone end application shop in 2018, which has been well received since its launch and is viewed through self-research ai technology with pepra
The size of the basic user base is huge, and the user growth is rapid in view of the sorting content of the browser, the multiple forms of precision distribution, the capture of target groups. In 2020, the pc end of the q4operanews reached 210 million, the end end end of the cell phone reached 040 million, and the number of the large base client groups based on the Opra browser gradually grew through itself.
A combination of game development and deployment of community ecology, the "opera+" model, marches into the universe. In 2019, the Opra launched the gx browser, acquired the gamemaker (gms) engine in 2021, and released the game community parlance.
Thégxc, since then, has started to build the meta-cosm by closing the game engine, gamemakerstudio, and game community platform gxc. Players can start the original game with an opragx browser, using the developers of gms to post the game one key on the gxc platform.
By combining game players and developers organically, lowering the development threshold for developers while providing players with a big amount of resources Players can swim clouds on the gxc web page without having to download to local terminals to ensure ease of play by playing with players. By using a powerful gml code for gms, using a visualized code system, dragand
Drop, which enables beginners to quickly enter the game code to ensure the motivation of the game developer. At the same time, gxc has set up player forums, creator incentives, etc., to encourage good interaction between players and players, players and creators, and to ensure that creators receive benefits and enhance user stickyness.
Assuming that 1:opra is a world-renowned browser, with a platform for information and service distribution, and that the oronews under the flag are on a step-by-step path to advanced countries like Europe and the United States, mau uplifts are also driving arpu: game engine gamemaker for game players is mounted by the opra gx browser, which forms an independent game community, gxc, with larger development space expected;
The business growth rate in 2021-2023 was 54 per cent/35/30 per cent and the Māori rate was stable at more than 96 per cent, respectively. Assuming that 2: the Stargroup was working through a standardized system of territorial expansion to access the commercialized liquidity route, with a gradual increase in penetration in the developed regions, it was expected to lead to a double increase in the value of mau and arpu, respectively, in 2021-2023.
Assumption 3: game business blocks, integrated entertainment platforms have a solid foundation for recreation. At the same time, the ktagames have continued to work on self-research games, with a projected revenue of 8/9.2/96 million yuan in 2021-2023, with a net interest rate of 0.5 per cent/1.5 per cent/2.5 per cent; leisure and recreation as cash cow business for companies, master chess entertainment, deep-down market, roll-out.
Assumption 4: The equity investment portfolio, where companies are continuously operating in the direction of social platforms, artificial intelligence, biopharmaceuticals, etc.
The Opra Opra valuations take Google, Peto, Amazon, compared to comparable companies in the same industry, which compares with the 22-year average of ps and 54.5% of the Kunlon stock. Considering that the Opra is expanding in the overseas market, it is complete.
Closed ring operations, giving 4 times ps slightly above industry level in 2022, and the market value of the plate is expected to be approximately $4.7 billion.
The Stargroup valuations take comparable companies from the same industry to perform music, deficit city technology, and correspondence groups, and compare them to $9.52 million per net profit. Given the strong social attributes of the Stargroup, and the first audio and video software to use k-style socialization, it maintains a high rate of growth abroad, giving them a 22-year double ps, and the market value of the plate is approximately $2.83 billion.
Table 4: Stargroup Comparisons with Valuations, Gameboards, Gameboard Valuations, Matching with Same Industry Game Cultures, Episode Networks, Perfect Worlds, Compared to Company
Averaging 13 times the average of 22 years. Klon Wanway's full holdings of recreational activities, kangames, considering that the R&D is nearing the end of the R&D process, new trips are expected to be commercialized, the share of the market associated with recreational activities may be raised further, the risks of playing industry policy, increased competition in the market, M&A operations are less than expected, and users are not growing as much as expected.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.