Signal system resonance with update needs, low-level control vanguard, November 22, 2024.
Keywords: #Current Reverse Congx: GTO signal system vanguard, national production replacement for personal history, company is the leading company in the trajectories signal system, national production in the trajectories signal system.
Billion dollars, equal to 4.30%, short-term performance pressure. Sub-operations, the main track communication signal system, 64% collection and 64% Māori, 23% revenue and 24% Māori from urban-orbit communication signal system operations, 4% revenue and 3% Māori from overseas operations, and 21% revenue and 8% Māori from total engineering contracting operations.
The company’s business model is order delivery, and the volume of orders in hand is a forward-looking guide to the company’s performance.
Longer-cycle, generally over two years, the revenue recognition model smooths corporate income fluctuations.  Railway communications signal system: new and renewed demand is resonant, market space is expected to expand continuously. 561.2 billion yuan in fixed-assets investment in our railways was completed in January-September 2024, compared to 10% in January 2024, and is back on track.
Inter-Sioux, signal systems will benefit from a synchronized approach as a major investment. New markets for railway signalling systems match demand with demand for renewal, with new demand: 53,000 km of high-speed railways in 2027, and steady progress in high-speed railway construction will lead to an increase in demand for an accompanying signal system; and new demand: high-speed iron.
The road signal system is updated over a 10-year period and the new high-speed rail signal system in 2014-2015 is on the update cycle, and the signal system update needs are expected to be released gradually.
Since 2020, the construction of our urban track has slowed, new requirements for the urban track signal system have been kept under pressure, and we are now operating a 10-year-old urban track line close to 2,000 km in order to ensure a safety signal system for trains and trains, corresponding to an additional 21.3 billion yuan in signal system requirements; in terms of updating the demand: the country has been operating for more than 10 years.
The city-track signal system has long-term space and is expected to gradually release demand.
During the first three quarters of 2024, when the company entered a new contract order of $5.7 billion, or 77 per cent of the same period, the engineering portfolio was restructured to accelerate its withdrawal from the municipal housing construction area and to focus further on the interface control system support areas.
Looking at the light-loading, focusing on deep-cultivating signalling systems and continuously improving market competitiveness.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: in terms of performance, the demand for railway signalling systems goes to the city-track signal system; in general, the demand for firm profitability is guaranteed; in terms of valuation, the company’s valuation level has traditionally been at the crossroads.
1. Key assumptions, drivers: 1) Railway operations mileage planning leads to steady progress in line construction and simultaneous upscaling of signal system needs: in the context of the recovery of fixed-assets investment in railways, railway operations mileage construction is expected to progress steadily in line with the plan guidance, corresponding to the upscaling of the demand for accompanying railway communications signal systems.
2) In 2014-2015, for the period of the new high-speed iron peak, the corresponding mileage has been introduced into the system renewal cycle: for the purposes of road safety, the high-speed railway signal update cycle is 10 years, and for the period 2014-2015, the new high-speed rail peak period is expected to be gradually released. 3) The urban track is almost 2,000 kilometres operational and the signal system update is on schedule: the country currently operates the urban track for more than 15 years.
562 km of roads and 1354 km of urban rail lines for 10-15 years, which are expected to release future demand for 19.2 billion yuan in signalling systems. 4) The overall engineering contracting structure is optimized and will be expected to be light-loaded in the future: companies will gradually withdraw from the municipal housing sector in the future, and the optimal business structure is expected to generate greater profitability in the medium to long term.
Our view is different from that of the market: the country's railway construction has been slower in the year as a result of the epidemic, and a sustained recovery in railway investment in 2024 is expected to accelerate the pace of the construction of the line, which will lead to the acceleration of the release of the demand for communication and signalling systems.
2) The “debts” policy is expected to be in place at the bottom of the city track, and the new and renewed market space is expected to be much better: since 2021, urban track construction has slowed down mainly by regulating the hidden debt of local governments, the “debts” policy is expected to contribute $12 trillion to alleviating the hidden debt of local governments, and urban track construction is expected to improve simultaneously.
In the short term, the pace at which new orders and orders are translated into performance is an important share price driver.
2. Long-term perspective: progress in the construction of mileage for high-speed railway operations, a steady drop-off point for the overall construction of the urban track, and the completion point of the transformation of the general contracting structure of the project
The company has been engaged in a system of transmitting signals for 70 years. China’s front line dates back to 1953, the Ministry of Railways’ Communications Signal Engineering Company, which was established in 2010, was listed in Hong Kong in 2015 and in 2019. The company’s deep-dry system of transmitting signals has achieved the country’s transmission signal for more than 70 years.
Intelligentity and autonomous control of the system. During the sixth national railway lift in 2007, the company’s autonomous ctcs-2-line control system accelerated to 250 km/h, and the company’s autonomous research and development of ctcs-3+ato in 2018 led to an era of 350 km/h autopilot.
1.2. The company has a stable corporate equity structure, a clear business profile for the subsidiary. The shareholders in the company are the China Railway Communications Signals Group Ltd., and there is a clear division of business between the subsidiaries. The shareholders in the company are China Railway Communications Signals Group Ltd., under the State Treasury of the State Council, and hold the China Express 62.46%.
The company has a large number of subsidiaries that are involved in the manufacture of railway/traffic signalling equipment, the design of communications systems, the integration of communications systems and the contracting of communications systems.
The company's business is mainly the design, manufacture, integration, construction of railway and urban-track communication signals systems, which have been affected by the epidemic since 2020, with the company building slightly on hand-order projects.
Railway operations have continued to grow with overseas operations, with city track operations and general contracting for engineering under pressure. Subcontracting companies have seen a relatively smooth growth rate in their operations in 2023 and before, owing to the fact that all of the company’s operations are on order delivery, with a long revenue recognition cycle from order signing to recognition, and the phased revenue recognition model smooths the company’s performance.
The pace of growth in business growth in 2024 has split, with the railway operations of 2024q1-3 maintaining pressure on overseas operations to reach $5.1 billion and $1.9 billion, respectively, at a rate of -12% and -68% respectively. The drop in the gross-producer-to-work ratio is the main reason for the company’s overall recovery.
The diversification of sub-business performance has resulted in an optimal business structure and an increasing share of high Māori operations. Since 2024, the growth rate of the public sector’s operations has been increasing at a rate that has resulted in a synchronized change in the corporate income structure.
The Māori ratio for the company 2018-2024q1-3 increased from 23 per cent to 30 per cent and 7 pct, mainly as a result of the company's relatively high Māori ratio of railway operations to higher overseas revenue; the cost of the company's period rose from 11 per cent in 2018 to a stable new contract of around $73 billion a year, and business openings progressed steadily, but the rate of increase in downstream orders varied.
The new single-same 10 per cent for the Division's railway signalling system, accompanied by a recovery in fixed-assets investment in railways in 2023, followed by a successive increase of +8 per cent/+2 per cent in the total contracting order of railway terminals, which effectively smoothed down the downside order of railways during the same period.
In the same period, the main railway operation was signed for $14.6 billion, equal to $3.9 billion, a 95% increase over the same period. Our judgement is that the order is gradually being recovered and converted into income, and that it is expected to make a sustained profit in future.
1.4. Corporate interest payments are more stable and are high-quality dividends assets The firm has a stable share in dividends payments, with a high rate of dividends showing the asset value of dividends. In the context of performance 2019-2023, the company still maintains a rate of interest payments of more than 50 per cent, with a high priority given to shareholder returns.
2. Communications signal systems: the cornerstone of the safety of rail traffic, the vast market space for line upgrading, 2.1. The communication signal system is located in the middle of the railing industrial chain, the “brain” of the orbital traffic is numerous, and the communication signal system is located in the industrial chain. The orbital link can be divided into upper and lower.
Swimming, which includes the design and land-building components of the turnover equipment, including mechanical spare parts, mechanical and electrical equipment and systems, and whole-car manufacturing, downstream, including railway operations, and security-detection maintenance.
In the case of high-speed rail construction, the construction cycle consists of six links: forward work, underline construction and beaming, sorghums and base pre-pressure, orbital engineering, post-station engineering, intercom testing.
Investments are in the post-cycle of investments in fixed assets in railways. The rail track requires the deployment of corresponding communication signal systems to ensure timely coordination with the command and control centre during train operations.
For a long time now, our rail-to-city signal system, which is the main end market in the field of rail-to-city communication systems, has become autonomous. For a long time, it has relied on the introduction of advanced technology from abroad (Alston, Siemens, Japan, etc.) and there is confusion between technical standards and specifications.
In the process of sub-speeding, the country has focused on the difficult area of trans-shipment communication signal systems, which are gradually becoming fully autonomous. In the area of railway control systems, our ctcs system has been fully autonomous at 160-350 km/h per hour; and in the area of urban rail control systems, our cbtc system has been fully autonomous.
2.2. Rail communications signal systems: the investment of fixed assets in railways has recovered and the demand for upgrading is expected to continue on a continuous basis. Rail communications signal systems can be divided into vehicle-borne and ground-based equipment, in which vehicle-borne equipment is primarily responsible for sending and receiving signals from ground-based equipment and controlling the speed of train movements.
And central equipment, which is primarily a base station where the rails interact with the vehicle system, the station equipment is a small-unit control centre, which controls the train entry/exit station, the central equipment is a centralized dispatch system, central control of the railway signal equipment in a sector and direct command of the train operations.
Several links, such as construction, are central to the construction of a communication signal system, which is more valuable than a standard product, with a relatively small amount of vehicle-borne equipment. The construction of a communication signal system is part of the construction of fixed-assets investments in railways, which are planned by the National Iron Group.
The fixed-asset investment plan is part of our national economic plan, which is financed by the Ministry of Finance and implemented on behalf of the National Iron Group.
The construction of the communications signal system consists mainly of engineering design, system integration, equipment manufacturing, and system delivery. The construction of the communications signal system is an important link in the railing industry chain, accounting for about 6% of the total cost.
As a proportion of the cost of the link, civil construction and engineering accounted for a relatively high share, which together amounted to 61 per cent. The cost of the signal system as a complement to the line was 6 per cent. There were fewer qualified suppliers in the railway signalling system industry and competition patterns were excellent.
There are fewer firms with qualified qualifications and competitive patterns in the industry. According to the Chinese report No. 2023, the Chinese Express has the highest rate of 65% of cities in the area of high-speed railway signalling systems, and the overall competition is stronger than the iron court, and it is the country’s well-deserved leading signalling system.
Figure 20: Cost of links in the orbital transport industry chain (%): Competition patterns in the market for high-iron communication signal systems (%). Rail mileage construction has strong planning attributes and rail fixed asset investment recovery guarantee schemes are in place.
The Five-Year Plan of Action (2023-2027) states that by 2027 we will have 170,000 kilometres of railway operations, including 53,000 kilometres of high-speed railways and 117,000 kilometres of speed railways, and a steady increase in the mileage of railway operations will create a demand for a communications signal system. Moreover, railway construction will require investment in fixed assets, supported by “1455”
Road investment is relatively low, with an average of $887.8 billion in fixed-assets investment expected to be completed in 2024-2025 to meet planning targets. The recovery in fixed-assets investment in railways is a key guarantee of steady progress in the construction of mileage for railway operations, and is expected to drive up demand for an accompanying communication signal system.
In the last five years, the China-China-China-China-China-China-Train-Train-Train-Train-Train-Trail-Trail-Trail-Trail-Trail-Trail-Trail-Trail-Trail-Trail-Tree-Tree-Tree-Tree-Tree-Tree-Tree-Tree-Tree-Tree-Tree-Tree-Tree-Tree-Tree-Tree-Tree-Tree-Tree-Tree-Tree-Tree-Tree-Tree-Tree-Tree-Tree-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Se-Se-Se-Se-Te-Te-Se-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Se-Se-Se-Se-Te-Te-Te-Se-T-Te-Se-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-Te-E-E-Te-Te-Te-Te-E-E-E-E-
The completion of the asset investment was 764.5 billion yuan, compared with + 8 per cent, and the recovery of the railway fixed asset investment led to a call for a communications signal system. In 2023, China's railway terminal signed a new stand of 25.1 billion yuan, equivalent to +5 per cent. In 2024, the railway fixed asset investment recovered at a faster pace, with the company maintaining its growth rate at the same pace as the new one signed by the railway terminal in the first three quarters of 2024.
In order to ensure the safety of the train, the old railway signal system has been updated and placed on the agenda. The railway signal system is the “eye” and “ear” of railway traffic, and the normal operation of the communication signal system is a matter of car safety.
Books, the life cycle of the high-iron/plate signal system generally lasts 10/15 years, with a new mileage peak for our high-speed railway from 2014-2016, and a new mileage peak for our general-speed railway from 2009 to 2011, with the year 2024-2026 being the year of centralized release of renewed demand.
The demand for new and updated systems is symbiotic, and the demand for railway signalling systems is expected to increase in 2024. We measure the size of the market for new and new demand, disaggregated by ground and vehicle equipment, and it is expected that in 2024 the market space for railway signalling systems will reach $21.6 billion, or +12 per cent.
1) Additional equipment needs on the ground: according to the Five-Year Plan of Action to Accelerate the Construction of Transportation Power (2023-2027), 10,000 km, which makes it possible to calculate that a total of 0.07 million km of a normal-speed railway and 0.2 million km or more in 2024-2027 will be required, and that the cost of a new high-speed railway signal system project will be about 3.5 billion yuan or more.
In 2024-2027, the average annual market space for the new signal system on the universal railway was about 1.1 billion yuan, and the market space for the new signal system on the high-speed railway was about 7 billion yuan.) The need for equipment upgrades on the ground: according to the China Express offer, the high-speed rail control system is updated on a regular basis.
The signal system that needed to be updated in the previous year was 50 per cent mileage in the same year and another 50 per cent mileage in the following year, which results in a market space of approximately 2,435/41/39 billion yuan in 2024-2027 and $89,110/82/67 billion in the high-speed railway update system.
3) Requirements for vehicle-borne equipment: Communications signal equipment has a smaller value than equipment on the ground, and the unit cost of moving vehicle-car-mounted equipment is approximately 2.73 million yuan per unit. Considering the need to install new vehicle-mounted equipment in both the start-up and the fifth level repairs, the market space for vehicle-mounted equipment is expected to be 2.129/20/22 billion in 2024-2027.
Combined with the above data, it is expected that in 2024-2027, the country ' s rail signal system market space will reach 2.3. Urban-orbit communication signal systems: new short-term pressure on demand, updated demand on schedule. The urban-orbit communication signal system principles are similar to those of the railway signal system.
Similarly, our urban-track communication signal system has evolved from technology to independence. The communications signal system has mainly imported the products of Alston and Siemens into our city-to-city track. The cbtc system, developed autonomously by the Chinese Express in 2014, was applied for the first time to the Beijing subway line 8, declaring our urban-track communication signal system to be in a state of self-control.
The principles of the signal system are similar to those of the rail signal system, which is also divided between equipment on the ground and vehicle-borne equipment, in which the value of the equipment is higher. The pattern of competition in the city-to-city signal system is relatively fragmented.
Unlike the relative concentration of the railway signalling system, which operates more heavily, the market competes more strongly. In 2023, the Chinese company Cassco and the Tonton city were 28% and 6% respectively, and the Chinese Express combined occupied the city track signal system.
Since 2020, the rate of construction of the urban track has slowed. According to the Chinese Urban Orbital Transport Association, the construction of the urban track was in a fast-growing phase from 2011 to 2020, with the annual completion of investment in urban track construction increasing from $162.8 billion to $16.2 billion.
628.6 billion yuan, cagr = 16%, and during the same period, the number of additional operating miles increased from 258 km to 1234 km, cagr = 19%. But the pace of construction of the urban track slowed down after 2020, with investment in urban track construction falling to $5.214 million in 2023, new urban track operations falling to 937 km.
The overall process of building the urban track has slowed, with companies placing double pressure on the end of their orders and on the receiving end. Under the influence of national policy controls, new projects in the urban track have been tightened, the process of building the project has slowed, and the company’s urban signal system has been synchronized.
In the first three quarters of the year, the company’s urban track terminal signed a new contract of $4.9 billion, or 49 per cent, and in the same period, the company’s urban track terminal earned $5.1 billion, or -12 per cent of its operating income. The “debt-diversion” policy is expected to provide a foundation for the construction of the urban track.
The Committee considered and approved the State Council Bill to Request Consideration of the Proposal to Increase Local Government Debt Limits for Stock-in-Deposit Debts, which, from 2024 onwards, will increase our local government debt limits by $6 trillion for stock-in-deposit debt; and, for the next five years, the allocation of $800 billion per year from new local government-specific bonds for debt-diversion, with two policies cumulatively straight
This localization policy, supported by a total of $12 trillion, is expected to alleviate the pressure on local governments’ hidden debt. The tightening of city-track approvals is mainly due to the State’s “debt conversion” in order to guard against the hidden debt problems of local governments.
From the bottom up, we're going to need about $40 billion in space for our city-track communication system. We've chosen bottom-up analysis to measure the city-track plans for new mileage and more than 10 years of operation.
The potential demand space for the telecommunication signal system is about $21.3 billion in new demand market space, approximately $19.2 billion in new demand market space for 10 years of operation of the on-line signal system, totalling $40.5 billion. 1) Additional demand for urban orbital signal systems: based on rt orbital traffic data, the country is expected to have 2024-2025
2131 km of new city-orbit signal system tender. The cbtc signal system is about $100 million/km, which calculates that my city-track new signal system market space is about $21.31 billion. 2) Urban-track signal system updating needs: based on rt-orbit traffic data, we are now operating cities for more than 15 years.
With a total of 562 km of orbital lines and 1354 km of urban orbital lines operating for 10-15 years, at a price of 100 million yuan/km of upgrades, the operation of an orbital orbital route for more than 10 years will result in a communication signal system requirement of 19.16 billion yuan.
3. Business restructuring is expected to reverse the short-term pressure on performance 3.1. Corporate engineering, which has a strong synergy with the main industry, has a better profit margin than its peers
The company’s main engineering contractor is one of the company’s most important businesses and has a better profitability than its peers. The company’s main engineering contractor is in four main directions: track control system packages, trams, smart cities, and municipal works.
In comparison with China-China-China iron and China-Turkish, China-China-China-Turkish Corporation in the area of general contracting, the Māori ratio in the overall Māori rate in China-Mino-Tech and China-Turkish-Tech is slightly higher. 3.2. Business structure transformation suffered short-term pains, and overseas orders performed excellently.
The company ' s main engineering contracting business is in a period of restructuring, with orders and short-term pains. The 2024q3 company ' s newly signed track terminal order is $5.7 billion, or 77 per cent, compared to $1.9 billion, or 68 per cent, of the total engineering contract business during the same period.
With the restructuring of the business, the company is expected to further reduce business risks and focus further on the deep-dry communication signal industry chain, and the business synergies are expected to increase further.
▪ New contract for engineering (billion yuan)—oy (%) Joint overseas purchase orders for the main telecommunications service, with broad prospects for the future. 1 April 2024, 100 million yuan; and 12 August 2024, supply of signal systems for the São Paulo Inter-City Railway North Axis Project, China.
As a result of the installation work, the American market was opened again. The Chinese Express has made successive orders for overseas work, highlighting the hard products and technological capabilities that are expected to open up the overseas market in the future.
1. Reconciling the demand for new and renewed railway signalling systems: investment in fixed railways affected by the epidemic slowed in 2021-2022, and investment in fixed railway assets under the 14th Five-Year Plan is expected to be completed in 2024-2025.
Road communications signal system operating revenue up. 2) The city track signal system renewal needs are expected to be released gradually: new urban track lines are under short-term pressure, old lines are in progress. The update cycle brings new signal system requirements.
Up to 1916 kilometres, the communications signal system is up to date to ensure operational safety. The company’s urban-track communications system operations are expected to benefit from synchronization.
Strategic adjustments are made to accelerate the exit from municipal housing operations, resulting in short-term pressure on orders and receipts.
(1) Railway signalling systems: the railway signalling system is the core business of the company, and the company's railway signalling system operations are expected to enter the upscaling route in the context of the recovery of fixed railway capital investment, clear guidelines for high-speed railway construction, and the updating of the old line signal system.
(2) Urban-orbit communication signal system: the operation of the urban-orbit communication signal system is affected by the approval of the national compact urban-tracking project Short-term pressure on the operation of the 10-year-old routing signal system to update the calendar to open the city-track signal (3) Overseas operations: the base of overseas operations is small but growing faster, and corporate communications signal technology is now complete
The company also has the ability to design, make, integrate, and build a whole chain of services that can provide a full set of solutions for its clients. With strong technological reserves and services, the company’s overseas operations are expected to continue to grow.
In the long run, the main contractor for engineering is expected to create synergies between the system's support systems and the company's continuous growth in the area of communication signals.
For comparable companies, the company ' s main business is a transhipment signal system, where we select technology for control (688015.sh), Time Electric (6888187.sh), Thought Control (603508.sh) as a leading company in the GSM, with a strong core business position and a high level of market recognition.
The company ' s railway signalling system operations are basically robust, with clear demand for new and updated railways in the country, with the prospect of simultaneous benefits to be derived from the construction of the auxiliary communication signal system; the urban track signal system is under short-term pressure, but the need to upgrade the signal system for the future operation of the system over 10 years will gradually be released, leading to a steady improvement in the operations of the company ' s urban signal system overseas;
The rapid pace of business development in recent years is expected to continue to increase in the future, with the duality of technological and service advantages of the company; and the short-term pressure of the restructuring of the total-range contracting operation, with the prospect of greater focus on the main sector in the future, which is expected to bring about better synergies.
Investments in fixed assets are closely linked. If railway fixed assets are invested less than expected, railway signalling system operations.
The construction of the communications signalling system is largely planned by the state and local governments, while the state’s fiscal expenditures are highly correlated with macroeconomics. The healthy growth of the company’s operations and macroeconomic trends are certain.