Strongly recommended (first coverage) significant advantages of large wealth management operations - Eastern securities (600958.sh) first coverage report
The company’s business performance is remarkable. From Shanghai, the company is the fifth a+h shareholder in the industry, with a fragmented equity structure. The company ranks first 15 in the industry on several indicators, such as net assets, operating earnings and net profits, and the net management income is the first in five years in a row.
The company has a competitive advantage in the Great Wealth Management track. We define it as managing the business, the public and private fund-raising business, the sales business, and the fund-raising business.
Should and pre-existing advantages: rapid growth in corporate marketing of financial products and the creation of a closed product-based feature that objectively avoids large fluctuations in performance; investment in corporate funds to open the business by building their own brand + introducing the big V of the finance economy, with faster growth in size and brand influence
In 2021, revenues from managing corporate large wealth operations (Investment Management Business Income + Net Income from Substitute Financial Products) were $6,096 million, compared to 27%. Revenue from large wealth management operations amounted to 25%, compared to last year's +4pc.
Personal pension entry is expected to lead to an increase in the company’s performance. 1) In terms of product layout, the well-established system of Eastern credit and enrichment pension products and the better performance of the products contribute to opening up the company’s personal pension business in the short term: 2) 2 investment concepts
The company has a professional investment team and maintains a long-term value investment concept compatible with the characteristics of long-term pension needs; 3) In terms of the management model, individual pensions are expected to take an internal Fof+internal fund plus proactive management approach, alternative fund-making within the company
The company’s competitive advantage is expected to continue to grow as a result of a variety of products, the rapid development of marketing operations that provide a reference for future market openings.
The top-level effects of the cards and the transformation of the wealth management business have deepened, and individual pension entry is expected to change for a long time, with a constant focus on the value of non-sink block allocation.
For the first time, the East Asia Pre-Sea Bank Weekly Report: Life Insurance Rapids Back to Development Prospects was covered with a “strongly recommended” rating.
Already, life-risk liabilities are still under pressure. Public fund markets are developing weakly, investment returns are volatile, and market activity is declining.
We define the vast wealth management business broadly as one that is represented by a fund-raising fund and one that is represented by sales and investments. The public management business is in the forefront of the industry, with management size and performance leading the business, the company.
In the long run, it benefits from the public interest in the long term.
The development of fund-raising markets and changes in the asset allocation structure of the population, the continued development of large wealth management operations are expected to reshape the company’s growth logic and drive higher performance. We measure the impact of individual pension-in-market policies on corporate profits.
The introduction of a public investment fund policy is expected to generate a substantial increase in the public fund industry. Thanks to the company’s ownership, the top-level effects of two major public fund brands, and the rapid growth of corporate sales of financial products, we believe that companies will be more competitive in the pension market.
The introduction of pension products from the perspective of the sale of financial products and public funds is measured in terms of personal support: the increase in the net return profit of Eastern securities in 2025 and 2030 was $30 million.
2.1. The company originated in Shanghai and was listed as “a+h” as the fifth “a+h” vendor in the industry. The Eastern securities were established in Shanghai in 1998 and, after 24 years of development, gradually expanded its operations throughout the country.
In 2015, the company completed a stock listing and was committed to providing one-stop specialized and comprehensive financial services. The company established the Richm Foundation in 2005, the Eastern Futures in 2007 and the Eastern Capital, the Eastern Capital and the Eastern Capital in 2010.
By the end of 2021, the company had six full-time corporate divisions, and 35.41% of the equity of the Futility Fund Management Company Ltd., providing investors with a full range of financial services such as securities, futures, asset management, financial management, investment management, investment advice, and securities research.
The company has no real control.