Performance has demonstrated resilience, and the Eight Projects have driven Ma to a new journey to Chinese life (601628.sh)
Events: Chinese Life Report 2022, 82.655 billion yuan in business revenue in 2022, Wang Qing Dynasty has kept the market ahead in terms of value of scale, and core indicators have remained robust. In 2022, the company achieved a premium.
\triangleright takes the lead in corporate income, while the liability end business structure continues to be optimized.
The effect of the reforms is gradually becoming apparent, and the “G8” strategy is expected to enhance the development of dynamic energy. 1) Through the continuous promotion of the “building of the marketing system”, the company will be able to improve its marketing team, its structure and quality, and its per capita capacity to deliver production will be improved significantly; and the company's product innovation and supply capacity will continue to grow.
Increased experience of business service innovation and intensive operations, digital transition to a new step, leading the data management industry. 2) Since the end of 2022, the company has launched a new business strategy - the “eight major projects”, focused on party leadership, mechanism optimization, marketing reform,
Innovations and breakthroughs in the areas of resource integration, management innovation, ecological drive, and the “Ten Projects” have the potential to fully upgrade corporate dynamics and accelerate qualitative, efficiency and dynamic change. 729,000 people, of whom 720,000 are at risk, are sold, looking at the workforce as a whole
The fall slowed down, and the sales force became more stable. The company maintained a strategy of "stable, stable, efficient" team development, with a continuous increase in the quality and productivity of the team, with 51.7% higher premiums per capita in the first year of 2022.
To accelerate the process of professionalization and professional transformation of the workforce, by the end of 2022, the number of sales workers was 668,000, of which 43 million were in the marketing workforce, 238,000 were in the production team; the proportion of the merit group remained stable.
The volatility of the equity market in Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. influences the performance of total investment returns.
\triangleright net return on investment of 4.00 per cent, i.e. 1.04 pct and i.0.38 pct, i.e. the same return on investment.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We believe that corporate performance in 2022 is overall in line with expectations, that \triangleright's size and value indicators are leading the industry, and that the reform of channels continues to promote the professionalization and professionalization of the workforce.
The company has officially launched the “G8 Project” strategy, which continues to deepen the implementation of foundation restoration and hard work, and is expected to contribute to the creation of risk factors: the recovery of agents affected by the epidemic is not as fast as expected; and the growth of agents.
\triangleright Difficulty and declining capacity led to a loss of people; sharp decline in investment returns due to large volatility in capital markets, figure 3: Number of agents (millions) and speed of growth
Figure 4: New business values (millions of dollars) and new business values International finance profession, former Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Industry, General Manager of the Yonghai Leasing Operations Department, formerly employed in China Xinjiang Portfolio, and Hakubo Securities. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019.
Bonds, Treasure Bonds, 2022 in Sunda Securities, 2019 in Small and Medium Markets Industry Studies, 2019 in "Sinai Golden Valium, New Light, Mob. Master's degree in Economics, University of Shandong, Master's degree in Economics, Ange School of Higher Business, France, three years of non-monetary financial research experience, formerly employed in Tianfeng Securities, August 2022 in Sunda Securities, and research in non-monetary finance.
Zhang Kaichen, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Actuarial Science, Boston University, four-year experience in the actuarials industry, June 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for non-monetary financial research, Liao Yi-chung, Master of Arts, National University of Singapore, Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, and candidate for the College of Honors, Financial Science Experiment.
In November 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre to carry out banking research. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.