A single season with a small decline in the base, the profitability is still good, the three-quarterly review of the North (000786), 2018, the North.
A small decline in operating income, Māori, has declined the same year. Corporate operating income in the third quarter of 2018 was RMB 3,524 million, down 0.60 per cent from the same period in the previous year, and the volume of products sold and unit prices in the third quarter of 2017, which led to a significant increase in the base for the same period last year.
The Māori rate for Doo is 35.98 per cent, a decrease of 1.85 percentage points from the previous year, which is still at a high level.
The net interest rate of the company for the third quarter was 21.28 per cent, a decline of 3.78 percentage points from the previous period to 5.52 per cent per single quarter of the company, a decrease of 2.36 percentage points from the same period \triangleright 8 times, 7 times and 6 times, respectively. Given the company's role as the leader of the gypsum industry, brand advantage was prominent and market ownership was high, benefiting from the ring.
Keeping the company’s “very recommended” investment rating.
Figure 1: Change in the Māori ratio for new wood construction in the North, Figure 2: Change in the ratio of assets and liabilities for new wood construction in the North, Figure 3: Change in the rate of net assets return for the single quarter of new wood construction in the North
Figure 4: First-quarter operating income from the new North, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East.
In 2008, the Central University of Finance and Economics entered the securities industry, with many years of experience in industrial research, and in 2011 with the Alliance Eun Hing securities, engaged in building materials and analyzing its own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies