New construction materials in the north (000786), falling performance in the third quarter of the year, keeping in mind the high market position of the company, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Incidents: 3-quarterly reports issued by the company in 2018, which generated operating income of RMB 9.51 billion in January-September, an increase of 17.3 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother of RMB 2.04 billion, an increase of 30.6 per cent over the same period; net cash flows from operating activities of RMB 1.85 billion, an increase of 0.32 per cent over the same period; and basic earnings of $1.16 per share.
Now, the dealer pre-positions the product in three or four quarters, with an increase of 173% in short-term performance, the environmental inspector moves into normality, the firm’s steady profitability remains based on cost and cost controls, and the company’s performance has grown steadily throughout 2018. The company, as a leader in the industry, has a clear advantage in cost and cost control.
It is clear that price increases in raw materials are spread downstream and Māori rates and net interest rates are maintained at high levels, while for other small enterprises in the industry, cost controls are weak and prices of raw materials in the context of environmental inspectors may be maintained at high levels, which will accelerate the exit of such enterprises from the market.
• In the long term, the company is looking at a further increase in market ownership and beneficial assembly construction. (1) The company’s products and a new wave of Thaksin gypsum are being implemented, bringing the company’s future total gypsum capacity to 3 billion m2/year: in 2018, the company’s proposed consolidation of the second largest enterprise in the industry, Shandong’s construction materials, has further enhanced the company’s presence in stone.
Investments and layouts in the ointment industry. The company’s share of cities in the western and southern regions is lower than in the northern regions. In terms of public production expansion, the distribution of the south and west regions has increased, and the company’s overall presence is expected to increase further. (2) The gypsum is the ideal wall material in the assembly building, which is the boom in the assembly construction industry.
At this point, the company may have a significant benefit.
In the next three years, the net return profit will remain at a compound rate of 20.6%. Considering the company's upgrading and assembly of buildings in the plasterboard industry (2018-03-18)
Risks; (3) the risk of high-value overseas litigation; and (4) the risk of low-intensity build-up. Assuming that 1: a new round of production plans for new wood construction in the North and Tarzan gypsum are carried forward in an orderly manner, corporate gypsum products are located in the south and west.
Assumption 2: a slowdown in the domestic economic growth rate, a generally stable policy of real estate regulation, a steady exit from the gypsum industry, a gradual growth in the company’s capacity, a modest increase in the price of the gypsum from 2018 to 2020, and an increase in the order rate of 15 per cent, respectively
Assumption 3: No significant change in the cost rate during the company period. Based on the above assumptions, we project the cost of the company ' s sub-operational income for 2018-2020 as follows:
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.