On August 19, 2025, the company took over the first large-scale all-liquid cold intelligence data centre in Hong Kong, Australasia, China.
US Group (stock code: 000333) : On August 18, U.S. Group (000333) stated on the interactive platform that smart architecture under the corporate flag, with its leading product power, had taken over China Telecom (601728), the first largest area in the Great Bay of Australasia.
At the same time, companies and domestic Internet head companies have worked in depth to develop ICF systems and critical components and supply products such as cdu.
Reverse to the energy-handling effect of the Cano cycle, expanding the global heating and air-conditioning industry chain boundary: 1) Heating air-conditioning includes all types of buildings around the world, and is even derived from industrial products, extending to new energy car heat management, large-scale storage temperature control, and high-windowing channels such as data centre fluid cooling. 2) Global warming
With the exception of China's electric taps (U.S., G., Heir, Hayes), the central air-conditioning giants, such as Dakin, Kailey, and Terem, occupy high-end markets with process and technical barriers.
Industrialization + data centres invest in a wave of industrial and industrial heating needs, with such North American flagship orders as Turing full and revalued. 3) The trio is a leader in the field of heat management for new energy vehicles, thanks to technological and process advantages in the chain valves of the heating and air conditioning industry; the environment follows.
From a global perspective, the global heating industry has a number of blooms: 1) some investors are confined to China only to air conditioning, with less room for penetration, and some investors are concerned only with the water cooling of data centres. 2) From a global perspective, major growth points in the global heating and air conditioning industry chain include the replacement of gas boilers by heat pumps in Europe, leading to the re-establishment of the market.
The opportunities for integration, the growth of industrial and industrial central air demand due to the return of industry to the United States, the heating of storage and data centres, Lewis/Liquid Cold, emerging markets, and European domestic air conditioning penetration.
The competition was fierce, and the European Heating Corporation was frequently M&Ads, such as the United States acquisition of Europe's arboniaag under the flag of Europe's arboniaclimat; the Kelley global acquisition of the Fistman Climate Solutions in Germany; and the Great Gold Industries acquisition of the Swedish heat pump service kylslaget, among others.
Why is it a double-twin business and industrial solution business with electricity and heat in 2024, 25.7 per cent of total revenue, leading both the consumer and industrial industries? (ii) The smart architecture and technology industry in the United States is centred on the central air conditioning of industry and industry, developing diversified lines of business, including elevators, energy, building controls.
In 2024, smart architecture and technology earned 28.470 billion yuan, an increase of 9.9 per cent in the same year, and branch operating 17.5 per cent, a high-profit business. In 2025q1, smart architecture and technology earned 9.9 billion yuan, a ratio of +20 per cent, and completed the period of ownership of Europe ' s arbonia climate operations and the Toshiba elevator in China.
We expect intelligent architecture and technology to continue to grow at a high rate. Investment proposals suggest that companies currently value less than the U.S.-Japan heating and air conditioning pole valuation, and less than a share of the thermal tubes, which are relatively deep at 300.
We expect the profits to rise as the industrial business of the company grows faster; the market interest rate has fallen and the company’s high dividends and red rates of return have become more attractive. The future valuation will be steady: the company achieved business income of $40.71 billion in 2024, an increase of 9.4 per cent compared with that of smart households/new energy sources and industrial technology/intellectuals.
In 2024, the division reported a rapid increase of $2952/288/403/44.7 million for smart home operations/smart architecture technology/new energy and industrial technologies/other divisions and an undistributed amount of foreign trade revenues, respectively, compared to +10.6 per cent/+9.4 per cent/+19 per cent; and 9.9 billion yuan in smart architecture technology, compared to +20 per cent, with the completion of climate operations in Europe, and the completion of electricity in Toshiba.
The acquisition of Tung China’s shareholdings has improved the layout; robotics and automation, $7.3 billion + 9%, have developed poorly in Kuka in recent years, but the region’s competitiveness has improved significantly, with the Chinese region’s 2025/q1 kuka orders growing by more than 35%. Faced with the trend of ai+ development, the United States’ pushai is integrated with industrial robotics, and has developed human robot parts and components on its own.
In 2024, the company ' s Roe averaged 20.3%, with a Māori rate of 26.4%, and a net profit on maternity rate of 9.4% and a red rate of 69.3%. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the appropriate matching of investors and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients, nor is it an invitation to buy, sell, subscribe to securities or other financial instruments accurate or complete. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report that Galaxy securities may be issued other than those contained in this report or that they may be issued in a manner inconsistent with or inconsistent with what is contained in this report.