The U.S. Group (000333) household appliances are well run, with the first medium-term bonus of the Southwest Securities Institute.
Events: The company published its semi-annual report for 2025, during which it achieved a gross operating income of $252.33 billion and a net profit of $26.24 billion to the mother, an increase of 30 per cent over the same period. In a single quarter, 25q2 companies achieved operating income of $123.9 billion, an increase of 11 per cent over the same period; a net profit of $13.59 billion to the mother, an increase of 15.1 per cent over the same period;
For the first time, the company issued a medium-term profit distribution programme, with $5 per 10 shares (including taxes). Both ends of b&c are growing rapidly, and overseas are growing faster than home.
In the first half of 2025, smart household businesses (toc) achieved $167.2 billion, an increase of 13.3 per cent, of which, thanks to product structural upgrades and high-end breakthroughs, the total retail value of the "colmo+Toshi" high-end brands increased by more than 60 per cent on the same basis. Commercial and industrial solutions (tob) were the second increase.
Long engines, with 64.44 billion yuan in revenue, an increase of 20.8 per cent over the previous year, are leading the way. Tob shows that smart architecture and technology operations earn 19.51 billion yuan (+24.2 per cent) and benefit mainly from successful acquisition and integration of operations such as arboniaclimate: robotics and automation operations generate 15.7 billion yuan (+8.3 per cent),
The share of the Chinese Kuka industrial robots in domestic market sales has risen steadily to 9.4% in the subregion, with strong growth in overseas operations. The company’s overseas earnings in the first half of the year amounted to $10.719 billion, an increase of 17.7% compared to the previous year.
Powerful, income as a share of the income of smart households abroad has risen to over 45%, mainly in Toshiba, Mae, and Comfee, and the obm products have become more competitive in many overseas markets. In addition, the Toshiba Power (tlsc) has lost a profit in about three years after the acquisition, reflecting America’s global business.
A slight drop of 1 pp in comparison with the increase in market competition, where firms have adopted a proactive price strategy to secure market share of $5.99 billion, largely as a result of increased exchange rate earnings. With significant financial returns, companies have returned to their home countries.
Interest rates rose to 10.4 per cent, compared to about 0.8 pp.  profit forecasting and investment advice. Companies, as global leaders in technology groups, c-side operations, b-side operations, accelerated growth, two-wheel-drive models that worked. Efficient corporate governance, deeper integration of the industrial chain, digitalization.
In the face of a complex macro-environment and industry competition, companies are expected to compete for 1.
The rapid growth of offshore obm operations (2024-10-31) has not been, nor will it be, obtained, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.