The share continues to rise, with a steady reversal - 12.77% increase reported in the third quarter of 2018; the net profit attributable to the parent company is $6.1 billion, an increase of 9.35%.
In the first three quarters, revenue from refrigerator operations grew by 15.9 per cent, while revenues from washing machines grew by 16.2 per cent, and revenues from washing machines increased by 16.2 per cent.
The positive growth in the domestic market was due to an increase in the share of the company ' s main products: in January-September 2018, the share of Hale refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioners, water heaters, smokers, stoves was higher than in the same period last year.
The end-brand Kassati continued to grow at a high rate, with income growing by 49% in the last three quarters. Overseas markets also gained faster growth by boosting the final competitive power: US dollar revenue in North America, US dollar revenue growth by 11.83%, South Asian market revenue growth, Maori rates and sales cost rates down and net interest rates are largely stable
In the first quarter of the third quarter, there was a slight decline of 1 percentage point in the company’s Māori rate, which we judge to be related to some of the relatively vulnerable products. The sales rate fell by 3 percentage points, the reductive management rate rose by about 2 percentage points, and the financial services rate fell by 0.3 percentage points.
\triangleright, thanks to corporate governance excellence, has continued to increase domestic market shares over the last two years and is expected to continue further:
The company’s high-end strategy is early and has now reached the harvest period, adding further brand advantage to some product lines; the globalization of the public sector continues to open international markets; the company’s business is relatively weak in relation to real estate and, at some point, avoids large fluctuations in performance. We keep looking at long-term corporate growth.
2. Qingdao Haile (600690) Summary Report: Acquisition of pml will expand the advantage of intelligence manufacturing
Marko, graduate from the University of Nankai, entered civil securities in 2011 for strategic studies. From 2014 to date, he has been converted to a research in the electricity industry.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,