The Yangtze Power (600,900.sh) is the only hydroelectric dragon in the world, a solid moat that sustains the high score, and the world's largest hydroelectric company, which continues to have a high rating of investors' returns.
The city, the world’s largest water and electricity company, holds the most important hydroelectric platform under the banner of the tri-gorge group with a capacity of 45,495,000 kilowatts, including the Goji dam, the tri-gorges, the Quirodo River, and the four power stations that feed the dam. In 2016, the Quillao and the injection of power to the dam’s assets doubled their performance, and the company has held it since it came to the market.
In 2017, Utunde, White Crane Beach, under the banner of the Great Shareholder Tri-Firth Group, was in the main construction phase, with a total installed capacity of 26.2 million kilowatts (kW) per year.
Utunde and White Crane Beach are expected to generate their first fleets in 2020/2011 and to produce their entire fleet in 2021/2022, bringing power to the Yangtze River with a strong expectation. The company has changed the pace of electricity and is actively marketing the electricity market. In 2016, the three gorges had a total of $720 million in electricity and had a DRC in place.
In April 2016, the Yangtze electric power (currently about $10.96) released 3.5 billion shares and paid $37.5 billion in cash to buy Kawakawa.
The division ' s 100% shareholding, at a total cost of 79.7 billion, injected into the Quishao River and into the dam power station. The Quishao River, which installed the dam as a whole, contributed 49/46% of the income/net profit from the Yangtze power in 2016, widening to the moats in the Yangtze basin.
The company’s cash flow is stable for a long period of operation.dcf values 31.4 yuan/share.
Su Bao Liang, the largest hydroelectric company in the world, has a solid moat, and the Yangtze river basin ladder is synergized (8610) 66216815.
Reservation capacity, cash flow over an extended period of operations, low-risk and high-visibility ratings focus on investor returns. According to the risk of water draining, downstream electricity demand is slowing down, construction is not as fast as expected. First, the world’s largest hydropower company, continues to have a high rating on investor returns.
The largest hydroelectric company in the world, with a capacity of 45.5 million kilowatts (kW) and Yangtze Power, is mainly engaged in hydroelectric power generation. The company operates a ladder power station that manages the Yangtze basin, and it operates four main hydroelectric plants, including the Gojia Dam, the Three Gorges, the Rivers and the Houses.
At the end of 2016, the company operated a fleet of 82 aircraft with a capacity of 45,495,000 kilowatts, of which the tri-gorge group initiated the installation and four major power stations were injected in succession.
• Launched by the Three Gorges Group, which was established in 2002 to be listed in 2003. The Yangtze Power Company Ltd., a leading sponsor of the Three Gorges Group, is the United Hua Energian International Power Company Ltd., the China Nuclear Industry Group, the China Petroleum and Gas Group, the China Ghai Dam Hydropower Engineering Group Ltd., and the Yangtze Water Company.
Five sponsors, including the Commission ' s Yangjiang Survey Planning and Design Institute, were established on 29 September 2002 and injected into the Gojia Dam Power Station, which was launched on 18 November 2003.
On September 28, 2009, the company implemented a major asset recapitalization to acquire power generation assets from the three gorges and five Auxiliary Production Specialized Companies. With the injection of two of the largest hydroelectric plants in the Yangtze basin — the three gorges and the Gojia Dam — the Yangtze electric power has been used for the Yangtze River.
On March 25, 2016, the company acquired 100% of the shares of the tri-gorge group, the Sichuan group, and the Yunnan company. The tri-gorge group, after this reorganization, injected the Yangtze power into the Qingsha River basin's Quantao power station and the main loading machine.
The Yangtze Power is the most important hydroelectric platform under the Three Gorges group, and its development has been accompanied by an infusion of power-generating assets from the Three Gorges group.
The company’s first shareholder, China’s Changjiang Tribute Group, has a high shareholding ratio.
57.92% of the rest of the shareholders have shares of less than 5%, and the top 10 shareholders together outperform the shareholders in the holdings. The company’s controlling shareholder, China’s Yangjiang Sanjoo Group, is a large State-owned corporation with a registered capital of $149,537 million, which is responsible for the construction and management of power and water projects, electricity production, and the comparison.
Specialized technical services. In 2016, the Tri-Firth Group achieved a total asset size of $660,063 million, yielding revenue of $78,310 million, yielding a total profit of $38,831 million, resulting in a net profit of $23,917 million from the mother.
In the last three years, the Yangtze electric power has grown from $22,698 million in 2013 to $48,939 million in 2016, with a compound increase of 29.19 per cent; the net profit from non-repatriation has increased by more than 100 per cent from 2013 and is mainly due to upstream flooding, the acquisition of the Chuan Clouds Supplementing Rivers.
The total installed capacity of the two main hydroelectric plants, namely, Quinoa and Quair, was 13,86 million kWh and 6.4 million kWh, respectively, and in 2016 the production capacity was 6,183 million kWh and 3,3225 million kWh respectively, contributing to the company ' s profits.
The company ' s electricity profits are sensitive to electricity volume, with higher investment returns and higher electricity costs for the Yangtze electric power from 2014 to 2016 of 0.1132/kWh, 0.1200/kWh and 0.1345/kWh, respectively, rising from year to year, in 2015 and 2016, respectively
6.01 per cent and 12.08 per cent of the length are attributable, on the one hand, to the corresponding maintenance, major repair costs and, on the other hand, to the increased scale of investment in utilities, which increases financing and financial costs; and, on the other hand, to the volatility of the return on investment, which affects the profitability of electricity on a non-recurrent basis.
Disposing of part of the long-term equity investment and available for sale financial assets.  The profits from electricity in the Yangtze River were 0.1168/kWh, 0.1235/kwh in 2014-2016.
China’s hydro-energy resources are abundant, and its hydropower installations are among the world’s largest. According to the Hydropower 13th Five-Year Plan, China has 660 million kilowatts of installed capacity and 3 trillion kilowatt-hours of electricity per year, the highest in the world.
Hydropower installed capacity and power generation reached the highest level in the world in 2014, with a historic breakthrough of 300 million kilowatts and 1 trillion kilowatt-hours, respectively. In 2016, hydropower installed capacity reached 332 million kilowatts (with pumping capacity) – the nine largest hydropower basins and fifteen large bases.
The Yellow River Basin, the Pearl River Basin, the Sea Basin, the Huai River Basin, the North-East River Basin, the South-East Coast River Basin, the South-West International River Basin, and the Northern Inland and Xinjiang River Basins generate the largest annual capacity of the Yangtze River Water and Power Stations, which account for about 60% of the total electricity generated in the country.
It's the largest hydroelectric power base in the country, with a capacity of 631.94 billion kilowatts and a capacity of 3.334.6 billion kilowatt-hours per year. The hydroelectric market is highly concentrated, with Yangtze River power taking the lead.
• The geographical advantages of Sichuan Province are evident. According to the Shin Wan tertiary sector, 19 of our existing hydroelectric companies are listed in 10 provincial districts, including Sichuan Province, Guangdong Province, Hunan Province, Beijing City, Guangxi Gang Autonomous Region, 6 of which are located in the hydroelectric sector.
The hydroelectric market is highly concentrated, and the Yangtze power is the only source of electricity. In 2016, the top three companies listed in the hydroelectric market in the country are: Yangjia (17.45%), and the State is investing in electricity.
The Yangtze electricity is nearly 11 percentage points higher than that of the second-dominant country and is an absolute industrial leader. With the exception of the top three companies, the share of the remaining publicly listed municipalities is less than 1 per cent, with a higher concentration in the hydroelectric sector in the country.
Figure 14: The top three companies in the market for hydroelectric power, the Yangtze Power Company, the Yangtze Power Company, the Guilong Power Company, the other listed companies, the Unlisted Company, the 13th Five-Year Plan Water and Power Plants, 380 million kilowatts, and the tax concession government subsidies are substantial
On March 15th of this year, the State Council launched its Opinions on Further Deepening Electricity Reforms (Doc. 9), which launched a new cycle of electricity modification under the slogan “Hipping the middle, freeing the two ends” with the intention of liberalizing the side of electricity sales and promoting marketization of electricity trades. Competition between different power sources will either increase, water will increase.
Electricity can benefit from electricity conversion dividends at a lower marginal cost. As the electricity distribution scheme is liberalized, it is clear that the new power generation units should be actively involved in the electricity market, with market prices and higher requirements for hydropower operations, in addition to prioritizing electricity generation plans in accordance with relevant policies.
On 29th day, the National Energy Agency issued the “13th Five-Year Plan for Hydropower Development”, which proposes to expand the system of power stations and maintain the dominant role of hydropower in clean energy, while keeping large-scale hydropower in scientific order, and strictly controlling small and medium-sized hydropower.
About 60 million kilowatts (kW) and 60 million additional hydropower are being produced; by 2020, the total installed capacity of hydropower was 380 million kWh and the share of non-fossil energy consumption in total annual electricity generation of 125 trillion kWh remained above 50%. In addition, the State Council published Energy Development on 7 June 2014
The Strategic Plan of Action (2014-2020) also emphasizes the orderly promotion of large hydroelectric bases, focusing on rivers in the south-western region, such as the Jinsha River, the Yagi River, the Great River, and the Sundang River.
In recent years, the National Development and Reform Commission and the Energy Authority have encouraged the proliferation of clean energy sources, with particular emphasis on the interconnection of electricity transmission and grid development in the Yunguyuan region, with the construction of hydropower transmission corridors, and the emphasis on improving the inter-provincial and inter-district pricing mechanisms for large hydropower, which will help to boost hydropower consumption and increase electricity sales.
In 2017, the National Development and Reform Commission issued two documents to eliminate the funds collected from power-generating companies for the restructuring of industrial enterprises, and to reduce the national fund for the construction of major hydroworks and for the transfer of migrants to large- and medium-sized reservoirs by 25 per cent each, thus freeing up the price of poles.
At the cost side, the Ministry of Finance, the National Tax Administration and the National Energy Agency support a real tax on value-added tax on the withdrawal policy and the sale of self-generated electricity.
More than 8% of the total is withdrawn: individual projects are sold on hydropower stations with a capacity of 50,000 kW or more, while the value added tax rate is levied on 13%. In addition, water charges are levied on a “low-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no” basis, effectively reducing the operating costs of hydroelectric companies, while the National Energy Authority adopts the principle of “low-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no.-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no
Government subsidies encourage social capital to invest in electricity and water.
The hydropower sector is growing at a slower rate than ever before. Between 2009 and 2016, our total installed capacity and power generation increased with gdp, reaching 33,211 million kWh in 2016, and generating 1,180.7 billion kWh. The hydropower sector has a pro-cyclical character.
After reaching a peak of 12.41 per cent in the downstream four high-energy-consuming industries — chemicals, construction materials, ferrous metals and non-ferrous metals cyclical transmissions — the rate of increase in electricity generation, although slightly rebounded to 6.21 per cent in 2016, low-risk, high-value, high-value investment areas in the hydropower sector
Electricity and water production continue to rise, and revenue levels have steadily increased. Between 2009 and 2016, our hydropower sector increased from $43,201 million to $122,436 million, Roe from 7.67 per cent to 68.45 per cent, and high levels of business and financial leverage have made hydropower profitability more sensitive to changes in electricity generation.
Electricity generation in the hydropower sector increased from 571.7 billion kWh in 2009 to 1,180.7 billion kWh in 2016, with a flat fixed cost. 3 fees are larger and financial costs are greater.
The difference between 15 and 20 per cent is maintained, and the cost of utilities is larger for the three main periods. The financial cost is more than 70 per cent of the cost of utilities. The higher financial cost of utilities is due to the fact that the initial investment in hydropower development is high and that the self-financing of enterprises cannot support the initial investment on such a large scale.
In the case of electricity and water, not only is the sector guaranteed profitability, but the quality of the revenue has risen. In terms of net cash flow/business income from the operation of electricity and water, it has risen from 41.79 per cent to 61.43 per cent in the last eight years.
In other words, at this stage, more than 60% of the operating income of utilities is “real gold and silver.”  dividends continue to outperform the market.
The hydropower sector leverage levels are associated with additional investments in hydropower. During the “12th Five-Year” period, the construction of a large hydroelectric energy base was fully advanced, encouraged by the “Priority for Hydropower Development” policy, and the construction of additional hydroelectric loaders in 2013
In recent years, new investments in hydropower have slowed down, and the level of leverage in the sector has declined.
High-quality benefits: both the ability and willingness to split dividends are strong, and the dividends are better than the market: solvency  Three relative valuations of our hydropower sector were recorded in 2003, 2007 and 2009, respectively  Although the hydropower sector has historically low valuations, the electricity sector and the electricity-fired market ratio have gone from one to the other.
At the end of 2016, 15,86 and 11.57 times warmed back to about 19 and 17 times the current level, adding to the fact that new energy generation was relatively small and hydropower remained an important force in upgrading clean energy generation.
A wide-ranging conglomerate, highly specialized in power generation, 2 second-tier affiliates, and 5 major conglomerates involving hydropower and other power generation, power support, downstream sales, overseas business expansion, real estate, property management, capital management, advertising, greening
The company's controlling company, Chuan Cloud, and Hubei Energy, are both engaged in hydroelectric power generation, while the joint venture in the eastern part of the country, Guangzhou Development and Shanghai Power, are engaged in thermal power, new energy power generation, etc.
In January 2011, the company established the Company ' s sole subsidiary, Long Power International (Hong Kong), which is mainly overseas in the acquisition of electricity companies, especially non-hydropower enterprises. On August 22, 2016, Long Power International (Hong Kong) acquired 30% of the share of the German Wind and Power Company.
The main industry is rooted in the interior, which is rich in hydro-energy resources, actively pooling other power sources, and increasing market share. Power support is highly specialized. The company owns electrical support enterprises such as installation of equipment, water supply, engineering consultancy and software development.
(ohsms) and Iso9001-2000 quality management system through certification, three gorges high-tech information technology