The value of hydropower tap investment is high - the Yangtze Power (60090.sh) tracking report.
Electricity generation innovation has contributed to higher performance, and the investment value of hydropower taps has highlighted the fact that the company’s profits were higher than we expected in 2017, according to the company’s performance report for 2017.
The Yangtze Power (6009000.sh) company achieved business income of 50.124 million yuan, an increase of 2.42 per cent in the same year; total profits of 26.652 billion yuan, an increase of 5.95 per cent in the same year;
Compared to the Changjiang electricity dividend rate and the 10-year rate of return on national debt, the 10-year rate of return on national debt was 3.96% as of January 25, 2018, and the company’s share of the proceeds won the 10-year gain on national debt.
In 2009-2015, the number of hours used by the power plant's crews remained largely stable. In 2016-2017, water levels were very high throughout the year, with companies operating elevator power stations.
The company’s main business is hydroelectric, with a single and heavily dependent business structure.
Water. The company has gradually expanded its distribution, distribution and nuclear power operations, and has followed the “swipes” to invest overseas in the Yangtze Power (6009000): leading value investment, which has created new space for power consumption and profit growth.
Risk factors: Failure to meet expectations, market uncertainties, policy risks, investment risks, etc.
The value of the global hydroelectric tap is scarce.
China Yangjiang Power Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Yangjiang Power or Company) was founded on 29 September 2002 by China’s Yangjiang Trifaku Group, a company sponsored by the Chinese company Jangang Tribute Group, after the former State Economic and Trade Commission had requested the State Council’s approval to do so. The company not only owns the world’s largest tri-gorge power station, but also the Gojia dam power station, and operates the streams and dam power station, which is located among the world’s top ten hydropower stations.
Figure 1: The Yangtze Power Stock Structure (as of 30 September 2017) is the largest hydroelectric company in the world, with a total installed capacity of 45,495,000 kilowatts, representing 13.70 per cent of the country's hydropower installed (as of the end of 2016). The company's electricity is committed to providing a high-quality, stable and reliable clean energy source to society. Moreover, as the power system grows, the Yangtze Power is actively building “power generation, distribution, distribution, etc.”
At the same time, building on the country's “one-way” strategy, capitalizing on its core advantages, investing in the operation and management of overseas power plants, widening the scope of overseas operations, seeking 1.2 hydropower assets to expand in size, leading industry development The company now owns four world-renowned large hydropower stations, with 58 large-scale 70 million kilowatt-class water turbines, accounting for 58 per cent of the global fleet.
An average equivalency factor of 95.73 per cent for the fleet, 0.05 unplanned shutdowns/drill years, and a “zero-no-stop” at the Chollow Power Station is well above the industry and world average. The Three Gorge Hydropower Station, the world’s largest hydroelectric power station and clean energy production base, was inaugurated on 4 July 2012 with a installed capacity of 22.5 million kW. The Gojia Dam Hydropower Station was launched at the end of 1988 with a installed capacity of 2,735,000 kW. The capacity of the Chollow Power Station is comparable to that of the world-famous Itaip Hydroelectric Station, which was officially powered and installed in 2014.
In 2016, the Yangtze Power released 3.5 billion shares (at a price of $12.08 per share) and paid $3.74,515.89 million in cash to acquire 100% of the limited hydroelectric power development companies in the San Gorges. When the deal was completed, the Yangtze Power Administration operated four large hydroelectric plants. This was a follow-on company, ipo, stock-sharing reform, and the three Gorges as a whole.
Another major capital operation after listing has not only increased the overall asset size and operational capacity of the Yangtze electricity, but has also improved the company’s financial position by creating a stable cash flow from the Shillao power station, which is generating electricity from the dam. The tri-gorges group expects the Utundde power station and the White Crane Beach power station to be shipped by 2020.
It is a power station with a combined capacity of 10.2 million kW, mainly for power generation, combining flood prevention and sand suppression. The White Crane Beach Station is the second of four water elevators downstream of the Jinsha River. The second level of the class power station is the third mega-hydropower station of 10 million kW, located in Ningnan District, Sichuan Province, and Yu Yujiang County, which has a total capacity of 16 million kW.
The capacity of the two plants will reach 26.2 million kilowatts following the delivery of the Utund and White Crane Beach power stations.
The company’s performance in 2017 exceeded expectations. The company’s performance in primary utilities was largely influenced by the demand for electricity, the availability of water and the price of electricity on the Internet. According to the company’s performance in 2017, the company’s profits increased in 2017 by 50.124 billion yuan, or 2.42 per cent, compared with its operating earnings; the total profits of 26.652 billion yuan, or 5.95 per cent, compared with the previous increase; the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by 22.214 billion yuan, or 6.89 per cent, compared with the previous increase; and the basic earnings of $1.01 million per share, or 6.89 per cent, compared with the previous increase in the above indicators.
Operating profits increased by 21.68 per cent over the same period in the previous year, and in addition to the above-mentioned factors, mainly under the provisions of the newly revised Enterprise Accounting Standard No. 16 - Government Grants, from 2017 onwards, government subsidies related to day-to-day activities and related to earnings (mainly the return of the value added tax on the sale of electricity) were adjusted from the “out-of-service income” items in the profit statement to the “other gains” items in the profit statement, with no retroactive adjustments in previous years' data.
In 2016, the Division completed the infusion of two mega-power plants in the river and the dam, resulting in a significant increase in operating income, net profits, per share of earnings and asset values. From calendar year data, with the exception of 2013 when business performance declined due to the loss of water from the Yangtze River, corporate performance stabilized and total assets and net assets increased steadily.
Figure 6: Rates of return per share ($), dividends per share ($) and dividends paid
Since its entry in 2017, the basins have improved, with water levels higher than in the same period in the previous year than in the previous year ' s dam reservoirs. In 2017, a total of 139,041 million cubic metres (m3) of water came from the river ' s upper stream, which is 1.40 per cent more than in the same period in the previous year. A total of 421.4 million cubic metres of water came from the three canyons, which is 3.14 per cent more than in the same period in the previous year.
The electricity level was 97.605 billion kilowatt-hours, an increase of 4.35 per cent over the same period in the previous year; the Gaeco dam power generation was completed by 19.5 billion kilowatt-hours, an increase of 4.11 per cent over the same period in the previous year; the streaming station was completed by 61.391 billion kilowatt-hours, an increase of 0.64 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year; and the production of 32.845 billion kilowatt-hours to the dam was completed by the dam power station, a decrease of 1.15 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year.
(i) New power plants are injected and the size of installed increased. Figure 11: Changes in installed capacity (thousands of kilowatts) in four major power stations. Since the company was listed, the installed capacity has increased from 551.5 million kilowatts (kW) in 2003.
The company is actively working on the four giant reservoir ladders of “Hin Lodge – to a dam – to a dam – to a dam – to a dam – to a dam – to a dam – to a dam – to a dam – to a dam – to a dam.
Water uncertainty, increasing the use and productivity of currents. Figure 12: Daily flow (m3/s) of the three gorges (banking)
There has been a steady increase in the average number of hours used by the power stations. Of these, the average annual utilization of the three gorges was 4.257.61 hours, an increase of 8.22 per cent over the same year; the annual utilization of the Ghez Dam was 7.235.56 hours, an increase of 2.37 per cent over the same year; the annual average utilization of the streaming station was 4.831.60 hours, an increase of 10.23 per cent over the same year; and the annual average utilization of 5,530.40 hours to the domestic dams was 7.78 per cent over the same year.
The price of electricity on the Internet increases the income of the sector as a whole. The price of electricity on the Internet is determined by a contract for the sale of electricity and varies from station to station.
The high cost of electricity to and from the dam stations relative to the tri-gorges and the Goga dam in 2016 resulted in an average increase in the company ' s cost of electricity to the grid in comparison with 2015 at 0.2768/kW. Figure 15: The price of electricity to the ground to the three-gorges compared to the price of the local fire poles ($/kWh) varies from region to region, but is significantly higher than the price of the fire to the grid to the same area.
In June 2017, the National Development and Reform Commission issued a circular on the abolition, reduction of certain government funds and the addition of reasonable adjustments to the structure of electricity prices, which specified that, with effect from 1 July 2017, the funds earmarked for the restructuring of industrial enterprises, which had been collected from power-generating enterprises, would be reduced by 25 per cent from the National Fund for the Construction of Major Hydraulic Projects and the Fund for the Support of Immigrants of Large and Medium-sized Water Banks, and that the electricity-price space would be used to increase the prices of coal-fired power plant poles online.
In addition, tax incentives promote enterprise development. To support the development of hydropower enterprises, the State has reduced the tax burden on hydroelectric enterprises, and has introduced tax policies in recent years, such as three-thousand power stations and kiosks for electricity in the Yangtze River.
In 2016, companies received tax returns totalling $2.87 billion.
3.1 Long-term equity investments have increased and the return on investment has increased 73% of the return on investment. A total of 12 companies have been included in long-term equity investments, including the Hubei Energy Group Ltd., and the Hobei Energy Enterprise.