China Peace q3 rating: “Insurance + Services” new business value leads to a resilient growth in performance Events: the company recently released its three-quarter report in 2023, achieving operating income of $704.938 billion for the first three quarters of the company's three core operations: life insurance and health insurance, financial insurance and banking, respectively
New business values for life insurance have increased significantly, and channels have continued to improve. Life insurance and health insurance camps have a robust transport capacity and new business values (nbv) have reached $33.574 billion, or +40.9 per cent.
:: Sustained expansion of external cooperative banking channels; in the context of population ageing, companies rely on health care, home-based old-age and high-end old-age services to build differentiated competitive advantages and create new engines of growth.
In the last three quarters, the total market value/flow (millions of dollars) of income from safe delivery insurance services has increased, adding to the demand recovery for the travel of the insured customers and the impact of changes in the market environment on the insurance operations.
The combined cost of vehicle and non-car insurance coverage + 1.1 per cent and the combined cost of overall insurance coverage (cor) increased by 1.6 to 99.3 per cent.
Banking performance has improved steadily, accelerating the digitalization and financial transition. The first three quarters of the year -- 2023/03/21. The Bank of Peace achieved a net profit of 39.635 billion yuan, compared to 8.1 per cent; and the Bank of Peace managed retail sales.
China Peace (601318) " China Peace Customer Assets (aum) 3,98,848 million yuan, 11.5 per cent more than at the beginning of the year; third-party fund product balances sold through the "e-tom" platform amounted to 1,632.21 million yuan, up from the beginning of the year
(a) The new single value exceeded last year ' s full year -- 46.7 per cent; strong public operations continued, and the number of public clients increased by 16.5 per cent from the beginning of the year;
Peace in China (601318). China Peace in Structure. Increasing credit delivery for low-risk operations and high-quality customers. Annualized net interest differentials have declined. (601318): performance remains strong and growth holds.
Management and technology are not as good as expected. As a result of the volatility of capital markets and weak investment demand, a single quarter of managed operations have lost 407.65% of the profits of the parent business; and technology operations have been under pressure, before companies have continued to expand the health sector, turning digitally into performance, following macro circles.
China Peace q3 "Insurance + Services" new business values lead to resilient growth in performance.
The company ' s uniform social credit code is: 91530007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold the position of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.
These companies provide or seek to provide investment banking services.