Investment transactions are booming and growing, and performance fundamentals are improving significantly.
The first quarter report of 2019, issued on 25 April, resulted in operating income of $4.65 billion, compared with +77 per cent, a net return to the mother of $2.13 billion, compared with +95 per cent, a weighted average of 2.9 per cent, and an increase in market warming and higher corporate profitability.
Significant growth in corporate operating income of 77 per cent in the first quarter, 95 per cent growth in net profit from parentage, and a significant increase in the Roe year-on-year, good. This increase will have to be increased by five times the same year-on-year increase, up to 44 per cent, brokering by 1.1 billion yuan plus 8 per cent, up to 24 per cent. Significant changes in the value of financial instruments and improved performance elasticity in investment transactions
The central factor behind the high performance in the quarter was the growth in self-employment income, the fair value of corporate financial instruments, which amounted to $1.55 billion, compared to $190 million in the same period last year and $720 million in investment earnings + 35.6 per cent, which significantly increased the level of self-employment earnings and showed upwards elasticity in the period of the recovery of market conditions.
The excellent performance of investment transactions has contributed to a significant increase in corporate performance. The equity fund is proposed to raise $15 billion, and capital capacity is expected to increase further.
On 13 March, the company announced a public distribution plan for the shares, with a ratio of up to three shares per 10 shares to raise up to 15 billion yuan from the original shares. The main investment is in the replenishment and diversification of the subsidiaries, with a projected investment of up to $10.5 billion, and the rest for capital intermediation, investment and supplementary operating funds.
The implementation of the built-in unit will further enhance the capital of the company to effectively meet the needs of the venture board for “promotion plus investment.” Pb is 1.6 and 1.5 times the recommended rating, and self-employment income is not as high as expected.
The company’s financial statement projections are summarized in Chen Xiang, a PhD in Business Law from the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and a post-doctor in Finance.
In September 2017, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Institute of the Chinese Securities Association, made sure that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, sought to be objective, impartial and free of any third party's approval or influence.