Corporate review report  pharmaceutical industry ivd+ vaccine double-wheel drive, high performance growth Vantaa (603392.sh)
Meng Yu Wei's performance has grown rapidly, and the increase in profitability has benefited from the second-priced cervical cancer vaccine.
At the end of the cost, the cost of sales was 29.35%, compared to the same period last year.
The increase of 1.18 pp over the previous year is mainly due to the addition of a two-priced Hpv vaccine, the cost of promotion of urine self-test agents, and a significant increase in the number of vaccine sales personnel. The management cost rate is 4.94%, a significant decrease of 9.6 pp over the same period, mainly due to the second-price Hpv epidemic during the reporting period.
During the period of rapid growth of the in vitro diagnostic operations, the company successfully developed chemical luminous, enzyme-based immune, rubber.
Several products of technology platforms such as gold, nucleic acid, among which the dual antigen kernel approach was approved by the State on an emergency basis, and five new products were certified by the European Union, three by the United States of America, eua, and one by WHO, during the reporting period.
The result was 1.47 billion yuan, or +29.4 per cent, of which the new coronary tester earned $260 million, the new coronary test accumulated 413 fully automated immune analysers, the load increased by 50.73 per cent on the same basis, and the overall load accumulated over a thousand units, which were in the forefront of the industry.
In 19 years, the market for in vitro diagnosis was only 5%, and there was much room for industrial development. According to bccresearch projections, 2027 was worldwide.
The market for new crown tests will increase to US$ 1951 billion, with an average compound growth rate of about 15% per year for 20-27 years. We believe that, with the increase in installed capacity and the continued availability of chemical luminous projects, there will be 693 million dollars in revenues, leading to a rapid increase in vaccine plates.
Long. The company is the country's first, the third global Hpv vaccine provider, a unique botulinum production platform, with a clear cost advantage, a market price of $329 per product, far lower than imported competitions of the same kind, and an exclusive award of 9-14 years of age for 2 needles against imported competitions.
Three doses, which are more convenient. Today, Mossathon has a monopoly on the global Hpv vaccine market at four, nine, and gsk, with high prices and limited supply, and the company ' s second-priced product is expected to be released quickly, with the share of domestic markets accounting for about 16 per cent in six months of the year on the market.
Technically superior, R & D pipeline-rich companies have a unique coliform production platform that is not only low-cost but also efficient in expression, and can be used in the production of multivirus vaccines.Vlp assembly synthesis technology is more extended, and technology platforms can not only produce pens.
The new generation of Hpv vaccine in collaboration with gsk, and the new Rotavirus vaccine in collaboration with Seinofibasd are on schedule, and the company is the country’s first major vaccine producer.
During the reporting period, $154 million was generated from technology cooperation with gsk and technology transfer with Basteur. Based on this technology platform, the company is currently developing nine-priced Hpv vaccine (iii), a new life-saving vaccine for water pox reduction (ii) and a new crown vaccine for the nosy influenza virus carrier.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
He is familiar with the chain of innovation research and development and innovation services, and has a better understanding of the state of the pharmaceutical industry and changes in the industry chain. He joined the Chinese Galaxy Stock Exchange in 2018.