FDN staff (600893), strong growth in performance, high contract liability validation orders full of south-west securities research and development centre
Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2021, which generated revenues of RMB 10.8 billion (+9.7 per cent) in the first half of the year and RMB 6.34 billion (+10.5 per cent) in the first quarter of the 21q2 quarter, RMB 430 million (+32.5 per cent) in the net return to the mother and RMB 360 million (+45.6 per cent) in the net return to the mother.
• Firm growth in corporate performance, with Māori rates improving in tandem with net interest rates. 1) For sub-operations, aviation engines and derivatives generated revenues of $9.13 billion (+14.9 per cent), mainly benefiting from increased product delivery; foreign trade out of R$1 billion (+1.4 per cent). 2) The overall Māori rate for companies is 17.5 per cent, of which the q2 quarter Māori rate is 18.8 per cent.
q1 has increased significantly by 5.7 pp, Māori rates and net interest rates have reached historically high levels, and the scale effect has become apparent. 3) In terms of cost rates, the company ' s 21h1-4 fee amounted to 1.270 billion yuan, representing 12.6 per cent of revenue collected and 0.5 per cent higher than in Piti, of which R&D costs of $30 million (+14.8 per cent) have increased mainly in self-financed project development tasks.
The amount of advances received from clients is the highest in history. On the one hand, it reflects the fact that companies are in the process of making sufficient orders to verify the high profile of the industry; on the other hand, the increase in client advances has led to significant improvements in corporate cash flows, resulting in a net operating cash flow of $13.2 billion for 21H1, representing a significant increase of 347.8 per cent.
This is a 16.3% increase compared to the previous year, reflecting an increase in the input of the company’s products and a higher level of production and operation. The only company that has been listed in the air engine assembly will benefit directly from the large volume of civil-military air engines during the 1455s, the large market demand for national production instead of the larger trend. The company has the type of vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, piston.
Aerial engine manufacturing capability, the only domestic supplier of three generation main warplane-type engines, is scarce. 1. Aerial power (600893); aviation power, power ahead.
The capability has been significantly enhanced; five generations of machine preliminary technology has continued to break through bottlenecks, and company performance will be significantly released with the large-scale delivery of aviation engines during the fourteen-five-year period. Scenario 1: benefits from accelerated reloading of military weapons during the fourteen-five-year period, as well as increased combat training for fighter jets, etc.
The wear and tear of equipment and the rising demand for aviation engines are assumed to be the driving power of the air engines 2021-2023. Scenario 2: Large-scale release of the company ' s aviation engines is expected to produce a scale effect, thereby increasing the company ' s Māori ratio, assuming that the other business plates ' Māori ratio remains stable.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.