Aerial dynamics (600893.sh) Rapid income growth in the second half of the year, performance growth in line with expectations, q2 growth acceleration. Company 2021h1 collects $10.84 billion (yoy).
The company's performance has grown from negative q1 performance to rapid positive q2 performance, as shown by the fact that the company is in the middle of a speed shift. The company's good business performance has largely benefited from both sides.
The reasons for this are, first, the increase in the demand for downstream mainframes and the nearly 15 per cent increase in revenues from corporate aviation engines and derivatives operations; and, second, the increase in corporate profitability, which was 17.53 per cent in the current period and 0.57 pc in the same period, which was 9.66 per cent lower than in the same period.
1.18 pct, the scale effect of production is gradually emerging. It is worth mentioning that the company ' s 21h1 R & D costs increased by 148 per cent over the year, to $298 million, in a way that slowed the current performance.
Revenues from the business of machines and derivatives grew by 14.9 per cent, and total revenue accounted for 34.05 per cent of export and transfer earnings from foreign trade of 5.9 per cent, which, despite negative growth, had little impact on overall performance because of their low level of Maori. Molecular companies looked at the three main mainframe plants at dawn, south and dawn.
Income growth was 8.18 per cent, 17.76 per cent and 22.61 per cent, respectively, indicating, to some extent, that the vortex and minor circulatory paths were more robust than the demand for medium thrust vortex engines, that there were ample corporate orders to guarantee sustained growth.
Well, there is a strong demand for supplies; on the other hand, it suggests that companies or customers have received large advances of about $20 billion. We believe that the JCMB’s contracts, which are characterized by large advances, are the product of new military-industrial times, highlighting the urgency of downstream demand, and that companies will continue to grow faster in the future.
According to historical figures, companies tend to collect two thirds of the year in the second half of the year. According to an earlier year’s circular, companies expect to sell a combined stock of 162.83 commodities to both the Air Industry Group and the Shipping Group in 21 years.
It has advantages, but the company, as the only platform in China for the overall listing of aviation power under the flag of China, is the only enterprise in the country that can develop a full spectrum of military aviation engines, such as vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex and piston, with a high level of recognition and scarcity, and will benefit from the Chinese aviation industry in the long term.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
First in the Defence Force industry in the field of Enlightenment, and fourth in honour of the New Wealth Corps in 2015.