The number of new clients in the cloud business was more than half, with a doubling of the growth period: the company issued its 2019 report, which generated $8.51 billion in revenue, an increase of 10.5 per cent. The net profit on maternity was $1.18 billion, an increase of 9.3 per cent, and the net profit on withholding was $677 million, an increase of 27.3 per cent.
The growth of the cloud business, which accounts for more than half of the certified growth logic, continues to double: after the elimination of finance, cloud services have achieved income of $1.97 billion, an increase of 131.6 per cent over the same period, large supermarket expectations, and more than 50 per cent of the earnings of the fist products come from new customers, confirming the logic of incremental rather than stock substitution.
Of this amount, MSMEs received $146 million, an increase of 289.1 per cent, compared with the corresponding increase of 289.1 per cent; thousands of large and medium-sized enterprises accounted for 51.22 million clients of cumulatively paid enterprises, an increase of 41.5 per cent.
While there has been a slight decline, the overall revenue from software + cloud operations has increased by 11.45 per cent, and the share of cloud operations in the main business income has risen to 23.2 per cent. With the size of the large business market ncc this year, cloud operations are expected to continue to double, and their share of income is expected to rise to more than 30 per cent.
▪ Cost control has been effective, with R & D spending maintaining a high rate of growth: sales costs, management costs, 19.20%, 16.32%, with 2.2pct, 2.7pc, respectively, falling by the same year. The company adjusted its organizational structure at the beginning of the year, resulting in more flatr management between parent companies and subsidiaries, resulting in parent companies.
In 2019, research and development on cloud services continued to increase, with 10.6 per cent growth in overall investment over the same year, widening the gap between rivals, keeping R&D close to 20 per cent of income, and a net decline in development spending and intangible assets, product release and a virtuous circle of R&D inputs.
Industry leadership is growing, and the strategy is progressing well and showing scale effects. The second phase of the implementation of the strategy will continue to accelerate the development of cloud services and the construction and operation of the global leading corporate cloud services platform, targeting more than 10 million business clients in the future, bringing together 100,000 people.
In terms of business progress, the Internet platform of the friendly and intelligent industry has created a “manufacturing center” where the core business of the enterprise is integrated.
2. Friends Network (600588), which is expected to accelerate down in the context of the epidemic. With regard to the erp clouding of high-end markets, the cloud business continues to expand, except for the evangelical, research and development inputs.
BMW and others have broken through and landed, using their friends to strengthen strategic cooperation with large groups such as Huaieng, WB, China Connect 2020-01-17, and have successfully signed up with a group of local players such as China Free Group, Xiamen Air, etc.
3. Friends Network (600588). The cloud industry-type integrated conglomerates are expected to achieve large-scale release of large-scale corporate cloud services this year.
The company’s competitiveness in the cloud era is increasing, and the trend is clear vis-à-vis the international giants. It is clear that the case of large enterprise groups is expected to reach the ground this year, with a stronger leader.