Centre for Research in Innovative Technologies and Business Services
On March 27, the company released its annual report for 2019, which achieved a year-round operating income of $8,510 million, which is a year-on-year increase.
Long 10.5%; net return to the mother is 1,183 million yuan, an increase of 93.3% over the same period; net loss to the non-mother is realized. Cloud + software as a whole has increased steadily and the income structure has been optimized. Corporate non-financial cloud services received $1,970 million in 2019, an increase of 131.6% over the same period, representing 23.2% of the total revenue; and traditional software operations.
Realizing revenues of $5,195 million, a 6.9 per cent decline in the same year, accounted for 61.0 per cent of total revenue. In the face of the decline in revenues from traditional software, the combined income from cloud-plus software has remained at about 11.4 per cent of the same rate, indicating that the company’s cloud business is dominated by new customers and that the market for cloud products is highly competitive.
Under macroeconomic downward pressure, corporate non-financial cloud services operations increased in 2019, exceeding market expectations.
2. Nccloud shows a bright performance, with cloud operations growing by more than $1 billion, or 289.1 per cent over the same period, as of the end of last year: corporate cloud services accumulated 3. " Clouds lead the future, proud of the eco-friends network " .
The number of customers in paid enterprises rose by 41.5 per cent over the same period; non-financial cloud services received advance payments of $594 million, representing an increase of 97 per cent in the same year, representing 30.1 per cent of the cloud ' s income; the rate of renewal of the firm ' s customers and the average unit price of its customers increased steadily (in the case of both large and medium-sized enterprises and micro-enterprises, the unit price was $985 million and $1571 respectively); and the market was real.
In terms of core products, millions of dollars, 500 times more than the previous year, and nearly 500 clients. Marketing and management costs are well controlled and cloud inputs are on the rise.
The sales cost rate fell from 21.4 per cent last year to 19.2 per cent; management costs increased by only 1.0 per cent over the same period, managing increased cloud inputs and firmly following the cloud conversion route, which, in the larger context of the overall increase in cloud computing penetration, would fully benefit from high growth dividends in the industries.
Given that the corporate cloud transformation has worked better than expected, we have revised the company ' s profit forecast for 2020-2022 and expect that the return of the menglin@gjzq.com.cn enterprise will not be as fast as expected; that competition in the industry will increase; and that the enterprise ' s expenditure on it will be significantly reduced.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market