Cloud services doubled, and the 3.0 strategic effect continued - the 19-year friendly network reported a profit of 1,183 million yuan, an increase of 93.3 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of 677 million yuan, a 27.3 per cent increase in the same year.
Cloud operations continued to grow at a high level, with the cumulative number of payers growing by 41.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis. \triangleright entered the end-of-life 3.0 strategic development period, with a sustained focus on cloud services, with yosuite, nc published
In 2019, corporate cloud services (excluding financial cloud services) achieved revenues of $1.97 billion, an increase of 131.6 per cent over the previous year, and continued to grow at a high rate. In particular, small and medium-sized enterprises generated revenues of $1.824 billion, an increase of 124.4 per cent.
The model enterprise’s saas/baas/daas cloud products optimized the corporate product matrix, helped business clients to achieve a number of intellectual transformations, and continued to raise the ratio of cloud revenues.
R & D inputs are the firm's guarantee for sustaining the competitiveness of its products, with 19.16 per cent of its R & D cost in 19 years, and general recognition, a well-established distribution network and a strong customer base will drive companies to maintain a “recommended” rating of their software business, and will continue to generate revenues from cloud services as the leading industry in our country's saas industry.
We continue to watch the rapid growth in corporate cloud revenues, so it is expected that the office's wind20pe, with 105x/165x, is undervalued, maintaining a “recommended” rating. Small and medium-sized enterprises cut their procurement budgets, and cloud products are spreading at a slower rate than expected.
1. Friends Network (600588), which is focused on national production opportunities, cloud 2. Friends Network (600588), which is over-exploitation of non-profit growth and significant improvements in operating efficiency
Summary of company financial statement data projections: Top executive: Chief of Computer & Education at the Human Life Institute, in 2019, and Master of Financial Sciences at the Shanghai Foreign Economic & Trade University. Served as a computer & education research assistant at the Civil Life Institute, in 2019, and Master of Banking and Finance, King ' s College, London.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.