The cloud's transition is going well, with high income growth, net profits from non-repatriation are growing faster than operating income.
In 2019, the company realized a net profit of 677 million yuan, a 27.30 per cent increase in the same year, with a significant rate of liquidity (million yuan): billions of yuan, which is significantly higher than the net profit of the mother, and is of good quality.
The transition to cloud power brought about the necessary controls over traditional software operations; payment for services generated revenues of $651 million, an increase of 319.1 per cent over the same period; and Internet access to finance for information services, guided by a continued steady approach to operating with a moderate size, achieved revenues of $642 million, a decrease of 41.0 per cent over the same period.
Cloud services continued to grow at a high rate, with significant transformational effects. Cloud services (excluding financial cloud services) were a priority for companies in the future. In 2019, MSMEs achieved $146 million in revenues by size, a year-on-year increase.
By the end of 2019, the cumulative number of corporate clients in the company ' s cloud services was 5.4309 million, with accumulated payments 51.22 million, representing an increase of 41.5 per cent from the end of 2018, and the rate of renewal and clientele.
The company is expected to continue to grow rapidly as it enters the phase of strategic development of its friend 3.0-ii.
According to industrial trends, the digital economy has accelerated in China and around the world, with a combination of intellectualization, nationalization, globalization and huge market opportunities and companies facing rare development opportunities.
The company will continue to deepen its strategic transformation to speed up peacekeeping, develop and operate the global leading corporate cloud service platform, with the goal of reaching more than 10 million corporate clients, bringing together 100,000 eco-partners, billion-class individuals, and achieving a higher level of numbers.
Chen Tunan uses the scale of business income from friends and ecological partners; supports and runs customer business innovations to help them build competitive advantages; creates huge employment and entrepreneurial opportunities.
Companies have been farming for many years in traditional business management software, and the industry is strong; cloud services are strategic and fast-paced and long-term. Given the impact of the epidemic on business information needs, it has been moderately downgraded during the transition period, with more investment in research and development, and a more reasonable valuation of the use of ps, which has been mainly operational for the past three years.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association, has been able to present this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.