Headlines are strong and clouds are shifting into deep water - 19-year annual report rating of Friends Network (600588.sh) Company rating: increase (maintain)
The increase in non-net profits was largely in line with expectations. During the reporting period, the company ' s operating income was 85.100 billion yuan, an increase of 10.5 per cent over the previous period, down from 21 per cent previously anticipated, mainly due to the suspension of the company ' s nc series of products in the second half of the year, which resulted in a loss of revenue from traditional software operations.
The net return to the mother was $1.18 billion, an increase of 93.3 per cent over the same period, and the non-recurring gain was over $500 million, mainly from the disposal of financial assets and long-term equity assets. Deduction of clouds entered a critical period. During the reporting period, the company cloud service generated 19.7 per cent of revenue.
Research assistant: Rowanyan Won, a significant increase of 131.6 per cent over the same year, accumulated business clients in cloud services amounting to 5.431 million, with a larger proportion of non-corporate traditional product users.
Micro-enterprises have made a breakthrough in their markets, generating revenues of about 140 million yuan, increasing by nearly 300 per cent. Companies are qualified for portfolio investment consultancy, and companies at the middle and middle end have generated revenues of over $1.82 billion, increasing by more than 120 per cent.
Corporate software has fallen by 6.9 per cent the same year, and has generated $5.2 billion. In our view, the company's inter-friend network in-depth study: the stock of business services is now at a critical stage in the migration of business across the board, with companies operating over the years.
The cloud services will continue to grow at a very high rate, continuing to drive the six-monthly review by the Friends Network: performance is in line with expectations.
The company's leading position is strong and the company's information services ecosystem is in its early stages. 3. Quarterly reviews of the company's performance in the domestic corporate cloud services market, application software market, industrial cloud market in the three-quarters of the reporting period.
During the period, emerging businesses continued to grow at a high rate of 191031, with “intellectual” access to the 10 major industrial Internet parity of the Ministry of Industry and Communications (ICT) (600588.sh), compared to depth of 300.
At the same time, the company released a new strategy for the company’s cloud service, and the cloud market has reached 5,000 partners, and ecological construction has been successful. Clouds have been transformed into deep water, and traditional software operations may have become a part of the process.
Household loss, but corporate leadership is strong, corporate services are well-established, and corporate long-term values are well-established. Keeping an “uptake” rating. Cloud services: 2020 is the starting point for a new global science and technology cycle, and cloud computing is a key foundation.
At the same time, former international producers are shifting to domestic products in the current tide of national production. Companies, as leaders of domestic firms, were successfully endorsed by some of the former international producers in 2019.
The results are remarkable, with a well-developed product system for large and medium-sized enterprises, and future firms will benefit from technological innovation and a wave of national production substitution to sustain high growth through years of intensive farming in the business sector. Software operations: companies are implementing a comprehensive cloudization strategy, and research and development efforts are heavily invested in cloud computing-related research.
Financial services: Corporate financial services operations are divided into payment and investment information services. Payments made during the reporting period amounted to $650 million, representing a significant increase of 319 per cent. Internet access to finance is regulated by policy, with revenues falling by 41 per cent to $6.4 per cent. We believe that financing for small and medium-sized enterprises in our country is difficult and difficult to finance.
Your problems have been a constant focus of the Government, while in the supply chain area, easier and more efficient payment solutions have significantly increased the efficiency of business operations and the scope for long-term development of corporate financial services. However, due to regulatory factors, IFS operations need to be robust and well-managed.
Māori ratio: The company ' s Māori ratio declined during the reporting period due to the suspension of some of the traditional software products and the need for new cloud service product extension periods. The company attached great importance to R&D, with 25.3 per cent growth in R&D costs in 2019, representing an increase of 2.3 percentage points in income.
The short-term phenomenon of the critical phase in the future, with the growing maturity of cloud products, the growth of business size and market ownership, and the company's traditional focus on standardization and productization in research and development, the future Māori ratio of the company, which has a marketing rate: the company is the leader of a domestic enterprise's information services, with a high profile and abundance in the industry.
Rich client resources. At the same time, as corporate cloud services develop eco-systemically, sales rates have management rates: corporate management rates (other than R & D) are expected to decrease as future scale effects become apparent, with an average of 36 per cent of corporate integrated management rates per year.
The cloud transitions into deep water, while traditional software operations may lose some of their customers, cloud and transmission of business revenues may be lost or eroded in the short term. At the same time, corporate financial services operations are subject to policy regulation and may well be developing in the short term in the near future.
Strong, well-established business services eco-development, and sustained surge growth in cloud services over the last three years, are expected to continue to drive corporate performance in the future and value the company in the long term. Maintain the \triangleright rating. \triangleright
Companies are in a critical period of cloud transformation, and if cloud computing-related technology is blocked, it will greatly delay the process of corporate cloud transformation, thereby affecting company performance. > The cloud transition has been partially lost. >
The company speeded up the process of cloud transformation, stopped sales of nc products in the second half of 2019, not all of its original clients were converted into nccloud clients, and in the future increased loss rates will affect the company ' s own open channels of compliance. The report ' s analytical logic is based on its own professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects its research views and concludes that no third party is involved.
No part of my remuneration has been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.