The case of a major international factory, confirming the cloud age curve overcarriage, occurred on February 24th, 2020: according to the official MicroCredit Public, the 2020 Friends Network Business Partnership Conference was held on February 15th.
In the afternoon, the friendly saas accelerator program was launched, encouraging all types of developers to integrate their original development and depth on the basis of the festivities platform. The un platform was completely upgraded ecologically, leading to new growth in business services: the festivities saas accelerator program.
Developmenters are encouraged to develop and integrate in depth on the basis of a friendly cloud platform that will enable their partners to grow rapidly through brand endorsements, technical support, development training, free use of the platform, marketing support, investment in industry funds, etc.
By the end of 2019, more than 5,000 partners had access to the Soyun market, over 8,000 products and services, and 66 cloud blended products had been published/listed as the country’s leading corporate environmental platform.
The 2020 new "saas accelerator" will lead to an overall upgrading of the friendly cloud ecosystem model, and will promote more developers based on the original development and depth of the nectar platform, resulting in more cloud service outcomes, which will lead to a better version of the nectar platform ecology.
It's a new growth in business services. It's a new multi-intellectual marketing service that's been built with the help of friends, according to company officials.
Since the launch of the nc cloud last year, the idea of products for companies to create socialized links to facilitate digital management in their industries has been recognized by the international giants.
In 31 years, more than 5.22 million businesses and public organizations have been provided with cloud services, covering different industries, and helping them to develop intellectually. International giants like BMWs have chosen to use their friends, a body that is competitive with the clouds.
1. Friends Network (600588): Expanding local mega-enterprises is expected to break through, and cloud operations continue to double. In recent years, companies have been strengthening their organizational capacity to invest in research and development, and cloud operations have continued to expand.
Fragmentation and product development, upgrading of the customer business system, and preparation for servicing mega-clients. These include accelerating the development of ncc products and promoting applications in areas of concern to large enterprises, including procurement, human, financial, marketing and so on, to provide good support for large enterprises’ cloud-mixing programmes.
2. Friends Network (600588). The cloud industry, with the international giants taking the lead in the landmark case, is expected to grow faster and more faster, with local companies and large firms expected to do so throughout the year.
This year, friends are expected to make a breakthrough for many large local enterprise groups. The cut-off period is 2019-10-31, ending in the third quarter of 2019, when high-end cloud products nc-clud have more than 150 subscribers.
3. Friends Network (600588). Differences between national production and competitors, and leads to continued high growth in cloud operations, which we expect to continue this year in the company’s cloud industry and high-end markets.
Income from business can still double. Upgraded, cloud operations continued to double in 2020, and the case of large enterprise groups is expected to continue this year with a stronger leader, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board