Performance meets expectations, heat management poles are clear. \triangleright, second quarter performance is bright. Revenue and net profit: the company received $5,356 million in 2022q2 battalion, a year-on-year increase.
\triangleright Steam Zero Business: High-quality races open with core barriers. 22-year-h1, company zero. \triangleright
According to Deng Young-kang, the company responded positively to the risk of price volatility of raw materials and trade exchange rate fluctuations through combined pricing mechanisms, bulk commodity futures hedging operations and overseas transfer of production capacity, and cost-control capacity increased significantly;
Research assistant Lee Kyung-ho, 2. Production efficiency has increased and scale effects have become apparent; 3. Self-made integrated components have increased, and products have been optimized. Companies' electronic expansion valve technology is based on a preponderant advantage in thermal management. We expect cars to be zero for the entire 22-year period.
In 22 years, h1, the company collected $6,991 million in refrigeration.
Growth; 2. Effects of exchange rate fluctuations, in which euro-based and yen-based operations are significantly affected, thus affecting the company’s overall Māori ratio level; 3. Prices of raw materials are still at an upswing stage. The company’s heat pump system is technologically advanced, making it possible to double-line co2+r1234yf.
The synergies between the two main core operations (mob zero + refrigeration) are evident in raw materials, equipment procurement and \triangleright.
The synergies in the Bureau have led to significant cost advantages for the company, for example, electronic expansion valves, air conditioners, air conditioners, 2. 3x3 (002050.sz) 2021 Report: both electro-inflating valves and car-inflated electronic valve raw materials are aluminium metal, parts cleaning used in production, parts cleaning and parts cleaning.
Performance has grown steadily, and the thermal management tap profitability will improve - the same processes will be used for piece assembly, magnetic charge, tube welding, performance testing, helium testing, etc.
The risks of exchange rate fluctuations affecting the value of a company's foreign trade exports. The methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.