Home appliances, home appliances, parts and components, back-to-back, storage and energy operations are expected to open a third growth curve.
1. Inversely, zero plus cooling blooms across the board. 10.16 billion in 1h22, compared to 32.4 per cent in the same year.
Full-scale flowering. 2, excellent control fees, high profitability fine-tuning.), enhanced scale effects demonstrated; 2 product structures optimized and home-grown
Product collection ratio expanded; 3 customer compensation mechanisms for increased prices of raw materials were improved. 2) Cost rate: 1h22 companies cost 5.9 per cent for 3 fees, corresponding to 2.0 pct (sales/trillion smart control (002050).
The ratio of management/financial costs to -0.2 pct/-0.3 pct/-1.5 pct) is mainly due to the increase in the performance rating of 2022q1 by the currency exchange team. In addition, companies invest in continuous research and development to enhance the value of their products,
- High-speed growth, business still steady, competitive, 1h22 R & D investment + 36.0% by year.
3. The storage energy business is expected to open a third growth curve.
Phases - 2022/03/24. The value of storage applications in energy development and power system operations becomes more pronounced.
In the future, storage operations will help companies start a third growth track.
Performance meets expectations and the heated management poles of performance continue, and the business will be globally oriented.4 The globalization strategy is steadily advancing and moving forward. Companies have developed into full global industrialization.
The layout. 1) The U.S. (2) and Mexico (mostly) production bases in North America, with products covering automobiles, refrigeration and air-conditioning components; 2) Poland, Austria, production base in Europe, with products covering household appliances and auto parts and components: 3) in Asia
There are Viet Nam’s production bases, which are already operational; India has a small volume production base. The global layout provides a solid foundation for long-term sound development.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.