The three-flower mind control (00205.sz) performed beyond expectations, increasing profitability, generating $7 billion in refrigeration operations, yoy + 25%.
Performance exceeded expectations. 2q22, the company collected 5.4 billion yuan, qoq+11 per cent, yoy+26 per cent; the parent net profit zero business: 1h22, the company zero business collects 3.2 billion yuan, yoy+52 per cent, and the Māori rate is 25 per cent. 1) Income: 1h22, the company was disturbed by external factors such as the global car market, the Russian war, etc.
“In the light of the new energy boom, the heat management pole will grow by 52% in the future, and will continue to grow at a high rate. As the impact of the epidemic and so on eases, the company returns to zero customers, and the company’s revenue from zero operations is expected to grow at a high rate in the second half of the year;”
The bulk of raw materials and shipping costs in the first half of the year remained high, with the Māori rate of the company ' s zero-carbon business reaching 25 per cent (24 per cent for the 21st full year), mainly due to a high proportion of component products with a high self-contained spare parts ratio up + scale effect + the gradual improvement of the raw material linkage mechanism + improved cost control.
Traditional business: 1h22, company traditional business collects 7 billion yuan, yoy+25%, Māori rate 24%. 1) Income: The first half of the year is not significant. Current high-temperature weather consumption of air-conditioning tanks is expected to improve demand in the country in the second half of the year.
High growth in gas heat pump demand: 2) Profit: 24% of the company ' s traditional operations (26% of the 21st full year), mainly due to the faster growth of low Maori products + Euro, the depreciation of the yen + freight costs remain high + copper, and the price of raw materials outside aluminium is still rising.
The company has established a relevant subsidiary and has worked with customers such as the head of the battery on storage capacity.
Downstream demand is less than expected; client outreach is less than expected; overseas business improvements are less than expected; goodwill jiangying2@gjzq.com.cn market analysis of related report rating ratios
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment