High growth in the zero industry and improved profits on a quarterly basis
Income increased by 32.4 per cent to 1,003 million yuan, compared to 6,961 million yuan in the cold-air-conditioning parts and components business, 25.1 per cent to 3,199 million yuan in the vehicle spare parts business and 31.5 per cent to 51.5 per cent in the same year.
Quarterly returns to corporate profitability have improved, and the Māori rate for the zero business has risen in the same year. Company 2022H1 Māori Ring +1.0 ptt, year-to-0.6 pt. The Māori rate for the zero business, by product, has risen in the same year. Company 2022H1 Mār. 23.65% of spare parts for the refrigeration and air conditioning appliances, year-to-year 2.0 ptt, car zero.
The impact of the low Māori rate on single products and the increase in the Māori rate for the zero business reflect the firm’s more resilient business. The annual new energy vehicle business accounts for 83 per cent of the revenue from the vehicle spare parts business. According to the Association, the first half of the year saw the production and sale of 2.6 million new energy cars, representing an average increase of 1.2 times.
The company’s growth is more certain by working with the depth of its high-quality clients. Based on the electronic expansion valve, horizontal expansion of new energy types, vertical technological upgrading and integration of components, the company’s net return profit in the first quarter of 2022 grew in proportion to the growth in the same amount.
After more than three decades of growth, companies have become the world’s leading industry. The new energy heat management system product categories have expanded, compared to the traditional heat management business, and the new energy vehicle heat.
The value of the core products of the management system has increased twice. The company is actively developing the component integration and heat pump systems.
Quarterly q1 Quarterly Review: Performance in line with expectations, zero investment proposals: small increases in profit forecasts, maintenance of “growth” ratings. Companies operate robustly, commercially.
The growth of the cold business and the sustained performance of zero gas, taking into account a reduction in the cost of raw materials and exchange rate fluctuations, is 35 times higher, maintaining an “enhancement” rating, with high growth in automobile parts and components by product.
Millions of dollars, up to 31.5% (30% in 2021), and 51.5% higher in revenue. The company zero industry has been growing as new energy cars are sold. The company’s refrigeration business, although constrained by consumption, has also kept its performance high due to changes in competition.
The increase in commercial refrigeration operations, driven by the cold-chain transport market, and the improvement in the penetration rate of the electro-inflation valves with an energy efficiency upgrade The company's profitability ring is still down from the same year to the same increase in the same amount of zero operations. The company's 2022h1 gross interest rate is 24.19 per cent, with a net interest rate of 9.99 per cent, a decrease of 1.0 pct compared to the same period last year.
The net interest rate is 10.47% and the ring ratio is +1.0 ptt, the same ratio-0.6 ptt. By product, the Māori rate for the zero business is 25.36% for the car spare parts business and +1.4 ptc (adjusted). The decline in the Māori rate for the refrigeration business is expected to be mainly due to the impact of the low Māori rate on single products, and the Māori rate for the zero business is an increase in the firm’s resilience.
Adjustments in the presentation of company sales costs of 2.2 per cent, management costs of 4.6 per cent, R & D costs of 4.7 per cent, financial costs of 0.8 per cent, and miscellaneous expenses resulted in an investment of $479 million in corporate R & D in the first half of the year, an increase of 36 per cent over the same period, and increased product value and market competitiveness through sustained R & D inputs.
Figure 3: Net corporate return profits and rates of increase, Figure 4: Single-quarter net corporate returns and rates of increase, Figure 6: Single-quarter Māori rates and net interest rates
New energy sales have continued to increase, and company operations have grown largely with mainstream clients. The Department ' s new energy vehicle operations accounted for 83 per cent of the revenue from vehicle spare parts in 2021. According to the Central Air Association, the sales of new energy vehicles in the first half of 2022 were 2.661 million and 2.6 million, respectively, a 1.2-fold increase over the same period.
The company is a leading company in deep-dry management of the track, with a better client profile, including Tesla, Biade, Volvo, Volvo, Popular, Benz, BMW, Toyota, General, Gilly, Upper Steam, Ulre. The largest North American household, Modei3/y, delivered 239,000 vehicles in 22q2, a ring of 19.2%, an increase of 19.6%, and 22H1 cumulatively.
The number of vehicles sold by Biadi in January-July of 22 years was 809,000, an increase of 166% over the same year. The company grew more certainly by working in depth with its high-quality clients.
Figure 8: New energy vehicle sales and the same ratio Companies based on electronic expansion valves, horizontal expansion of new energy products, vertical technological upgrading and integration of components, long-term growth and long-term certainty. Company operations are divided into refrigeration and air-conditioning electrical parts and automobile parts.
These include four-way valves, electron expansion valves, electromagnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers, omega pumps, etc. The vehicle spare parts business products include thermal expansion valves, electron expansion valves, electronic water pumps, new energy vehicles, etc. 41% market share during the year. Company air conditioning electronic expansion valves, four-way valves, electromagnetic valves, microchannels, etc.
The value of the new energy heat management system is almost twice as high as that of the traditional heat management industry. The heat management system for new energy vehicles increases the battery heat management circuits, electrical heat management circuits, and new cooling circuits.
The value of the core product has been raised from $2230 to about $6410 and the value has increased almost twice.
The company now has ample orders, company operations are on top of mainstream clients, and in 2022, zero revenue is expected to grow by nearly 60%. The company’s refrigeration operations will benefit from the commercial refrigeration industry driven by the cold-chain transport market.
In addition, with the expansion of the company’s delivery and the improvement of the raw material price linkage mechanism, zero operations are expected to remain at high profit levels. Investment proposals: a small increase in profit forecasts and a “uptake” rating.
The company is sound, the growth of its commercial refrigeration business and the continuous exchange of zero gas performance, taking into account the reduced cost of raw materials and exchange rate fluctuations, the improved cost management during the company period, and, in a small measure, the author’s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author