\triangleright 3x3 (002050)
In the first half of the year, companies generated $6,961.3199 million in revenue from refrigeration and air-conditioning appliances and automobile parts, respectively.
This represents an increase of 25.13/51.53 per cent in the same year. In the first half of the year, the share of the company ' s domestic and foreign revenues was zero: by comparison, the share of automobile parts and components in the revenue base was again higher, at 31.48 per cent, an increase of 3.98 pct over 21h1.
2) Refrigeration plates: According to industry online data, the total production of the 22h1 air conditioning industry declined by 4.11 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and firm refrigeration components continued to grow steadily in the context of the industry downturn, mainly because we believe that the main reason for this is a change in the pattern of competition in the market, the company ' s air conditioning valve class.
q2 achieves a Māori rate of 24.99%, corresponding to 1.83 ptt, ring q1 (23.30%) + 1.69 pt.
The main reason for this increase is that we believe that companies are actively reducing efficiency gains, while at the same time there is an increase in the use of home-made products in the company ' s product structure. q2 sales/management/R & D/financial cost ratios are the same as in the case of cost rates -
At the end of 22h1, the company’s monetary funds and other current assets are combined \triangleright semi-annual dividends and good shareholder interests.
One gold dividend per 10 shares, $359 million, or 22h1 net profit to the mother
Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in Beijing City West Side, profit forecast and investment rating: we're looking forward to a steady growth of the company's cooling plates, and the zero plates increase both profits as new energy cars are released and the structure of the company's products is upgraded. We expect the company to grow.
Risk factors: The epidemic affects the start-up of factories, the sale of new energy vehicles less than expected, the introduction of new products less than expected, the maintenance of high prices for raw materials, the opening of overseas markets less than expected
In July 2020, the CSRC joined the CSRC in its research component in the domestic electricity industry, which has not been relevant, has not been relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-resumed securities investment advisory business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.