China’s Great Stone, with a larger return on the price of the bobble, corporate q3 performance pressured by 16.4 per cent over the 16.4 per cent increase; the accumulated net return to the mother was $552 million, an increase of 28.2 per cent over the same period.
Expansion, a strong leader, a clear cost advantage, and recent supply and demand repairs in the fibre-optic industry, banks affected by a sharp fall in the price of the fibre-optics, and corporate revenue q3 went down to a greater extent than average profit: $4.19 billion in company q3 and 20.5 per cent less in comparison; net return to the mother was $1.31 billion, less in comparison with the previous year.
In the third quarter, two production lines went into cold repair to save the city: it was reported that the company’s capacity was the first in the world, with a strong leader. The 30 ton electronic line climbed the line at the end of July, and the 120,000 ton line at the end of September.
A cold-renovation process has helped to balance supply and demand patterns, and to restore energy to follow-on market demand. The balance of fibre supply and demand has been repaired, with the average price of crude mainstream products having risen for the first time since May: according to the source, three quarters of the country has been set on fire, and only three production lines are expected to total 260,000 in four quarters.
In October, during the third week of production, the mainstream product 2400tex was entangled in a small increase in the direct average price ring, which was the first upturn since prices began to fall in May.
The electronic veil/cloth business is more resilient, and it is recommended that sustained attention be paid to the fact that the supply of the electronic veil has increased at a higher rate in 21-22 years, resulting in a situation where supply is greater in the short term than demand and price detection, while the 23-year supply of the electronic veil has significantly decreased and supply pressures have diminished.
Cost supports, waits for the demand to warm in the terminal electronics market, and the price of electronic veils/cloths is flexible.
China Stones: Low Cost, High Technology, Large Markets: Probable Production is over-expected, the cost of raw materials rises, the domestic epidemic repeats, and demand for Probables drops.
The price of the q3 fibres has fallen significantly, and the company's performance has declined by $5,522 million, a 28.2 per cent increase over the same period; the net profit of $3,60 billion, a 8.9 per cent decrease over the same period, representing a 46.5 per cent decrease in the company's revenues for the third quarter of the single year. The sharp decline in the price of the fibres products has been the main reason for the pressure on the company's performance: according to Treasure Information, three quarters of the main fibres products.
The average price of 2400tex entangled direct veils was $5,062 per ton, a decrease of 15.1 per cent in the same year, with net cash flows from corporate operations of $3.61 billion in the first to third quarters, a decrease of 8.6 per cent in the same year; net cash flows from corporate operations of $150 million in the third quarter alone, a decrease of 86.4 per cent in the same year, a decrease of 92.9 per cent in the ring. Cost control is better, with robust profitability, and the q3 Māori/net interest rate remains above 30 per cent: in the first to third quarter, the company cost rate is 7.3 per cent.
With 3.3 pct; 9.1 per cent for the single three quarters; 2.7 pcc, with sales, management, financial cost rates of equal magnitude, 2nd, global flagship, strong, global leader number one: the company began large-scale kiln capacity-building in 2004 and now owns three main productions: Kikusu, Kojiang and Chengdu.
The company announced that by June 2022, it had about 40% and 24% of the world’s markets, respectively, and that it was the world’s largest. Productive capacity continued to expand, with a strong leader: in March this year, the company announced plans to invest 400,000 tons of its annual base of intelligent manufacturing.
In April, the announcement announced an investment of US$ 680 million in the production of 120,000 tons per year of production at the base of the village, and a cold modification of the fibreglass-crystal line, which will rise to 200,000 tons after the completion of the conversion. Two production lines went into cold repair in the third quarter to save the city: according to Treasure Information, the giant stone climbed to 30,000 tons of electronic veil line at the end of July.
In late September, the 2 million-ton strip line in the village of Kiryu went into cold repair. In a time of market depression, the company introduced a cold-renovation and re-engineering process, which helped balance supply and demand patterns, as well as re-heating the subsequent demand for the market.
Tens of thousands; 740,000 tons of additional fibre-optic capacity have been set on fire this year, most of which were set on fire in May-June, and increased in July-September after experiencing a rise in capacity; no new production lines have been set on fire in the country in the last three quarters, while only 80,000 tons of production lines, 60,000 tons of Chinese technology and 120,000 tons of giant stones in the last four quarters are expected to be delivered and the supply shock has diminished significantly.
In the medium-to-long-term perspective, markets such as wind power generation, new energy vehicles, and green energy-efficient materials will continue to drive the demand for the fibres, and the market prospects are high. Stock growth has slowed significantly, and coarse prices have declined steadily: according to Treasure Information, in September 2022, stocks in the fibres industry continued to rise to 700,00.
Tens of tons, with a 4.7 per cent rise in the ring per 31,000 tons, and a significant slowdown in the pace of growth over May-August; in September, we measured that the fibre-optic industry had 39.0 days in stock, with tons, about 32 per cent lower than the previous week, a small 0.2 per cent increase in the ring compared to last week, making the first upturn since prices began to fall in May.
The increase in the supply of electronic veils has resulted in higher supply than demand in the short and medium term, and prices have been low: in 2021, 2021, 12 million tons of digital gauze, 15.1 per cent of production capacity, and a greater impact on the balance of supply and demand in the industry; in 2022, as of late September, 160 million tons of electronic veils were produced in the continent (60 tons for trimpers and 100,000 tons for China ' s giant stone-smart electronic veil), and cold production.
With a capacity impact of 13.9%, the supply of electronic veils rose faster than demand in 21-22 years, creating a situation in which supply exceeded demand in the short term and price bottoms. According to creative information, the price of electronic veils returned from 17,000 yuan per ton in 2021 to about 8,000 yuan per ton, a historically low level.
Figure 9.g75 Average value of electronic veils. The competitive advantage of electronic veils and electronic fabrics is clear: companies have been involved in electronic veils since 2005 and have accumulated technology for more than a decade. In 2022, three smart electronics were set on fire at the company base in the village of Qing. The company has 265,000 tons of electronic dress products, with the city being the first in the country.
The performance board described that companies have more than 30% of the cost of electronic fabric than their peers, and that companies can still make a profit when the price of electronic fabrics is set down this year; furthermore, the company ' s cold-renovation of the old wires can further reduce costs by 5-10%. New supplies will be significantly reduced next year, and electronic veils and electronic cloths will be flexible: in terms of new supplies, the electronic veil line is now disclosed.
The investment plan, with only 70,000 tons of fresh materials (the August 2022 announcement of the ipo project, which is expected to last two years) and 50,000 tons of cold-renovation redevelopment in China, has revealed a total production capacity of 340 million metres. The next year’s new supply will be significantly reduced, and the supply side will be weakened. According to industry research, prices have fallen to the industry’s cost line, only large plants will be profitable, and subsequent prices will be supported.
The price of electronic veils/cloths is still in a state of elasticity, pending the easing of the macro-environment and the recovery of demand in the end-market electronics.
The production capacity is higher than expected, the cost of raw materials rises, the domestic epidemic repeats, and the demand for fibre falls.