Performance met expectations, and the \triangleright company q4 registered a high rate of innovation.
\triangleright Deng Yongkang The same increase is due to the adjustment of 20q4 freight to operating costs.
Research assistant: Lee Kyung-bok, Integrated Layout + Production Rapid Release of the LED Status. Corporate Integration Layout, 21 years in \triangleright
The company sold 224,000 tons of lithium in 21 years, an increase of 153 per cent in the same year. On the lifsi side, it had good thermal stability, high hydrolysis stability, a better three-dollar high nickel route, with 4680 cylinders of batteries, an increase in the ratio of lifsi to the company's output.
With regard to additives, the company will expand 20,000 tonnes vc per year, and will also have a layout of the additives, including two fluorine, dtd, lidfp, and libodfp, to consolidate integration poles. The multivibre phosphate iron is expected to be released in 22 years. The company's phosphate business is in the process of being opened, with 100,000 tons.
The \triangleright Lithium Batteries Recovery Project, the 300,000-ton-year phosphate iron production project (phase I) has been steadily advanced, with companies producing phosphate iron with large devices, which will be seen in 22 years to meet market iron phosphate constraints.
Investment Recommendations: Taking into account the rapid expansion of the company's output and the increased profits from integration, we expect the company \triangleright to be the electrolyte tap, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
1. Tianchi material (002009): q3 performance loops increased significantly, equity incentives highlighted growth confidence 2. Tianchi material (002709); 21q2 performance exceeded expectations, electricity
Reproduction of the liquid integrated taps (002709); expansion of the electrolyte, phosphate, sailing of the dragon.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.