Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) event: company annual report 2021, generating operating income of $11,091 million for the year as a whole
169 per cent long; net profit attributable to the parent company, $2.208 billion, an increase of 314 per cent in the same year; unnetted .. electrolyte business volume, a significant increase in performance, over 144,000 tons in 21 years, an increase of 97 per cent in the same year; and a projected year-round increase in the electrolyte bill
In addition, the company ' s performance increased substantially during the reporting period, and overall was expected. 21q4 net profit of 655 million yuan to the mother, resulting in a slight decline in the ring ratio, due to the outward purchase of six fluorine and a reduction in value.
A 53 per cent increase in the ring ratio and a 15 per cent decline in the net return to the mother value of $655 million was due to the fact that the new public sector ' s capacity to produce HFC 6 had not yet been fully released, a significant increase in the export of electrolyte fluids in four quarters and an increase in the proportion of foreign purchases of UF 6, in addition to the loss of corporate assets by impairment affecting profits.
• The electrolytic fluid integration continues to drive the creation of cost advantages, and the iron phosphate is expected to contribute to the growth of performance.
The self-supply rate continued to rise, with 30,000 tonnes/year of solid capacity invested in 22 years; lifsi has reached a steady level of 10,000 tons. The expansion of iron phosphate capacity has stabilized, and the company has already been working on the first 100,000 tonnes/year of iron phosphate production capacity, which is expected to contribute to the company ' s growth in performance.
• Investment proposals: stable and releasing capacity based on the expansion of a company's productive capacity; maintenance of a high position in the relevant product price hub; and, in addition, the integration of the company's deep-dressed electrolytic industry chain with significant cost advantages, 1. Subsistence material depth: good profits from the electrolyte.
Hua-An-Secret New Energy and Automobile Research Group: Covering the Electricity and Automobile Industry, China, Teco Electronics. Song Wei-jin: Five Years of Automobile Research Experience, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. Field of research covers passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, covering new energy sources.
Oxyjie: The University of New South Wales has a Master of Economics and Finance (M.A.), who has been assigned to the Bank ' s General Bank ' s Letter of Instruction Department for one year of industry research experience covering the lithium electricity industry chain, using legally compliant information to produce the present report independently and objectively, the data and information used in this report come from open information in the market, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of the information, and without any change in the information and advice contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.