Newtimesecurities electrolyte taps are expected to return to the growth path with the electrolyte price warming, and the supply and demand side of lithium hexafluoride has improved.
The core competitiveness of the electrolyte fluids is mainly reflected in process control, formulation technology, and cost control. The development of high nickel cells is driven by high energy density, long-duration mileage requirements, the difficulty of the electrolytic liquid formulation, and the potential for new lithium electricity and additives to upgrade the electrolyte chain barriers, bargaining power, and profitability.
Overcapacity in the liquid sector, with long-term exposure to higher supply and demand, fluctuations in raw material prices becoming the main factor in fluctuations in the price of electrolyte fluids, influenced by higher solvent prices in the second half of 2018, a rebound in the price of electrolyte, which led to a recovery in the rate of polyoria in the electrolyte fluids; and an improvement in the supply and demand margins of lithium hexafluorates, which led to an increase in the demand for and supply of lithium hexafluoride in 2019.
The price of lithium hexafluoride has recovered steadily in the first half of 2018. After the price of the electrolyte taps, the market grid has become clearer, moving away from low-price competition to sustainable and orderly competition.
The company built its own vertically integrated industrial chain, with 14,000 tonnes of lithium hexafluoride production capacity (fixed), and with the initial completion of the public-sector lithium hexafluorate layout, we expect the company ' s lithium hexafluorphosphate to be largely self-supplied in 2019. In addition to lithium hexafluorate, the company also arranged for lithium mining, lithium carbonate, hydrofluoric acid, hydrofluoride, hydrofluoride, etc.
The electrical upper end of the chain, such as sulfate, has now formed a "Lithium carbonate-Lithium hexafluorate-Dithiolyte" vertical layout, which has also broken through the chain of the "Lithium carbonate-Terrous phosphate-Lithium phosphate" industry, forming a horizontal layout of the "Ethiolyte-Real Materials" and promoting a strategy for the platforming of lithium electrical materials.
Adder technology, with a more comprehensive layout of core raw materials and recycling industries, and a high-quality clientele, has not been able to reap the dividends of lithium electricity development. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In terms of product strategy, the company’s strategy of day-to-day trading in 2018 was beginning to bear fruit, and, with guaranteed growth in sales, the rate of day-to-day Māori has returned to historical normal levels. In terms of marketing strategy, the company has used its marketing strategy to lead the distribution of formulation applications in the area of cosmetics.
In the future, companies will continue to promote local brand ownership in priority countries, spearheaded by technical services.
● For the first time, a “recommended” rating was given for electrolyte taps, with both cost and technical advantages, benefiting from a rise in the price of lithium hexafluorate.
The company was established in June 2000 and has been working on new materials in the chemical industry since its inception. The company was primarily involved in personal care materials; and in 2002, it was founded in Guangzhou to provide organic silicon.
Military organic silicon; mass sales in 2005 in the field of electrolytic fluids; self-production in 2011 in the area of lithium fluorophosphate; and in 2016 in the field of positive materials. Currently, the company has a department of electrolytic fluids, a department of positive materials, a department of battery basics, a department of solarization and special chemicals, a department of organic silicon rubber materials.
Figure 1: Corporate development history The company is mainly involved in the development, production and sale of solar materials and special chemicals, lithium ion cell materials, and the production of solar materials and special chemicals, mainly surfactants, silicon oils, water solubility polymers, solar separations
Lithium ion battery materials produced by the company are mainly lithium ion cell electrolyte and solid phosphate materials, both of which are key raw materials for lithium batteries. At the same time, around the main product, the company also has the production capacity of key raw materials for layout electrolytes and phosphate lithium, including hexafluoride, new lithium salt, additives and phosphate.
Lithium ion electrolysis fluids and phosphate in solid materials are used for the production of lithium batteries, which are widely used in new energy vehicles, consumer electronics and storage energy. The shareholding ratio is high and the equity structure is stable.
1.2 Implementation of the equity incentive scheme to show confidence in future development The company promotes the equity incentive scheme, which includes both equity incentive schemes and restricted equity incentive schemes. The total number of benefits to be awarded under this incentive scheme is 8.7387 million, of which the first is awarded
The number of equity options granted for the first time was 357; the number of equity options granted for the first time was 3,743,000; the number of stock options reserved was 94.9 million. The total number of restricted shares to be awarded under this incentive scheme is 4,046.67 million. Of these, the number of restricted stock incentives awarded for the first time was 93 and the number granted for the first time was 93.
Restricted stocks amounting to 32.3 million shares, with a reserve of 81.37 million shares. Stock options. This incentive plan was introduced in the company ' s directors (including controlling subsidiaries), senior managers, middle managers and cores. We believe that the introduction of equity incentive programmes demonstrates a high level of confidence in the company ' s medium- and long-term development and benefits its employees.
Q3 is influenced by the increase in the price of electrolyte, resulting in a net profit/morigin ratio.
In the first half of 2018, as a result of the electrolyte price war, the electrolyte plant repairs, natural disasters, the solvent price rises and the price of the electrolytic fluid rebounds. In January-September 2018, the company earned 1,497 million yuan, a 2.4 per cent decline in its operating income; and the net profit of the parent is 473 million yuan, the same amount.
This represents a 70.1% increase; the net profit from the deduction of non-repatriation amounts to $21 million, a 92.3% decline in the same year, and a cost advantage with the industry’s accelerated deployment of electrolytic fluids and the production system for the circulation of positive materials. We believe that as the company’s circular production system is constructed, the competitive pattern in the superimposed electrolyte sector is better, and the performance is likely to turn.
Since 2017, the company’s main business has been on lithium, solar and organic silicon rubber materials. In 2018, the company integrated the organic silicon rubber materials into its business and technology platform, and strategically positioned itself to phase out traditional markets such as low-morite molding glues, focusing on sub-organic silicon high hair.
In the area of small variety applications, the organic silicon rubber business was split into solarization and lithium-electrics. In 2015, the company acquired Dong Kae-hyun, the fast-growing demand for lithium-electric materials brought about by the rapid development of the domestic new energy automobile industry, with the revenue/mori share of lithium-related materials being 60.5%/60.9%, respectively, in the first half of the year.
The electrolyte is called the "blood" of the lithium ion cell, which functions as a conductive electron between positive and negative poles in the battery.
It is the guarantee that lithium ion batteries have the advantages of high voltage, high ratio, etc., and has a relatively large impact on battery discharge performance, lifetime, and temperature range, with a cost of between 5 and 6% in lithium cells. The electrolyte is typically based on high purity organic solvents, electrolytic lithium salt, necessary additives, etc., subject to certain conditions.
Organic solvents are the main part of the electrolyte and are closely related to the properties of the electrolyte, generally combined with high-distribution constants Solvents with low viscosity solvents, which are currently commonly used in the market with carbonate dimethyl (dmc),
Acid carbonate (pc), diethyl carbonate (dec), ethyl carbonate (ec), methyl ester carbonate (emc), etc.; electrolytic lithium salt consists mainly of lithium perchlorate, lithium hexafluoride, lithium tetrafluoride, etc., but lithium hexafluorate is the main lithium salt used in commercial lithium ion batteries, depending on cost, safety, etc.; additives are the main packages
Incorporating membrane additives, flame retardant additives, overfill additives, conductive additives, composite additives, etc. Lithium cell electrolyte composition Introduction of electrolyte composition
Lithium salt: Lipf. The desired lithium salt should be of a nature that is soluble in organic solvents and easily dissipated; the lithium ion is highly active; anion devices
High oxidation reduction stability; compatibility with cell interior components; good thermal stability; high hydrolysis stability Common solvents: organic carbonate solvents
The desired solvent should be of a nature that: high intermediate constants; greater polarity; as small as possible viscosity; compatible with cellular inner components; wide temperature range, high fire point
The desired additive should have the characteristics: good chemical stability in the electrolytic fluid; low oxidation level over solvent composition; easy formation of sei membrane with electroconductable properties; electrochemical properties of additives for negative polar carbon materials
The main production processes of the electrolyte are: solvent and additive purity, electrolyte formulation and electrolyte filling. Table 4: The main production processes of the electrolyte fluids, with the lowest investment in fixed assets of the electrolytic fluid unit in the four major materials that swim in the battery.
Compared to the membrane, the cost of investing in electrolysis liquid production lines is low, the turnover of fixed assets is higher and depreciation is relatively low, meaning that the use of electrolyte production capacity has a less cost impact, and among the four major materials in batteries, the pattern of competition for electrolyte is better and industry concentration is higher.
The cr5 and cr10 indicators are at a high level, especially that cr2 is at the top of the four materials. 2.2. Core competitiveness of the electrolyte fluids. 2.2. Core competitiveness of the electrolyte fluids, with the development of high nickels, increasing the difficulty of the electrolyte formulation, new lithium and additives are expected to upgrade the electrolyte ring.
Barriers, bargaining power, and profitability. Currently there are three modes of electrolysis liquids: (1) electrolytic fluids are autonomously developed; (2) battery manufacturers are developed and electrolytic fluids are replaced; (3) batteries and electrolytic fluids are jointly developed. General electrolyte is: first-line (dealer) + second-line (autonomous R & D, joint development): high nickel electrolyte: I
Lines (joint development) + second line (autonomous development). For normal electrolyte, first-line battery manufacturers have a strong capacity to develop formulas and select suppliers primarily for proxy work; second-line battery manufacturers have a relatively weak research and development capability that requires electrolytic fluid manufacturers to provide formulas and have a certain bargaining power. Battery high nickel poses a huge challenge for electrolyte.
High nickel triode positive desorption and low stability. Catalytic effects of nickel in high temperature conditions accelerate the electrolytic decomposition of liquids, oxidation of electrolyte, production of gas, fragmentation of polar fragments and solution of transitional metals such as manganese, cobalt and other polymetallic ions, and damage the negative diaphragms of sei, resulting in battery capacity, circulation and safety in high temperature conditions.
In the three components of the electrolyte, the changes in lithium salt and solvents are not significant, and the key to enhanced performance is still additives. In the high nickel age, reducing the reaction activity of the electrolytic fluid on the polar surface and improving interface compatibility all need to be addressed by special additives.
The electrolyte is a formula product and the suitability of the battery manufacturer is important, favouring customized production by selecting different electrolyte formulations according to the positive and negative electrode of the battery, the type of battery, the battery performance requirements, and, to ensure consistency in battery quality, it is not usually easy to replace the electrolyte supplier.
With higher transmission costs, mostly order-based production, electrolyte manufacturers usually choose to build near their clients, such as Jiangsu Kuo-tae, in the Ningde era, near the Ning Dynasty, near the Ning Dynasty plant, where the gifted materials are located. With the expansion of high-quality battery vendor production and increased concentration in the battery industry, there is also a high-quality product supply capability.
The concentration of electrolyte plants will increase with the concentration of downstream customers. The core competitiveness of electrolyte fluids is mainly reflected in process control, formulation technology, and cost control.
(1) Process control is mainly expressed in material purity technology. The electrolysis liquid is a fine chemical industry with high purity requirements, usually requiring hydrological control of less than 20 ppm (1ppm=) and ionising acid of less than 50 ppm. As the electrolytic fluid industry matures, higher requirements are placed on the control of industrial production processes and processes.
(2) The formulation technology is reflected in the ability to develop formulas and in the additives to improve performance. The electrolyte is in direct contact with positive and negative electrodes, diaphragms, which are directly related to battery performance. The general electrolytic fluid technology threshold is relatively low, and for high nickel batteries, the electrolytic liquid performance requires a significant increase, especially as battery manufacturers multiply and cycle life.
The chemical system of high nickel electrolyte formulations is much more complex than the normal electrolyte, and their development difficulties, cycles and costs exceed the normal electrolyte, which is the technical core of the electrolyte enterprise.
Cost is an important consideration for battery manufacturers. For normal electrolytes and mature electrolyte products, homogenization attributes are greater than customized properties. Cost control is an important consideration for battery manufacturers, especially where first-line battery manufacturers can develop their own formulations and additives.
Upstream extension of the industrial chain to home-grown raw materials not only responds more effectively to fluctuations in the prices of raw materials, but at the same time preserves the profits that belong to the raw material chain, so as long as the raw material is profitable, the higher the self-production rate, the higher the Māori ratio of electrolyte producers.
Our power cell market is growing rapidly, the tri-dollar battery city is increasing, and the ratio of the tri-dollar system and the high voltage system to the electrolyte will gradually increase. In addition, new system materials will be used in bulk, and demand for new functions will continue to grow, such as the electrolyte with the silicon negative electrolyte, the high nickel tri-volt, the high voltage 5v.
Electrolysis fluids, fast-loaded electrolysis fluids, etc.. As competition within the industry increases, low-end duplicates of co-industry capacity will be phased out, and firms with core lithium salt technology, additive technology, more comprehensive core raw materials and circular industry layouts and high-quality customers will develop.
2.3 Demand: The golden age of batteries is approaching, and the electrolyte is expected to rise to a fast-growing period. For the first time, the global penetration rate of new energy vehicles exceeds 1% per year.
Each year, the annual composite growth rate of power cells reached 80%; during the same period, the combined growth rate of traditional consumer batteries was only 7%, and the additional demand power in the lithium battery industry was driven by a gradual shift from consumer to power cells. The foreign traditional car giant-haired new-energy vehicle, Tesla’s “catfish effect” gradually fermented, and the global market developed.
The traditional car giants, with their mature supply chain systems, stable distribution channels, and brand advantages, will contribute to an increase in the global penetration of new energy vehicles. Many car giants propose new energy vehicles in 2025, with 15-25% of their sales, and with the calling power of the traditional car giants, new energy cars will be well recognized.
The global market for new energy cars will rise to tens of millions, and the entire industrial chain will have its full impact, thus accelerating the decline in the cost of new energy vehicles and further increasing penetration rates. My country is the world’s largest and fastest growing market for new energy vehicles, driving new global energy sources.
In 2017, our new energy vehicle penetration rate reached 2.69%, and in 2018 the penetration rate was over 4%. Behind this increase is an indication of the accelerated conversion of new and old motor energy in the automobile industry and the accelerated transformation of the Chinese car industry, with an increasingly clear trend towards motor motorization. We expect new global energy sources to be in the period 2018-2020.
The rapid increase in the demand for lithium batteries has led to a steady increase in demand for electrolyte. We expect that by 2020 the global demand for lithium will be 326gwh, of which the demand for lithium batteries is expected to reach 222gwh. The demand for lithium ion batteries is expected to rise.
Rapid upgrades drive the growing volume of electrolytic fluids. We expect global lithium battery recombinant electrolysis from 2018 to 2020 to require 12.80, 19.17 and 2881 million tons of auto-powered lithium cell electrolyte, respectively. With tons of electrolyte demand, the compound growth rate from 2018 to 2020 is 32%.
The volume of electrolysis fluids delivered in 2018 amounted to 142,000 tons, an increase of 28.6 per cent over the same year, with the largest power-type ratio of 60.7 per cent; the digital-type ratio of 33.8 per cent; and the storage-type ratio of 5.6 per cent benefiting from the rapid development of new energy vehicles, with the share of the electrolytic fluids increasing overall from 2014 to the present year.
Our electrolytic fluids (tonne tons) are delivered, and the power electrolyte fluids have a significant head effect of almost 30%. According to high-tech lithium electricity data, in 2017, we had 40.1% electrolyte cr2, 66.0% cr5 and 85.8% cr; in 2018, 42.5%.
The advantages of the new Zeus State electrolyte were evident, with a combined share of 42.5 per cent; the advantages of the power electrolyte sector companies and the new Zeus States were more pronounced, with the combined share of the two enterprises reaching 48.9 per cent; and our share of the market for the discharge of the electrolytic fluids in 2017.
Market share of our powered electrolysis fluids in 2017 Market share of our powered electrolysis fluids in 2018
Global electrolysis production has been concentrated in China, Japan, and Korea. Since 2003, the national production of the electrolyte has gradually started to be replaced by imports, and as competitiveness has improved, some domestic electrolytes have started to be supplied to foreign battery manufacturers.
Overseas electrolysis enterprises include, among others, Mitsubishi Chemistry, Utsun, Sani Chemistry, lig Chemistry, Xinx Chemistry, etc. Currently, the total capacity of the country ' s electrolytic fluids is more than 400,000 tons. Additional electrolytic fluids are planned to produce more than 200,000 tons. The share of the global demand for electrolyte is increasing, with the development of the new energy automotive and storage industries and the development of the energy storage industries.
Market size is expanding, future demand for power cells will continue to grow steadily, market demand for the electrolyte will rise further, demand for the triads will continue to grow in 2019, additive requirements will increase, formulation collaborative development models will increase and electrolyte profits are expected to improve.
There is a structural overcapacity in the electrolyte industry, with a slightly higher capacity utilization rate of 40% in 2018.
The impact of capacity utilization on costs is small, and high capacity utilization still reflects the strong competitiveness of leading companies.
2.5, q3 after 2018. Overcapacity in the electrolysis industry, with long-term exposure to higher supply than demand, fluctuations in the prices of raw materials are a major factor in the volatility of prices in the electrolytic industry.
The cost of lithium hexafluorate was 35-40% and the cost of solvents was 30-35%. Historically, the price of lithium hexafluorate was influenced by supply and demand and fluctuated more.
The overall fluctuation in the price of the electrolyte is related to the price of lithium hexafluoride. After 2010, lithium hexafluorate was produced, with excess capacity in 2013, with a fall in the price of lithium hexafluorate and a competition in the industry. The price of the electrolyte fell in the second half of 2015.
L, the price of the electrolyte increased considerably as the upstream raw material, lithium hexafluoride, was in short supply and prices rose significantly. After the second half of 2016, the supply and demand imbalance of lithium hexafluorate improved, and the price of lithium hexafluoride began to fall as the country’s leading lithium hexafluorate producer added to production capacity.
The price of the electrolyte drops as a result of walking through the tunnels. At the same time, the pressure on the cost of the power cell company passed to the electrolyte firm, and the electrolyte firm lowered the price by forcing the electrolyte firm to lower the price. After the first half of 2018, the market pattern became clearer and the low-price competition strategy was gradually abandoned; in the second half of 2018, due to the upstream phase.
The material solvent dimethyl-acid dimethyl-acid plant has ceased production and repairs, while the Shandong Sea Section has been affected by heavy rains, with a sharp reduction in supply. The supply of dimethyl-carbon-acid solvents has been strained, there is a shortage of currents, prices have been rising, the electrolyte is affected by rising costs. The plant has been priced. The electrolyte plant has suffered from insufficient start-up rates due to a shortage of solvents and increased bargaining power for the electrolytic fluids.
The impact on the bottom continues to rise, and later the supply of solvents has improved with the revival of solvent manufacturers, but overall supply remains tight, solvent prices are high, lithium hexafluoride is low, the price of the electrolyte is steady, and the price of the electrolyte is stable. As the customer structure, product structure and sales are adjusted, the electrolytic fluid is Māori.
The rate has also been maintained in a reasonable range. 2.6, lithium hexafluoride has improved on the edge of supply and demand, and prices are rising. In 2020, total global demand for lithium electricity was 326gwh, of which the demand for lithium-powered batteries is expected to reach 222gwhh.
The rapid increase in the demand for lithium ion batteries has led to a steady increase in the volume of electrolyte discharges. We expect global demand for lithium batteries to be 24.64, 32.00 and 4291 million tons of electrolyte per year, respectively, and 32 per cent of the combined increase from 2018 to 2020; of these, 12.80, 19.17 and 2881 million tons of electrolyte are required for auto-powered lithium cells, respectively.
With the rapid increase in demand for electrolyte, we expect global demand for lithium hexafluoride to be 3.08 per cent by 2018-2020, and by the end of the year, the world’s leading firm, lithium hexafluoride, had a capacity of 588 million tons and, according to statistics, had a capacity of more than 70,000 tons by the end of 2019.
In addition to the fact that some of the production capacity is self-reliant, the combination of multiple causes does not fully translate into production releases. (1) There are seasonal differences in demand, there are seasonal differences in the need for lithium hexafluorate, and there is a risk that the larger demand will result in structural changes in three or four quarters.
New energy automobiles are sold on a clearly seasonal basis, and the volume of powered batteries shows “a significant increase in the load of pre-years and pre-years and pre-month months. Large-scale looting is expected to occur in the second half of the year, especially in the light of the expected impact of the subsidized slopes.
The electrolytic fluid readiness to batteries takes two to three months to load, and the quarterly electrolytic fluids are seasonally relatively smooth compared to the battery load. Quarterly differences in electrolytic fluids lead to quarterly differences in lithium hexafluoride demand, which may lead to structural supply constraints in three to four quarters of higher demand.
(2) The effects of increased production have been reduced, and the effects of concentrated capacity releases are being absorbed over time, affected by price declines, with the exception of a small number of leading enterprises, where lithium hexafluoride has decreased enthusiasm for expansion and energy concentration has been reduced. In 2017, the capacity of lithium hexafluoride was released at a peak, with prices falling significantly, at a minimum.
At that time, a profit/loss balance was reached for small and medium-sized enterprises. According to the previous analysis of the cost of lithium hexafluoride, the cost of lithium hexafluoride production in the country was largely controlled at around 75,000 yuan/tonne at the current price of 10-110,000 yuan/t. The Māori rate was only 11-18 per cent for the current price of 10-110,000 yuan/tonne, and the Māori per ton at $1.15 per ton/t. As a result of hexafluoride
For small and medium-sized enterprises, the depreciation of lithium-percent is more than 6 per cent, and if the rate of start-up is insufficient, it will significantly erode the already meagre Maori. Since 2017, there has been a decline in the enthusiasm of lithium hexafluorate enterprises to expand their production, with some enterprises having adjusted their plans for the release of additional capacity, which has generally been reduced or delayed, and the effects of concentration of energy are gradually being absorbed.
Since 2018, there has been a rapid increase in exports of lithium hexafluoride, a gradual decrease in imports, a rapid increase in exports-imports (net exports) and a gradual transfer of foreign production to the country.
Total imports amounted to 1,058 tons, a 45 per cent decrease in the same year; total exports of lithium hexafluoride amounted to 3053 tons, an increase of more than 300 per cent in the same year. The country ' s lithium hexafluorate technology has matured, production capacity and production have increased gradually, and the higher price of lithium hexafluorate has declined significantly, resulting in a reduction in imports, an increase in exports and exports of lithium hexafluorphorate.
- Imports are growing rapidly. With the release of domestic lithium hexafluoride capacity, future imports of lithium hexafluorate are expected to be about 2,000 tons of lithium hexafluorate exports in 2018, representing about 6 per cent of global demand, equivalent to tons, conservatively assuming an average monthly exports of 315 tons in 2019 and 3780 tons of hexafluoric acid in 2019.
Lithium has been transferred from abroad to domestic production. Lithium hexafluorate exports have increased rapidly and imports have declined gradually. Figure 31: Export - Imports have increased rapidly in 2018
3. Deep layout of the lithium electric material industrial chain, construction of a sophisticated chemical recycling system 3.1, fine-tuning of the chemical industrial chain and enhancement of core competitiveness.
In the light of industrial trends in smell and forward looking, the company began to develop, produce and sell electrolyte, based on the outlook for the lithium battery industry at the time, on the one hand, and on the other, because the electrolyte also belongs to the field of fine chemicals, where the fine chemical works in process technology, machine equipment selection, process engineering magnification, technical services, sales and other.
The company’s strategic vision, with its management team at its core, and the company’s accumulation of sophisticated materials over the years, has evolved from an early single electrolytic fluid to electricity with its current electrolyte core, including lithium carbonate, lithium salt, solvents, additives, or solid materials.
The electrolyte business is the company's long-term development strategy, and the company will continue to do lithium technology innovation in the future, laying the foundation for the company to become an electrolyte leader, while the continuously improved industrial layout allows it to “strengthen” and further enhances the company's competitiveness and strengthens industry's leadership.
The company now forms both a vertical layout of lithium carbonate-hydroxyfluorate-dithium electrolyte and a horizontal layout of lithium carbonate-iron phosphate-hydrazine. The two-way layout of the chain not only allows for synergy, high sharing of customer resources, but also helps companies.
The company has developed a stable supply advantage and a synergistic advantage of horizontal operations along the vertical lines of the industrial chain around the main business and industry, through endogenous construction and outward investment. In endogenous construction, the company produces its main product by producing its own product.
Core key raw materials, continuous innovation in production processes, equipment and technology, construction of a system of circular industrial chains, and acquisition of a continuous cost competitive advantage. In the area of outward-extension investments, companies are consolidating and expanding through mergers and acquisitions of companies with core customers or technological advantages, participation in upstream raw material suppliers, horizontal synergies with other material providers in the industrial chain.
The company ' s position and influence in the industry.
The company, as the leader of the industry for the separation of liquids from materials upstream of lithium ion batteries, is actively engaged in industrial layouts, which continuously reduce production costs through vertically integrated vertically and horizontally.
Also participating in the lithium-sink industry and the lithium-carbonate supply companies of Jiangxi-Yun, creating synergies in the value chain between the company's electrolyte fluids and the main raw materials upstream of the main lithium-cell material products, further refining the industrial chain of the resource-basic material-products that the company has built.
Science and Technology Ltd., which invests in the construction of the 25,000 tons of iron phosphate-based positive-polycerine material project to achieve the industrial layout of the company in the positive-polar material of lithium phosphate. In addition, based on the difficult storage and long-range transport features of the company ' s products, companies have reduced their transport radius and transport costs through a multi-terrestrial plant strategy.
The construction of electrolyte plants in Ninder, Kojiang and Tianjin has significantly reduced the radius of product transport, saved transportation costs and contributed to better meeting the needs of downstream customers.2 The construction of a more sophisticated chemical recycling chain further enhances the company ' s core competitiveness
The company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, Kyosumi, invested in the construction of an annual 400,000-ton sulphur acid project, which, on the one hand, would reduce the cost of tailings treatment by consuming the tail gas generated by the Xijiang plant and, on the other hand, the residual heat recovery built with the sulfur acid project, whose by-product steam would also produce electricity.
The company is also planning to invest in an expansion project that produces 50,000 tons of hydrogen fluorine per year and 25,000 tons of electronic-grade hydrofluoric acid per year. The completion of these projects is expected to lead to the construction of a more sophisticated industrial chain for the company and further enhancement of the company.
3.2. The capacity of electrolytic liquids is expanding rapidly, and the existing capacity and expansion programmes are among the country ' s first largest electrolytic fluid expansions, serving the core clients of the near plant. The company has now completed a strategic geographical layout of the electrolytic liquid energy supply covering 500 km along the coast, covering Guangzhou, Xijiang, Ningde.
And Tianjin's four bases, with a combined capacity of more than 50,000 tons, have been ranked first in the country. On the basis of the four bases, the company began to build a supply point for electrical fluids in the region of Huadong, with $280 million invested in the construction of an electric fluid capacity of 100,000 tons in the first phase of Yoo, integrating it through a fully-fledged pmc (productionmatic control)
Planning systems, ancillary stock management and storage links provide good delivery conditions in close proximity to supply. To date, Changzhou has introduced a new energy car complex, including the North Gas Group, the Motomes, the Cars and the Homes.
It's a relatively complete chain of power cell industries. The company facilitates the matching of downstream battery customers in close proximity plants. At the same time, in order to expand overseas markets and serve core customers, the company plans to build 50,000 tons of electrolytic liquid capacity in the Czech Republic, mainly in catl and lg European plants.
By the end of 2018, the company had 30,000 tons of liquid lithium hexafluoride (converted to 10,000 tons of solids).
Lithium hexafluor phosphoric acid (DH6) and 4,000 tons of lithium solid hexafluorate, totalling 14,000 tons of lithium solid hexafluorate (Lithium hexafluorate) production capacity (1 ton solid hexafluorate with 8 tons of electrolyte).
Lithium hexafluoride production capacity, which will be gradually expanded in the future by two periods of 30,000 tons of liquid lithium hexafluorate. In 2018, Lithium hexafluorphosphorate started at a low rate, some of which still needed to be outsourced. With the initial completion of the company ' s lithium sheeting of hexafluorate, we expect the company ' s lithium hexafluorate to be largely self-supplied in 2019, with the expectation of upgrading the company ' s electricity.
Production of lithium hexafluoride is more difficult to prepare. Production is extremely difficult and demanding for raw materials and equipment because the product itself is highly adsorbed by the tide.
Very, typically, highly technically difficult, polluting, and highly dangerous "three-high" fine chemical products. Thus, lithium phosphate projects usually have long construction cycles, high initial investment and relatively long environmental approval cycles.
As lithium hexafluorate is poorly stable and highly resistant to water, lithium hexafluorate products are usually prepared in non-water solvents such as hydrofluorinated hydrogen, low alkyl ether, americium and thorium.
The main examples of modelling are hydrofluoride solvents and organic solvents. Hydrofluoride solvents are based mainly on different sources of lithium or phosphorus, hydrofluoride liquids as solvents and solid lithium hexafluoride through a series of reactions. The advantage is that phosphorus pentafluoride and lithium fluoride are soluble in hydrofluoride.
The opposite should occur in the liquid phase, making the overall response easy to conduct and control. The disadvantages are: (1) crystallization is not easy to control; (2) residual hf is corrosive to battery material, thus affecting battery electrical performance; (3) the requirements for equipment materials and preservation measures and safety measures for production are high, and the financial input is increased: (4) the process is deep cold.
Hydrogen fluorine solution process Organic solvent process process
Organic solvents are organic solvents that manufacture lithium ion cell electrolyte such as acrylic carbonate (pc), acetate carbonate (emc), diethylene carbonate (dec), dimethyl carbonate (dmc) as solvents, with the addition of catalytic agents or additional solvents to prepare liquid lithium hexafluorophosphate; or the material required to produce lithium hexafluorate is dissolved in solubility and separation.
The process directly produces an electrolyte with lithium hexafluoride as lithium salt, suitable only for liquid lithium hexafluorophosphate and not for solid lithium hexafluoride.
The method of hydrofluorinated hydrogen solvents is also the main process in terms of domestic and foreign industrial scale production. In addition to hydrofluorinated hydrogen solvents, organic solvents are also used on a larger scale in the industry, with the main product being liquid lithium hexafluoride, of which the main product is liquid lithium hexafluorate.
The lithium hexafluoride generated during the preparation of liquid lithium hexafluoride is continuously dissolved in organic solvents, making the counter-reaction interface constantly updated and the resulting electrolytic fluids can be used directly in lithium ion batteries, and the solid lithium hexafluoride crystallization and crystallization can be avoided.
The process steps of dissolution are efficient output through continuous production, with lower equipment and production costs. Lithium hexafluorate is more cost-effective than lithium solid hexafluorate liquid. Lithium hexafluorate is 30 to 35% solid in liquid lithium hexafluorate and can generally be converted to lithium solid hexafluorate at one third of capacity.
To further reduce the cost of lithium hexafluorophosphoric acid, the company plans to invest $150 million in an ensign project with an annual production of 50,000 tons of hydrogen fluorine and an annual production of 25,000 tons of electronic-grade hydrofluoric acid to meet the company's cost of hexafluoride.
The company plans to invest $240 million in a project to create 300,000 tons of sulphur acid per year in the Jiangxi River.
(1) The residual residual recovery system built with the sulphur acid project, which can also produce by-product vapour, can be used to produce current output, meet the company's demand for steam use and production power, resulting in a significant reduction in the cycle.
(ii) The future demand for sulphuric acids can be better met by projects such as lithium hexafluorate and iron phosphate, which provide adequate raw material support for the production of lithium ion battery materials in the company.
The Li Xijiang mining industry is engaged in mineral selection; and the company also has a solid lithium hexafluoride (HFC) and liquid lithium hexafluorate (organic solvent) to enhance the competitiveness of the electrolytic liquid product by increasing its holdings of the electrolytic fluid additives in Jimutb, Kardang, and the company has both a solid lithium hexafluoride (HFC) and a liquid lithium hexafluoric acid (POA) product.
The company further reduced the cost of lithium hexafluoride by using it for its own use. The company currently owns 4,000 tons of solid lithium hexafluorophosphate and 30,000 tons of liquid lithium hexafluorate.
Dismantling cost advantages, with overall profitability levels at the top of the industry. The company ' s cost advantages have been reduced by the sharp decline in lithium hexafluoride prices since 2017. According to the preceding chapter, by the end of 2018, the price of lithium hexafluorate had increased by the main raw material hydrofluoric acid, while the price of lithium hexafluorate had improved between supply and demand.
The recovery is expected to lead to a recovery of the company ' s electrolyte Māori rate.
In addition to lithium hexafluoride, the company has deployed a new type of lithium salt. Lithium salt is an important component of the lithium ion battery electrolyte, providing not only the lithium source necessary for the proper operation of the lithium ion cell, but also the passivation process that allows the battery to stabilize and continue to work under high voltage, so that the development of the new lithium salt is a lithium ion cell electrolyte.
The key issues in the study. Lifsi is able to target performance to address the common technical problems of the current cycle prevalent in lithium ion batteries with shorter life spans (especially in high temperature) and safety risks, and products are now more competitive in international markets such as Japan, the United States, and Europe. As production technologies break through, production costs will not be the same.
The company, through continuous technological accumulation and continuous research and development, has acquired the synthetic technology of mass production of new lithium salt. The company’s new lithium salt lifsi currently has 300 tons of capacity and plans to build 2,000 tons of high-performance lifsi capacity.
Lithium di (fluoryl sulfonyl) hydrazine (lfsi) lithium hexafluorate (lpf6), 3.5, layout additives to enhance electrolyte competitiveness
Replenishment Controls Jang Jimutbreed electrolyte additives to enhance the competitiveness of electrolyte products. Adders are becoming more important as battery performance requirements increase and electrolyte technology develops. Generally, solvents and lithium salt are easily analysed and imitated in electrolytic fluids, but the additive components are often difficult to analyse, and the additives are electrolytic fluids.
At present, additives such as membrane additives vc, booster capacity and low-temperature additives have been widely used, product extraction methods are relatively open, but product purity requirements are high (often present).
99.9% or more, as the small amount of impurities may affect the performance of lithium batteries, the manufacturer’s ability to pure the arts and quality control will determine the cost and quality of the product. At the same time, additives are high-risk chemicals, and in the context of national environmental production restrictions, production qualifications (currently strictly reviewed by the national Circulation) and input of high-environmental equipment (chemicals) are considered to be high-risk chemicals.
The main barriers are the production of waste liquids or solid waste, which needs to be purified. The company recapitalized Zhang Jimut, whose main products are ion triggers, acids, diluents, resins, and electrolytes. In the development of new additives, the company has developed new additives with a high-temperature balance.
The characteristics of the ability do not require cryogenic storage of the resulting electrolyte formulation products, which can be saved significantly in logistics and storage for customers. From the electrolyte to the phosphate iron/diathydium phosphate material.
The company, a leading supplier of lithium cell electrolyte in the country, has achieved a horizontal synergy in the industrial layout of lithium phosphate in solid materials through the holding of the shares of Quantico Xied (70% of the shares in Qingxied), which initially builds the chain of lithium battery materials. Jiang Xied now owns 10,000 tons of phosphate phosphate Qiydium material production capacity in Iychun.
In Taizhou, the project to build 25,000 tons of iron phosphate per year was invested to achieve the company’s completion of the phosphate iron production capacity in solid material, which will be delivered in 2019. The company’s subsidiary, Xijiang Xian, completed the production of 30,000 tons of iron phosphate (pre-hydrazine phosphate drive) by the end of 2018 and effectively digests the side of the lithium hexafluoride production line.
The company’s target customers are the company’s main suppliers of electrolyte, such as Biadi, catl, and the country’s sulfuric acid, which can be produced in a recycling economy that can help reduce production costs. After the elimination of the new energy car subsidy, phosphoric acids are the main customers of the company’s electrolyte fluids, such as Biadi, catl, and the country’s platinum.
Lithium solid material has a cost advantage, with phosphate lithium batteries in the areas of low-speed electric vehicles and electric bicycles replacing lead-acid batteries. Solar materials product strategy plus marketing strategy are upgraded to contribute to the growth of new dynamic energy.
The company produces a range of solar materials, mainly surfactants, silicon oils, water soluble polymers, ion-modifiers, etc., in which solar materials are widely applied to the cleaning and care of the human body, downstream products are used for personal care, including shampoo, shampoo, hair protection, membrane, bathing, skin protection, etc., while solar materials are also widely available.
In 2017, China’s personal care market was growing steadily and rapidly, with the growth of the national economy and the growth of the economy.
The increase in disposable income and the desire to live well have contributed to the increase in the consumption of personal care products. China’s per capita consumption of cosmetics was around 30% of the per capita consumption of cosmetics in the United States in 2016, according to estimates of market capacity and population ratios for cosmetics in the United States and China, so there is still much room for development.
The country’s personal-care enterprises have promoted and strengthened local push and online marketing of high-end products, and are competing with new and emerging domestic brands. The high-end, green transformation of the products of a number of well-known cosmetics firms in the country has also begun to show unmindable competitiveness, and the emerging power of cosmetics in the form of Internet and micro-blasts.
The volume also shows a pattern of flowering. Markets generally present a breakdown of consumption groups, precision of channel location, high demand for green safety and quality performance of raw materials, and pose new challenges to the capacity of material suppliers to innovate in terms of R & D and technical services.
The scale and speed of our market for high-end cosmetics and popular products, the scale and speed of our sales of cosmetics, in the area of personal care materials, the firm actively expands transnational public services based on the steady development of domestic markets.
The company is one of the companies that promoted international business earlier in the personal care industry and actively engaged with the customers of transnational corporations. It is now in the global procurement system for cross-country personal care enterprises such as Bounty, Rita, Byersdorf (bdf), Gauluj and O'League.
In terms of product strategy, the company’s strategy to win high Maori products in 2018 was beginning to bear fruit, and, with the guaranteed increase in sales, the rate of solar Maori has returned to historical normal levels. In terms of marketing strategy, the public sector has adopted a marketing strategy to lead the distribution of formula applications in the area of cosmetics, with corporate recognition in the cosmetics industry.
In the future, companies will continue to use technology services as a prelude to local brand ownership in priority countries and to increase the technological impact of their industries.
5.1. Core assumptions and profit projections The company is an electrolytic liquid tap, with both cost and technical advantages, benefiting from a rise in the price of lithium hexafluoride. We expect the public pe to be 23, 40 and 21 times higher, respectively. For the first time, coverage is given as a “recommended” rating.
The new energy vehicle policy changes risk, the electrolytic fluid price volatility risk, and the project has not advanced as expected.