A quarter price gap of $450 for propanepropylene, c3 industry chain continues to be high, we've recently conducted field research on companies, and we've gone deeper in terms of company operations and future development planning.
The company currently has 450,000 tons of acrylic production in the c3 industrial chain, 480,000 tons of acrylic acid, and 450,000 tons of acrylic acid. A 3 billion increase has recently been approved for the construction of 450,000 tons of pdh capacity, 300,000 tons of polypropylene, and 120,000 tons of sap. Since the first quarter of this year, the average price difference between propane and acrylate has been about $450 per ton.
The company’s performance is expected to increase significantly with the next 450,000 tons and 300,000 tons of polypropylene production. The purchase of Hunan Condex care leads downstream, and the sap is expected to become a new growth pole in the company’s performance in the future.
\triangleright High Molecular Inhalation of Water resin (Sap) is a typical high function molecular material that absorbs its weight.
Hundreds of times, even thousands of times, of water, with a strong water security capability. Sap can be used for sanitary products, such as sanitary towels, paper diapers, urinal cushions, agriculture, gardening, food, civil construction, cosmetics, medical care, electrical and electronic materials, paint, etc. The company expands its post-natal entertainment base to 150,000 tons of sap, mainly for sanitary products such as paper diapers.
Assuming that there are about 50 million users of paper urinary products in the country, they consume about four films per day, with a penetration rate of about 40% per year, and that there are about 10,000 tons per year. In the future, as paper urinary products become more permeable in rural areas, paper urinary products are aligned with foreign standards, and market space is expected to reach 440,000 tons per year.
In August 2016, the electric power provider started to make a profit, and the company ranked fourth in the monthly sales of its platform, including foreign products, which were not wet. Moreover, Congene Oem is growing very rapidly, producing technology for many foreign brands.
It is judged that the acquisition of Hunan Concierge will bring significant synergies to the company’s sap business, which is expected to become the new growth pole for the company’s performance in the future. Double, 11, and nine. Maintain the “very recommended” rating.
Prices for acrylic acids and esters were lower than expected, and there was uncertainty about the pace of production of the new acrylic, polypropylene and sap project. The difference was extended to $400, and companies continued to benefit from it.
In October 2014, he took part in industrial studies on major energy directions, such as petrochemicals. He graduated from Northwestern University, graduate from China Petroleum University (Beijing) and chemical technology. He worked in the China-Plusified Beijing branch of Yinshan from August 2010 to February 2016, and in the technical management of oil refining and chemical production. In March 2016, he took part in research on petrochemicals.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.