The Topper Group (601689.sh) is deeply bound to high-quality autonomous lead companies and continues to outperform their performance, resulting in net profit of $214 million to the mother, an increase of 50.04 per cent over the reporting period.
It is expected that, in the coming years, autonomous brands will continue their rise and advance into overseas markets, and companies will deepen their core customers and further improve the global layout. At the same time, companies are expected to become new growth points in their performance in new business areas, such as automobiles, electronics, and electric cars.
The company is the leader in the area of nevh rubber, with a high-quality and wide-ranging client base, both domestically and internationally. Domesticly, self-owned brands, such as guilds, upper and wider, have increased their sales by about 89% in the first half of 17 years, and have increased their sales by about 89%.
Overseas market companies have cooperated with companies like General, Chrysler, Ford, Audi, etc., and light-quantified products have entered Tesla’s supply system. At the same time, companies are deeply tied to autonomous leadership brands, further improving the external layout.
The full rise of autonomous leadership brands and the continued expansion of overseas clients will provide the medium- and long-term growth of companies in the area of smart driving and new energy vehicles, and ibs and vp products are expected to become new performance growth points. In parallel with the steady growth of the industry, companies develop smart brake systems (ibs) and electronic vacuum pumps (evp)
ibs are the core modules for intelligent driving and the preferred brake system for new energy vehicles, and the standard configurations for turbo-pressure and new-energy-powered car brakes are consistent with future trends in car intelligence and new energy. As intelligent driving and new-energy cars develop, the demand for ibs and evp will be higher.
The company’s 1.5 million smart brake systems (ibs) and 2.6 million electronic vacuum pumps (vp) systems are expected to become operational by 2018 and are expected to become a new performance growth point for the company in the future.
Top Group: The quarterly report has performed well and has increased its performance throughout the year. Top Group: Overperformance, new products and big orders. Top Group: Benefiting from the "triple" of automobiles and autonomous brands.
- to benefit from a significant increase in sales by core clients, which is over-expected by 50.04% over the reporting period. A high growth in sales of corporate brands, such as guilds, uppers, and wides, has led to a strong sales of company-related products. Autonomous brands are expected to continue their rise and advance into overseas markets in the coming years, and companies will be heavily tied up for approval.
At the same time, new business areas, such as car electronics and electric cars, are expected to be (i) domestic nvh headlines, high growth of the main business, product breakdowns, $1.08 billion in revenue from apparel devices in the first half of 17 years, an increase of 71.01% in the same year; rubber output reduction.
In terms of the gross profit splits, the overall share of interior features and rubber tremor products together accounted for 93.42 per cent of the profits of the company, although the rubber tremor products showed a slight decline compared to 2016 and were still higher than that of other years; and the aluminum control arm Maori ratio remained stable.
Overall, in the first half of 17 years, the company ' s Māori ratio was 29.91 per cent, net interest rate was 16.58 per cent, a decrease of 1.11 percentage points and (ii) three fees, respectively, remained stable, R & D inputs increased product competitiveness R & D costs as a proportion of business income were generally stable, and continued R & D inputs helped to upgrade corporate ownership and productivity.
Figure 8: Three rates over the past 12 quarters, II. Autonomy for high performance growth, with automobile electronics in the medium and long term
(i) Deeply tied autonomous leadership brands, with strong performance growth momentum, are the leading players in the Nvh rubber de-shock division with high-quality and wide-ranging clientele, both domestically and internationally. Home-grown auto-car companies, such as guilds, upper steam, and wide gas, increased their sales by about 89% in the first half of the 17th year, and the sales of upper auto autonomy by the same amount.
About 113%, with a 57% increase in the same volume of sales, and a 46.86% increase in domestic revenues. Overseas market companies have cooperated with utility, Chrysler, Ford, Audi, etc., and light-quantified products have entered Tesla’s supply system.
Taku will provide adequate guarantees for the growth of company performance in the medium and long term. (ii) Automobile electronics are accurate and are expected to become medium and long-term performance growth points, while the dominant industry is growing steadily, companies cut in through the development of smart brake systems (ibs) and electronic vacuum pumps (evp)
ibs are the core modules for intelligent driving and the preferred brake system for new-energy vehicles, the standard configuration of turbo pressure and new-energy-powered car brakes, consistent with future trends in car intelligence and new-energyization. As smart-drives and new-energy vehicles develop, demand for ibs and vp will continue to increase.
The capacity of the system and 2.6 million electronic vacuum pumps (vp) systems is expected to become operational by 2018 and is expected to become new downstream customers of the company with less than expected vehicle sales; the electronic vehicle project is not progressing as expected.