The performance cut-off point was established, promising a sustained and rapid increase of RMB 1,587 million in operating income for the 2017q4 company, an increase of 16.07 per cent over the same period; and a net return of RMB 102 million, an increase of 34.86 per cent over the same period.
1. Performance and profitability are clearly at a turning point, showing an accelerated growth trend: of these, the net profits from both collections and deductions are higher than expected, and the off-the-shelf income, such as government subsidies, is much lower than the average.
During the period, we judged that government subsidies were likely to be extended; There was an accelerated growth in the company's operations, with software development and engineering services, outsourcing of services, systems integration and revenue growth of 15.91 per cent, 38.57 per cent, 6.41 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous year.
(b) Three cost improvements were higher than expected, three points down, and a significant increase in future idc operations and
A relatively stable profit margin will further reduce the three cost rates. Māori for system integration operations has declined slightly, and Māori for outsourcing services has declined by 7 per cent, mainly as a result of the study by the Home dollar Securities Corporation - Treasure Letter software (600845)idc,
The idc project has a lower Māori ratio than the shipping business, with 17 years of rapid growth in corporate idc operations and a lower level of outsourcing of services, smart manufacturing double-wheel drive, return of kings, 2018-2-5.3 significant cost improvements, sustained optimization of profitability, three overall cost rates down by almost 3 per cent, significantly changed
Good corporate profitability offsets the decline in the Māori rate, driving net interest rates up by 0.42 to 4, the policy boom, the iron and steel industry’s Internet boom, the industrial Internet being key to the future upgrading of manufacturing, and the central and local governments’ high focus since 17 years, with no policy dividends.
Unreleased, company entry into the Paranoid Department's “first list of recommendations for suppliers of smart manufacturing systems solutions”, is a small group of manufacturers with “full-scale, process-wide, life-cycle” business construction capabilities in the country, and the company's Treasure Cloud Industries Internet platform is now being used by the Treasure Steel Group.
The manufacture of No. 18 on Maysan Road, Hefu City, Anhui Province, China, will be the direction of China's future development.
As the iron and steel information market warms, and the Quantico II, III, and IV phases are gradually built and mounted, the company will enter the rapid release phase of its performance, with net profit returns of 630 million and 888 million pers in 18-19, respectively.
Risk analysis: idc is built and mounted at a slower pace than expected, and iron and steel information market demand is less than expected