The stock incentive program was approved by the National Finance Committee, and the intellectual builder's lead was back on the sail.
The company’s first incentive program is intended to reach no more than 350 company directors and senior executives.
• Equity incentives boost morale, unlocking indicators are comprehensive, and intelligent production of taps and sails are comprehensive. This restricted equity incentive scheme has a wide range of incentives for companies and individuals, contributing to the morale of companies, 9% and 10%, and is no less than the 75-point value of the industry for the target enterprises, with the company withholding Froe in 2016.
In 2017, the company was largely downstream, i.e., downstream.
In the steel industry, the output performance was remarkable, the industry was back up, and in the last three quarters, the total income of the Shin Man Iron Enterprise was 100 billion dollars, 51.7 per cent more than the previous quarter, the net return to the mother was 46.45 billion yuan, 425.5 per cent more than the previous year, and the public orders were significantly higher. With supply-side reforms continuing, energy efficiency was the transformation of the steel industry.
One of the important steps in the future is the prospect of a sustained release of smart manufacturing orders, with strong incentives for corporate ownership. The company is also the leading intellectual manufacturing firm, the deep-deep steel industry, and the full range of information-based solutions available to bountiful steel.
The company is a high-quality Idc provider, starting in 2013 and based on the Toro industrial base ' s preponderance of hydropower base resources, creating the core competitiveness of the idc industry on a scale in the China-East communications super-portal area.
Phases II, III construction, phase IV under preparation, expected to be completed by the end of 2018, with approximately 18,000 cabinets in the first three phases, with a 95% occupancy rate expected, and with some of the hangars in the fourth quarter of 2019 ready to be loaded and profitable. With the increase in the build-up rate and the release of revenue, Idc’s operating profitability is expected to increase further,
Profit predictions and investment proposals. Not taking into account the possible spread of debt swaps, and taking into account the spread of equity incentives, the rate of increase is 27.4 per cent, and the current rate of increase is 58.1 times higher in the computer industry, the industry ' s whole year 2017, the company is the leading industrial software application and service provider in the country, and it is a small minority in the country that can be referred to by users.
Software enterprises for multi-industry application development, integration of information systems and related information technology services. The company is an information-based subsidiary under the Treasure Steel flag, with 55.5 per cent of the stock holdings and absolute holdings as of the third quarter of 2017.
Companies ' products and services include steel, transport, outsourcing of services, extraction, colouring, petrochemicals, equipment manufacturing (including shipbuilding), resources, metals, finance, public services, etc. The company ' s products and services such as mes, ems, shipping services, etc. are the first in the area of iron and steel informatics.
Starting in 2013, the company began to develop the idc industry based on its land, water, and electricity resources in the Shanghai region. The company has now completed phases I, II, and III. The fourth phase is under preparation, with about 18,000 cabinets expected to be loaded in the first three phases by the end of 2018, with a 95% occupancy rate expected to reach 9,000 planned in the fourth phase in 2019.
Some of the cabinets can also be loaded and profitable. Corporate-owned business structures: the company’s main business income is derived mainly from software development, service outsourcing, and systems integration equipment. According to the 2016 annual report, software development contributed 72.9 per cent of the revenue, and service outsourcing contributed 22.5 per cent of the revenue;
Software development contributed 59.5 per cent in terms of operating profits, and service outsourcing 38 per cent. Software development is the company’s traditional master business, and colleagues in the deep-dry steel industry erp, mes, etc. are active in developing other sectors of the market; service outsourcing includes iron and steel company information services outsourcing and idc operations, with a higher Māori ratio, with a higher share in operating income and a higher share in operating profits.
Corporate performance: As the company ' s main downstream steel industry significantly increased its profitability, corporate information orders increased considerably, and corporate overall Māori ratios increased as idc’s business spread. According to the Triannual Report 2017, the company achieved a revenue of $3.19 billion, an increase of 23.0 per cent, and a net return of $320 million, an increase of 24.3 per cent, a gain of 24.3 per cent.
There has been a significant increase in the size of earnings. The annual growth in corporate software development orders has been 35%, 30%, and 25%, and the ratio of information-based orders to software development has been relatively high, assuming that the overall Māori rate for software development has been maintained at 25% since the increase in previous years.
The number of machines operating amounted to 8,300, 13,000 and 20,000, respectively, and the Māori rate increased with the increase in the share of the idc operation in the outsourcing of services.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.