The cloud business has continued to grow in three digits, and the cloud platform will be the main event in the future: the company issued a single quarterly report in 2018, yielding revenues of $1,074 million, an increase of 43.9 per cent over the same period; and the mother's net profit loss of $108 million, a decrease of 35.4 per cent over the same period.
▪ The cloud business continued to grow in three digits and the net profits were reversed significantly. 1 For the sub-business: 702 million dollars, a 16 per cent increase over the same period. 2 Cloud services: revenue collection, a further breakdown of cloud operations, a) cloud platform Paas+ application software services saas+ non-financial industries
(b) Payment services: $23 million, an increase of 32.6 per cent;
Over 4 per cent at the end of the year, of which 25196,000 paid clients, representing an increase of 11.2 per cent over the end of 17 years; financial indicators: net profit loss of $108 million for mothers in the first quarter of 18, representing a decrease of 35.4 per cent in the same year; non-net profit loss of $112 million for mothers, representing a decrease of 32.8 per cent in the same year; and non-contracted equity incentive costs for mothers.
This represents an increase of 50.9 per cent over revenues of $1,074 million; net operating cash flows of $5.01 billion, or a contraction of 22 per cent; advance receipts of $918 million, an increase of 7.4 per cent over the end of 17 years, of which 120 million were received in advance,1 a friend network: the cloud business is above expectations.
At the end of 17 years, 91.29 million people, an increase of 31%. R & D continues to be highly invested, with 18q1 R & D investing 287 million in dual-beneficiary industrial Internet platforms and enterprises accounting for 26.7% of revenue, of which the capitalization rate is 17.3%.
The cloud platform will be the main growth point for corporate cloud operations, based on the ecological effects of the cloud platform's saas 2, a friend network: a successful transition to the target overseas. In December 2017, the company and Hubei Province signed a strategic cooperation agreement to build the lake.
In the case of the company, the company is expected to welcome revenues and ps from the North Province Industrial Clouds (friendship) platform, which was officially launched and operated online on 27 April 2018.
According to the plan, in 2018, 10,000 enterprises will be able to access the platform, and are now in the network of friends: 3.0 strategic transformations, and 5,000 enterprises in Hubei. With the signing (Gangxi, Hunan, Hubei, Zhejiang) and General,
The rise of the Internet’s flagship in the provinces where strategic cooperation agreements are to be signed has led to further development of industrial Internet platforms, cloud platforms (in particular, 4 Friends’ Networks: Affiliated Business Banks).
In addition to working with the provincial governments, the company works together to build a “business cloud service and finance” company that also helps large companies to build exclusive cloud platforms, and has now signed saddle steel, Shenzhen special hair, and Dae-Sang.
Clients like the Jiang Copper Group, the China Zhenhua Electronics Group. Since August 2017, when the company released the Smart Man 5, the Friends Network: Multiple Financial Indicators for the Certification of Internet Platforms, the smartness grew at a rapid rate, contributing nearly 70 million dollars in 2017.
The new product has been released as a catalyst for the development of the industrial Internet in the “Internet+Agricultural Manufacturing” Guidelines of the Council of State indicate that an internationally competitive industrial Internet platform, which we believe is likely to be one.
As the number and size of company-owned cloud platform clients increase at a high rate, both the ease of extension and the stickyness of use, the ecological effects of the saas begin to emerge through a focus on their own four main saas applications (marketing, finance, synergies, manpower) and applications that bring together a large number of partners.
We believe that 18 years of corporate cloud business will be more than 10% of revenue, and that the overall Ps valuation is reasonable as the company most likely to be the leader of our business, Saas. Reference is made to overseas cases, from the early stages of the transition to the model, where the adobe transition success will be about 13 times higher.
Many times the amount of ps corresponds to 33-40 times the amount of pe, which is within a reasonable range. In the long run, it is expected that the number of ps and revenues will rise twice.