On 25 April 2018, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Economic and Social Council of Hunan.
The Director of the Economic and Social Commission for Hunan and the Executive Director of the Affiliation Network have held an in-depth exchange on the development of the industrial Internet in Hunan Province, and a strategic cooperation agreement has been signed between the two parties.
• Both sides will use the corporate cloud service as an entry point for the digital transformation of Hunan enterprises, building on the needs of Hunan industry and enterprise development, building on the technological, platform and service advantages of their friends, building on the corporate cloud service as an entry point for industrial Internet development and promoting manufacturing + interconnectivity
The Ministry will increase its investment in Hunan Province to support the digital transformation of Hunan enterprises.
• The Alumni Industry Internet platform, which was a significant development year in 2018, brought together over 500 app eco-partners in different fields and industries and has served more than 1,000 clients of large and medium-sized enterprises, pushing for large-scale jobs.
The company has 30 years of experience and has been active in promoting “business on top of the clouds” and in building the ecological system of the Hunan industrial Internet platform. The company and the Hunan Economic Intelligence Commission will promote the use of the Friends (Hunan) industrial Internet platform to serve Hunan businesses.
Through its application, the platform will be used to innovate an Internet-based supply chain management model, promote the development of the Hunan industry cluster, and contribute to the construction of the Hunan “Boy Up Cloud” project. At the same time, the two sides will work together to build the ecological system of the Hunan industrial Internet platform and the industrial Internet on the basis of the development of the Hunan industry and business base.
In the future, friends will continue to serve businesses in the digital transformation of their businesses and build up the business services industry.
Yong, together with China’s digital economy and its intelligent society, are promoting the advancement and development of China’s digital economy.
Long New Spaces, Remaking Dragons, 2018-02-26. Together with the strong and the powerful, we build a digital economy together.