Launched by the Hubei industrial cloud platform, 10,000 companies will be promoted in 2018.
The North Province Industrial Clouds platform is officially launched and operated online.
• Launched by the Hubei Province Industrial Clouds (Friends) platform, the Hubei Province Industrial Clouds (Friends) platform, which will be rapidly landing, will be the first Hubei Province enterprise integrated cloud service platform to build a digital lake north base, and will serve as a unified entry point for the Hubei Industrial Enterprise and Government-related service platform.
This marks the beginning of the rapid landing of the industrial Internet in Hubei Province. The Hubei Province, through the Information Commission, has been working to promote the construction of the industrial Internet and the "Ouvenir Clouds" project, which will create three trillion-dollar industries over the next three to five years, more than one billion-dollar industries, and more than 500 billion-billion-dollar industries.
More than 20 billion class industries and 1,000 industry leaders in the sub-sectors. ..The “smart” industrial Internet platform service is highly superior, essentially completing the overall deployment of the platform, and using the “smart” industrial platform to promote the intelligent transformation of large industrial enterprises.
On August 19, 2017, the Friends Network launched the Smart Clouds Platform for Industrial Enterprises, the Friends Industry Internet Platform, which was launched on December 8th of the year. Hubei Province signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the Friends Network to build Lake North.
After more than four months, the network of friends has basically completed the subsidy policy of the platform as a whole, Hubei Industrial Cloud, which will be implemented in 2018 by 10,000 Hubei enterprises, and Hubei Industrial Clouds, which will be subsidized by the government, Ping.
In 2018, Hubei Province will adopt the Hubei Province Industrial Clouds.
In the coming months, China and Hubei will jointly promote 5,000 companies.
The Internet platform for the intellectual-friendliness industry promotes the growth of our industrial enterprises and speeds up the construction of powerful countries.
"Into the wind of the firm, the industrial Internet is open."