According to information disclosed by the official public number of friends, 17 May 2018, “2018 Chinese goods networking product lowest/highest in a year:
The Congress of Industry and Ecology and the Founding Congress of the China Property Networking Industry Alliance was held in Kyoto. Sadie's consultant released the White Paper on Industry and the Ten Industrial Clouds Platform of China's Industrial Networking Cloud Platform 2018, which was won by the Chinese Industrial Cloud Platform in 2018.
• Using "brain" to provide data-based smart cloud services to help industrial enterprises to innovate in business models and business models.
Cloud platforms, which provide data-based scenario-based smart cloud services, achieve quality improvement, cost reduction, efficiency, risk control, and enable industrial enterprises to innovate in business models, business models and business models through technological means such as cloud computing, object networking, big data, block chains, etc.
A major effort has been made to promote the intelligent transformation of large industrial enterprises, with 440,000 industrial firms that have accumulated services. The advantage of the Affordable Smart Industries Internet platform has been prominent in serving more than 1,000 clients of large and medium-sized enterprises who have supported million-grade users with their intellectual skills and have the capacity to store and process large-scale, pb-level industrial data.
The platform has high tolerance for error and data backup, recovery mechanisms, and supports the uninterrupted and steady operation of 7*24, as well as through the Iso 27001 and credible cloud certification.
The strategic cooperation agreement between the Economic and Social Council, the Institute of Information and Communications Technology, and others, has been signed. With the use of the Friends and Smart Industries Internet platform to help upgrade the manufacturing sector, the creation of strong countries is expected to accelerate, based on the capabilities and services of industry leaders, and the use of the Friends and Smart Industries Internet platform is accelerating.
To promote a new generation of information technology, software technology and manufacturing depths, to lead to an upgrading of the manufacturing sector, and to drive China's “intellectual” into a new era.
The year will boost 10,000 companies. 2018-05-01. The performance of the Quarterly Report will be significantly reduced, and cloud services will be collected.
"The Year's Report is over-expected, cloud service revenue rises."