It's a barrier to empowerment. It's a new growth space for the Southwest Securities Institute.
• Recommended logic: 1) high-end strategy effectiveness is evident, asking communities for m9 and m8 to succeed in establishing a high-end market position of over $400,000-500,000, creating a “new luxury” brand image, driving the 25H1 Māori ratio up to 4.9 pp to 28.9 per cent; with the simultaneous replication of m7 and planning for downward penetration of new models, the blast is expected to continue; 2) technology
Technical barriers continue to be entrenched, with a cumulative investment of nearly $30 billion in research and development, and deep binding in Shenzhen and Hua, while overseas deployments are gradually taking place, with subsidiaries established in Kazakhstan, Mexico, etc., to create new spaces for profit growth: 3) Pre-vision smart tracks, and new technology for the development of the Beijing aerial instrument intelligence.
The company focuses on smart electric motors, car main lanes, asking for brands to show off. By asking the community m9 and m8, the company succeeded in spending between $400,000 and $500,000.
High-end markets stand firm, creating a “new luxury” brand image, with a Māori ratio of 28.9% 25h1 and a vehicle model with high-end power extending downwards, continuously expanding the product matrix to cover a wider mainstream consumer market. Technology and seaboarding: two-wheel drive, building long-term moats.
By holding 10% of Shenzhen’s interest, the company’s collaboration with China has been upgraded to a “business + equity” deep binding model that gives priority to core technical areas such as smart driving, smart cabins, etc.
At present, in the first line of industry, it is expected to help the world maintain its intellectual leadership. At the same time, the company is firmly committed to the strategy of globalization by setting up subsidiaries in Kazakhstan, Mexico, etc., to actively market outside the sea.
Robotic operations: forward-looking layouts, exploring new growth curves. The company relies on a deep accumulation of intelligent manufacturing and intelligent technology to actively explore new intelligent paths.
It is expected that the technological advantages of the automobile industry chain will be transferred to robotics, and that a second growth curve will be created for the long term, taking into account the fact that the company's brands have established their feet at the high end with m9 and m8 and will gradually be explored, the product matrix will continue to enrich and drive rapid growth in sales, while the global layout will be launched, and market access in the Middle East will be on the ground.
There is a long-term expectation of higher levels of profitability. In addition, corporate intelligence has significant advantages, such as future human robotic operations or risks; the risks of changing the international economic and political landscape; the risks of supply chains; the risks of industrial policies; and the risks of strategic changes associated with China.
One or three transformations, a key turning point for collaboration, 1.1 From spare parts to high-end smart electric vehicles, company profile and development: the company was founded in 1986 as the Phoenix Electric Springs Factory in Chongqingba County, which is a new energy collection.
Technology and technology firms that are self-researched in the development, manufacture, marketing and core components of their cars, based on the precision of their cars, build the entire chain of "core three power-to-car manufacturing-globalization services" through a two-wheel-drive strategy of "Autonomous R & D+W for enabling" and use high-end new energy suv (m5/m7/m8/m9) and traditional fuel and new energy commercial vehicles.
In the context of home travel, high-end commerce, three major intelligent factories (the two rivers/phoenix/super-workshops) and China have created scale effects and high-end branding awareness for the global network, building long-term growth curves in recent years through the introduction of equity to the attraction, deployment of robotics/flight automobiles.
Four stages of company development: (1) 1986-2002 (asset-building period): manufacture of car seat springs for cutting into precision manufacturing areas, followed by motor vehicle shock absorbers, engine components, home-grown car companies such as the Chang An Wei vehicles, which were established in 1996
(b) 2003-2015 (traditional full-car break-out period): In 2003, a joint venture was launched with the East Wind and East Wind Industries, and Xiaoxiang launched the first microcar, Xiaoxik07, Xiaoqiang Gang was renamed Chongqing in 2007 and became “China Micro” in 2010.
Three Big Cars, side by side with the Great and Long Star of Mitsubishi, from “parts and components suppliers” to “traditional whole-car manufacturers” (3) 2016-2018 (new energy transition): A sharp capture of new energy policy opportunities in 2016, the creation of the Golden Constituency Energy and the creation of the sfmotors Research and Development Centre in Silicon Valley, USA, the acquisition of new energy vehicle manufacturing in 2017 and its construction in 2019.
Chongqing New Energy Smart Plant, focusing on three power systems and incremental technology development, completing the critical transition from “traditional fuel trucks” to “new energy transition readiness”; (4) 2019 to present (intellectual high-end outbreak period): signing a comprehensive cooperation agreement with Hua in 2019, 2021
Blank, accompanied by smart robots, flying car operations, opening up a "high-end smart car plus emerging track" double-growth equity structure: the corporate equity structure presents a dual feature of "family ownership is at the core, State co-financing is at its core" that maintains control stability and relies on State capital to strengthen industrial support; and the real control of Zhang Xinghai through Chongqing Small Consorts Limited.
Indirect holdings (24.5 per cent shareholding), Chongqingyan Motor Industries Ltd. (4.1 per cent shareholding), combined with two core platforms holding 28.6 per cent shareholding, forming a solid control barrier; at the same time, local seniors were involved, including Chongqing Industrial Investment Master Fund (3.3 per cent shareholding), Chongqing New District Industrial Development Group Ltd. (2.3 per cent shareholding) and Chongqing Qing Qing Qing Xinjiang Development Investment Group Ltd.
In addition, the East Wind Motors Group Limited (20.0% shareholding) provides manufacturing support as a long-term industrial partner, the Hong Kong Central Clearing House Limited (3.4% shareholding) and other individuals, professionals, as key strategic shareholders, not only to support the expansion of the company’s productive capacity and policy interface, but also to create synergies with family holdings.
In March 2025, the company also completed its 10% equity acquisition for China, further strengthening smart synergies, and the multi-dimensional shareholder structure fully reflects the market’s recognition of the company’s long-term value. Management team: Management achieves an efficient integration of family leadership and specialization, safeguarding strategic coherence and strength.
Professionalization of governance: Founder Zhang Xinghai, who has continued to lead the core strategy of working with China in depth and asking the world about high-end branding, based on more than 30 years of deep-farming experience in the automobile industry; and his son Jang-Ping, who is the “2 generation” representative, focuses on intelligent manufacturing and supply chain management, and his professional background support super-plant production optimization and cost control in auto engineering.
Vice-President Yoon-Sun has a history of upstream and downstream resource consolidation in the automobile industry for many years, and Wong has a great deal of experience in whole-car manufacturing management, and Conpo is good at market strategy planning, with three people working in it; the Chief Technology Officer, Zhou Lin, has been leading many core technology efforts, and the Chief Operations Officer, Ma Seng Chang, has developed mature management methods in the area of motor vehicle production operations, two of them.
Professional empowerment in the technical and operational fields, coupled with the company ' s introduction of a skilled management team with a cross-cutting background, both to strengthen family control over strategic directions and to enhance operational effectiveness through specialized governance, to underpin the company ' s long-term development.
In the case of automobiles, the company’s core products include the aito community series of high-end smart electric vehicles (m5/m7/m8/m9), the swiggly electric vehicle, the commercial car and the blue power smart electric vehicle, which uses the Chinese series for depth, and the high-levels.
Other operations include the development, marketing, full vehicle compatibility and multi-power adaptation (super-increment/pure power/ super-mixing) of the Cube technology platform, support for the 1,300+api unconsciousa upgrade, and significant technical barriers. Other types of business cover automobile finance, leasing.
Table 2: The company’s main products and profiles show a clear “transitional pain - breaking growth - deep profit” in the first half of the year 2019-2025.
During the year, the transition entered a critical period, with an increase in revenue but a continuing loss of net profit from the parent, mainly in the early stages of cooperation with China, with a return to total operating income of $14.518 billion, a significant increase of 305.0 per cent, and a reversal of the net profit from the parent, with a surplus of $5.95 billion, a sharp increase of 342.7 per cent, marking a marked success of the transition strategy, with economies of scale and technological premiums.
Euro, or 81.0% of the same increase, thanks to the sales contribution of the M8 market, the cost optimization of mega-scale production, and the modularization of the technology platform, which has significantly increased the quality of profits. By operation, automobiles are dominated and more concentrated, and traditional business is shrinking.
After a brief decline in the industry ' s transformation in 2020, the revenue grew significantly to $31.28 billion in 2022 with the launch of the Chinese-owned series of question-and-question vehicles, and to $138.94 billion in 2024, driven by explosive charges such as m7 and m9 and increased from 86.2 per cent in 2019 to 95.7 per cent in 2024, reflecting an increase in the percentage of revenue collected by businesses from 86.2 per cent in 2019.
The company’s strategic shift to new energy vehicles and its focus on core vehicles has been remarkable, and the scale effect continues to be released. Profitability has been reversed, with the combined Māori rate rising significantly to 26.2% in 2024, net interest rates moving to 3.3%, and ecological maturity.
The 2-car industry has continued to grow, new energy penetration has continued to rise, 2.1-car market sales have continued to grow, and high-end markets have continued to grow. Since 2020, vehicle sales have been subject to a sustained increase in the economic environment and overall policy implications
According to FMC data, 2719.1-22,894,000 vehicles were sold and zeroed in 2024, respectively, and the growth in the market for high-end new energy vehicles was far higher than the average industry average, and the market space was larger. The FMC data show that the market for high-end new energy vehicles is a key force for overall market expansion.
2.2 Intra-vehicle intelligence accelerates, intelligent driving becomes the key to high-end adas technology in the domestic car market accelerates and the penetration rate of adas rises at levels 1 and above. China’s penetration rate of adas rises from 44% in 2022 to 55% in 2024.
In comparison with 2022, when the penetration rate of level 1 adas decreased, the penetration rate of grade 2 and above continued to rise, reaching 48% in 2024, or 9 percentage points higher than in 2023, signalling the progressive development of intelligent assistive driving, which has become a key “value anchor” in the process of high-end carization.
Half-yearly, mid-end price ranges of 200,000 to 300,000 and over 500,000, with a penetration rate of 89 per cent and 88 per cent respectively, with smart configuration tied to high-end positioning; even 10 to 15 million public prices, its penetration rate of 122 and above jumped from 33 per cent in the first half of 24 to 59 per cent in the first half of 25 years, and intelligentization is becoming a driving force for the upgrading of vehicle-type values to higher end levels.
At the same time, the penetration rate of new energy by vehicle (nev) in the first half of 2025 was 67 per cent, far from 40 per cent of conventional fuel vehicles, the depth of new energy and intelligent driving, confirming that intelligent driving is a new energy high-end chemical nuclear “technology synergy plus product explosion plus ecological resonance” to build three moats.
3.1-F to build the foundation of deep enabling + self-research capabilities, double-lined barriers to competition 3.1.1 Electrodynamic technologies: incremental, self-controlled core components Focus on new energy-powered technology breakthroughs, with the augmentation system at its core, equipped with high integrated power-driven technology and built-up
Scenario power solutions. 1) In terms of incremental technology, the first generation of company accelerators achieved production in 2019, and the second generation of products was launched in 2020, resulting in a full-scale experience of pure electricity and a significant increase in the ability to save electricity; the third generation accelerators focused on oil conversion efficiency and achieved 3.2kwh/l.
Establishment of new industry poles; breakthroughs in Nvh performance in the fourth generation of products that can achieve "insensitive power generation" in multiple scenarios. This was followed by a succession of companies to a super-promotion 5.0 system based on "c2e) growth architecture" and "roborex smart control technology" with three core advantages: silence, high integration, efficiency, and a 15% reduction in combined fuel consumption and noise.
Perceptive reduction of 90%, oil conversion efficiency of 3.6kwh/l, continuous power generation of 100kw, maximum heat efficiency of the mass motor of 44.8%, and transfer of the accelerator from passive to active to intelligent active energy management. In addition, the super-enhanced 5.0 system has been certified by the central authority of the medium gas, and technical indicators are at the forefront of the industry.
2) With regard to power-driven technology, the autonomous development of high-integrated power-drilled seven-in-one components of the Kim Conkang power system has resulted in a 30 per cent reduction in volume, a 15 per cent reduction in weight and an increase in overall efficiency to 95 per cent through the integrated design of core components such as electrical controls, machines and slow-downs, which not only optimizes the entire vehicle space layout, but also reduces energy consumption levels, and has been widely applied to the primary vehicle types of m7, m9.
3.1.2 Intelligent technology: To introduce Chinese capability, to take advantage of the high-end intelligent driving track The collaboration between the company and Hua upgrades from technology supply to ecological synergy, to bring China into full use of smart driving, smart cabin technology, and to achieve the rapid landing of “soft-defined cars”.
Intelligent driving: The whole system is a dry-dryads high-level intellectual driving system, from 2.0 to 3.0 versions, which supports a full-scale view of uncharted areas, nca, high-speed pilotage, automatic parking, etc. For example, m9 in the question field, with four laser radars and more than 30 perceptive components, with a high rating of smart cars and two-time parking at the Central Gas Center, with 99.5 per cent coverage of the country’s available sections.
In 2025, with the advent of equity, synergies between the two sides in fields such as algorithmic overlaps, data training, etc., have deepened, and technological leadership has continued to consolidate. Smart cabins: the harmonyos smart cabin, with the harmonyos system overtaken to version 4.0.
Core functions focus on three dimensions: one is landscape eco-collaborative, full-scale use of mobile phones via Super Desktop 2.0, three-finger screens in 0.8 seconds for navigation, audio trans-equipment, combined smart homes to build a "car-home-end-less" loop, and the other is a hyper-intelligence interface, supported by a "light-art" voice assistant with a hyper-aware model.
As low as 0.3 seconds, 87.6% of the cabin operations were completed, and the number of Carton complaints fell by 85% on average from the industry; three were intelligent, deep-connected, ar-hud combined navigation alerts with laser radar perception data, triggering seat vibrations, volume adjustments, and other safety alerts in case of an emergency, with a response rate of only 200 milliseconds.
Share: The high-end vehicle market was 45 per cent in 2025. 3.2 Product matrix: single brand precision cards, continuous succession of blasted cars, 10,000-dollar full-covered product layouts, blast-driven features.
3.2.1aito asks: High-end market core grab, boom boom, group core brand, aito asks to define the high-end smart electric car market, to create a series of blasts through precision positioning + rapid rotation, with 389,000 vehicles sold in 2024.
Smart suv, covering a price band of $230,000-$250,000, provides an incremental/pure power double-power option, plus a 4d mm balley with a comfort brake function in 2025, and continuously consolidates the market share of young families.
In the high-end flagship market, the m8 series fills a price gap of $3.645 million, carries air overboard and the ads 3.0 system, and only 34 days after it was listed in April 2025, only 80,000 vehicles are scheduled to break through, and 20,000 are sold monthly.
The combined 500,000 and more suv sales champions, with more than 50 per cent increase in the share of the user ' s luxury brands, boosted the brand ' s high-end perception. Figure 20: Cyrus cars as a share of total new energy car sales. 3.2.2 Blue Power brands: Focus on mainstream markets, complementary value-for-money matrix
Blue brands are targeting the mainstream new energy market, covering the public consumption community with high-value products, and creating synergies with the aito question line. The core model blues, with pro-people prices and practical configurations, focuses on the 150,000-200,000 dollar household telecommuting market, using differential positioning to capture the share of fuel vehicle replacements and provide companies with a stable sales base plate.
The Division invested $180 million in the new Chongqing Blue Motors Technology Ltd., which is its largest shareholder, strengthening the layout in the area of smart electric cars, while creating a high-end market layout with the brands of the world of inquiry to break through + popular penetration. 3.3 Eco-collaborative synergies: supply chain plus channel dual-dimensional energy to build resilience to growth.
3.3.1 Supply chain: Combining home-grown + cooperative, cost- and efficiency The company constructs a supply chain system of autonomous production + strategic cooperation in the core components area, which guarantees both technological control and a superior cost structure. In autonomous production, the company achieves cost reductions through self-production, including new energy transmissions for large transformers.
For strategic cooperation, long-term supply agreements have been established with leading battery companies, such as the Ninder era, to create a new model of industrial chain cooperation, the “Medium Plant” model, to guarantee the stability of battery supply; and, for supply chain systems, to prioritize key components such as intelligent sensors, chips, etc., to effectively avoid the risks of industrial supply chain volatility.
High-end battery-packed line, for the localization of power cell systems in the series of vehicles. After delivery, battery production is “production and loading” and the intermediates of packaging, transportation, warehousing, etc. are avoided, and supply chain response speeds are raised to the 20-minute level (traditional mode 3.3.2 channels and services: Hong Mengji channels enable and deliver experience upgrades).
By the first half of 2025, the end-covering capability had been continuously enhanced by building a three-pronged network of marketing services for the “Experience Centre + Delivery Centre + Protection Centre”. By the first half of the year, the under-brand network covered more than 95% of the country's local municipalities, with the first line of cities dominated by the Direct Experience Centre and the third four-line model of cooperative marketing and marketing.
The balance between "high-end experience + broad-covering." Together with the creation of an exclusive delivery team and a 24-hour warranty service, the user delivery cycle was shortened to less than seven days, with 96% of post-sale satisfaction, which strongly supported the end-use of the car type and the build-up of brand names.
(b) Assuming that: the company's other main operations and other operations include, for example, the production of accelerators, and that they are carried out around the whole of the vehicle and are expected to work with the company.
We have chosen three car companies as comparable companies, with a value of 22.22 times that of a comparable company for 25 years. Considering that the company’s brands, m9 and m8, have established their feet at the high end, and have gradually been explored, the product matrix has been enriched to drive rapid growth, while the global layout is about to start, and market access in the Middle East has fallen and is expected to increase profitability in the long term.
The advantages of corporate intelligence are significant, and future human robotic operations may open up the horizon. For 25 years, 31 times more, table 7: Compared corporate valuation of the risk of increased competition in the industry; the risk of changing market demand; the risk of new vehicle sales falling short of expectations; and the international economy and politics.
Addressing the risks of changing situations: supply chain risks; industry policy risks; and related strategic changes, etc. There has been no, no, and no direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report.