The company was founded in 1986 with a car seat.
The spring production began over 30 years ago, with a transformation from a spare parts supplier to a car manufacturer to a high-end new energy company. Strategic collaboration with China in 2019 was a key turning point in its development.
The scale effect and the technology premium drive high-quality growth.
In the first half of 2025, the profitability of companies continued to deepen, with the reverse trend in the return of the parent ' s net profits increasing by between $81.0 per cent and $2.94 billion in the case of a small 4.06 per cent decline in business income over the same period. This was mainly due to the production costs of new models such as m8 and the scalding of super-plant production lines.
S034014020014 drops, and the modular reuse effect of smart technology platforms. m8 and m9 become sales growth engines. Ask world brands have become the company’s core sales and profits.
Drivers. In the third quarter of 2025, company brand sales of new energy were as high as 81.08 per cent, and the Question World Series was the absolute main force. In the first half of 2025, the cumulative sales of m9 were over 60,000, with major data on 30 October 2025.
To become a major suv-market champion; to ask community m8 has risen rapidly since it was marketed in April 2025, and seven to nine months of sales have been counter-m9. Together, both contribute more than 70 per cent to the brand sales structure, driving companies to significantly increase their average sales prices and successfully transform their brands into high-end.
“a+h” two-platform financing helps open overseas markets. The company's plan to board the main board of the port at Roe (ttm) on November 5, 2025 is expected to be the largest car company in Hong Kong this year.
In December, the highest prices (in dollars), expanding overseas markets, improving the ecology of charging services, and replenishing operating funds. High-end products drive up the global market’s Māori ratio.
In every country and region, a total of 550,000 cars have been exported. The strategy is clearly superior, with high-end smart suv questions series (e.g., m9) being used to match the demand for medium-sized suv and smart configurations in European, Middle Eastern and other markets.
The stability of the Māori rate above domestic levels augurs well for the prospect that the success of high-end products in the sea will lead to a return of the overall Māori ratio of the public administration. The penetration rate is not as high as expected, overseas tariffs and market policy risks.
The company was established before 2019. The company began to develop its vehicle parts and components from the company to the manufacturer of the new energy components.
In 1986, the springs of the car seats were used to start production, cut into sophisticated manufacturing areas, gradually expanded to such operations as motorcycle shock absorbers and engine parts, and provided support services to indigenous car companies such as Chang An. In 1996, the company established Chongqing Long Seismometers Limited, which has since created a stable supply capacity for spare parts.
Breakthrough, with a joint venture with East Wind and East Wind Industries, to transform from a spare parts supplier to a full-scale car factory, and to complete the upgrading strategy from a “part parts supplier” to a “car-wide manufacturer” year after year; and the company 's forward-looking new energy industry in 2016, which established the Kim Conan new energy source in the same year and installed it in Silicon Valley in the United States.
The Sfmotor Research and Development Centre, which built the global technology system, successfully brought companies to the market in the same year. In 2017, a new energy vehicle was built, a new energy intelligence plant was built in Chongqing in 2019, creating an autonomous research and development capability for whole-car manufacturing, three-power systems and incremental technologies, and the transition from a “traditional fuel truck” to a “new energy vehicle” was completed.
1.22019 The company started hugging China into a high-end intelligent eruption, and in 2019 Frys and Hua entered into a comprehensive strategic partnership to achieve an intelligent high-end outbreak.
At the same time, China is proposing a smart-car solution strategy for “no cars, no cars, no cars, no cars.” In 2019, two companies began initial collaboration on smart-networking, power-driven, and motor systems.
The year 2021 was a crucial turning point in the partnership between China and Fulbright, where the representative products of the partnership included: m5, first-time launch of the Hong Kong Smart Section.
Question area 7: Large suv in positioning, mostly for comfort and space. During this period, the core of cooperation between the two sides was in Yuhua to provide the Hong Meng module, the ads smart driving system, the electric power drive system, which is responsible for marketing the network, and Cyrus for the development, manufacture and quality control of the car.
After 2023, the two sides deepened their cooperation in various ways. The question world m9 released at the end of 2023 became a collaborative effort: the first time a high-level autopilot system was mounted on ads; it was equipped with a 4-star smart cabin, a laser mine, a 800-v high-pressure platform; the whole car was made by Cyrus, and the whole set of smartness was defined and modified by China.m9.
In 2024, they sold 20,000 vehicles in September, becoming China's top-end new energy sub-market and still standing today on the high-end new energy sub-market list. After entering 2024, the race entered the European market under the name “seres9” and officially opened the global landscape. In 2025, they went to the market.
The price gap between m7 and m9 and the price of smart technology to re-engineer the suv model. In addition, both sides have deepened their capital cooperation, and on 29 September 2025 Cyrus completed the full payment of 11.5 billion dollars to China to win 10% of the equity, signalling a two-way tie to business plus capital.
1.3 The whole car business is at the heart of the company, and the problem is that it's going up.
In the area of passenger vehicles, the company currently owns the East Wind - $150,000, covering the suv and mpv models, the company's first vehicle brand, dominated by a fuel truck, which assumes the company's basic role in the public market; (2) the blue brand focuses on the low-end new energy-car market (10-50 thousand dollars).
In the case of Suv, which represents the company’s own new energy product sequence, and takes into account market penetration and cost control; (3) ask the world brand to position the market for high-end new energy vehicles ($200,000-$600,000), which is a smart car brand built in conjunction with China’s smart selection model.
In the area of commercial vehicles, the company's layouts are two major brands: (a) the low- and medium-end market for small-scale positioning (0-15 million dollars), which includes microscopics, microscopics and pick-up trucks, dominated by fuel trucks, and the company's earliest.
The company’s medium-term report for 2025 showed that Cyrus had earned $5.9108 billion, or 94.72 per cent of the total; car parts and components.
The company is accelerating its strategic transition from a traditional fuel truck to a new energy vehicle, asking for brand names to become the company’s core sales and profit drivers. Since the brand was officially launched at the end of 2021, the company’s sales of new energy vehicles have been proportional.
Monthly sales announcements show that, as of September 2025, the company had a cumulative total of 34.07 million vehicles, of which 2,762,000, or 81.08 per cent, were sold under the new Seyssian energy brand. The series of cars in question, with the power of China, has become the absolute backbone of corporate growth and has led to an overall brand image in the middle-to-high-end market.
The company’s new energy product matrix will be further refined and its market share will continue to rise as the series of questions continues to be marketed, and as new-style ones, such as m6, are launched. In the future, the continued use of the brand is expected to boost Cyrus’ dual optimization of the marketing structure and profitability and consolidate its leadership in China’s high-end new energy suv market.
From 2019 to the first half of 2025, the business performance of the Cyrus Group clearly reflected its “strength-break-deep-deep” in the transition to new energy sources. From 2019 to 2021, the Department of Public Administration continued to focus on traditional whole-car and spare parts operations, and the new energy business was still in its infancy.
In the period 2022-2023, the company entered a breakthrough, and the firm’s in-depth collaboration with China began to show strategic importance, asking for a series of cars.
Companies continue to increase their R & D and production system inputs to lay the foundation for subsequent high-end product release. In 2024, they became performance cut-off points, with high-end car heat of m7, m9 and so on.
Sales, company revenues and profits are rising simultaneously. Total operating income for the year was about $14.5 billion, an increase of 305 per cent over the year, and net profit for the parent was $5.95 billion, an increase of 342.7 per cent over the year.
Technology empowerment together drives the optimization of profit structures, which marks the formal entry of Cyrus into the “high-quality growth phase.” In 2025, the company achieved a business income of $6,240 billion, a small decline of 4.06 per cent over the same period, but the return net profit was $2.94 billion, an increase of 81.0 per cent over the same period, demonstrating strong profitability.
The volume contribution of new models such as m8, lower manufacturing costs due to the scale of super-plant production lines, and the modularization of smart technology platforms have all significantly improved the quality of profits. Companies have grown from “challenges in transition” to “profit-driven highs”.
In 2024, the company was a hot market in the series and a central driver of growth in corporate profits. It was based on strong product competitiveness and stability.
With respect to R & D, companies have always maintained high levels of investment to support long-term competitiveness. Between 2019 and the first half of 2025, the innovation of electric platforms, electronics structures, and core components has continued to drive technological upgrading and product rotation, and has been a corporate enterprise.
Building a solid moat of “technology leadership, product high-end” . 2 companies continue to follow high-end routes, expanding their out-of-seabed prospects for a sustained increase in company performance, 2.1 by-car market sales, and high-end markets continue to use high-end, high-end, high-end companies' high-end systems.
On the one hand, timely and effective policies support the stabilization of market fundamentals. At the central and local levels, a series of policies to promote automobile consumption has been intense, including the extension of subsidies for the purchase of new energy vehicles and tax exemptions for vehicle purchases.
These policies directly reduce the cost of car purchases by consumers, effectively release market demand, and lay the foundation for market recovery. In 2025, policies such as the “old-for-new” have been further scaled up and continued to re-energize the market.
In the dual role of policy support and market driven, new-energy automobile sales have grown significantly and have been innovative since the second half of 2020. Monthly penetration of new-energy cars into 2025 has continued to exceed 50%, becoming the dominant option in the market.
In the first three quarters, sales in the narrow range of vehicles were 208.07 million and retail sales in the narrow range of vehicles were 1699.8, an increase of 12.87 per cent and 9.16 per cent, respectively, respectively. Of these, sales of new energy vehicles exceeded 11 million, while sales penetration of new energy vehicles increased further in the previous three quarters, providing a strong driver of growth in the industry as a whole.
By car, the suv growth rate is much higher than the average industry and the market space. The core advantage of suv is a combination of space, passivity, driving experience and image. Suv is high, solid, and able to adapt to more road conditions by being superior to cars, with a certain ability to cross the country.
In-board space cubes are used in high numbers, providing a wider vision and storage capability, balancing household and travel needs; suv looks more dynamic, driving more uptight, and controlling more closely to sedan cars, with comfort and pleasure. Moreover, suv models are more popular with safety and brand image, becoming home-based cars, city trips, and leisure trips.
From the beginning of 2025 to August, the figures for the sale of cars, mpv, suv and 729.60 vehicles, respectively, were 9.08%, 5.10% and 10.64%, respectively. Both the figures for the first August of this year and the data for the last three years, the same rates of increase for the suv show gradual increases.
Combined with the multifunctionality of suv compared to cars and mpv, we expect the future suv market to continue to expand, and with the maturity of the car market and the diversification of consumer demand, high-end markets have become a new point of growth for many Chinese automobile companies. China’s automobile brand, based on its leadership in the new energy and intelligence sectors, meets the needs of consumers for quality.
The pursuit of technology and individualization has broken the traditional luxury brands’ share of high-end markets, which remain the largest alternative to China’s new energy brand. According to the Cui Dongsooki public, the ratio of c-cars (high-end luxury models) to domestic sales has gradually increased, with the ratio of c-cars to all cars used since 2022.
The number of cases has gradually risen from 4.8% to 7.0%. A breakdown shows that new energy models have gradually replaced traditional models at this level. In 2022, traditional cars accounted for 82.2% of class C vehicles and 17.8% of new energy vehicles; as of September this year, new energy sales in class C vehicles in 2025 were for the first time more than 50%, and the elimination of traditional models was mainstreamed, for example.
With other levels of vehicle-type data, new energy vehicles still have much room for traditional models in class C vehicles. Bba has accumulated a lot of technology in the traditional fuel-car era, such as power and other mechanical qualities, and consumers are more favored by their long-term branding and luxury.
The rise and large lead in power technology have weakened the power-driven advantage of traditional luxury cars, and the leading role of Chinese automobile companies in smart cabins, smart driving, etc., has fully met the demands of consumers in the new era for the intelligence, safety, luxury, etc. that they need for luxury.
In recent years, the brand has rapidly upgraded its strategy from the middle-end new energy suv to the high-end smart market, based on the Tortow-based smart technology system. Of these, the question worlds m8 and m9 are a central concentration of brand technology strength and high-end positioning.
Half-yearly, M9 aggregate sales outpaced 60,000 and became the champion of large suv sales; since its launch, m8 has been at the top of the top of the middle-sized smart suv sales, leading to a significant increase in average brand sales. In the overall marketing structure of the community, M8 and m9 combined contribute more than 70%, showing initial success in high-end branding transformations. m8 and m9 are not just single-car models.
Merit, more than the maturity of the two-driven model of "Wo is smart + smart ecology." By combining high-level intellectual driving, smart cabins and brand design depth, the world of inquiry has seen a leap from "Wah for enabling car" to "Wah for intelligent luxury suv."
Quakers m8 and m9 are representatives of the high-end transformation of brands, focusing on China’s core technological power in the field of smart driving, cabin systems and whole-of-car control. Quakers m8 positioning large intelligent luxury suv with a length of 5190 mm, axle range of 3105mm, with 1.5t incremental power systems, with a combined power of about 392kw (approximately 526 horsepower).
Zero-hundred-a-half seconds, with a battery capacity of 36 kwh and 52kwh, with a total of 310 km, with a combined range of more than 1,500 km. m8 is long with comfort and space, supporting five and six layouts, high-end suv.
In two power-driven versions, the pure electrical version is equipped with 100 kwh of lithium batteries, and cltc continues on about 630 km; the incremental version continues on about 290km, with a combined extension of 1474km. Both car types are marked with a four-drive system and a Chinese ads 2.0 intelligent driving system, with a harmonyos 4 smart module that supports multi-model voice interaction, home interconnection and immersion.
The sound experience, some of which is equipped with a dry-crystal computing platform (mdc810), provides a national scale without a high level of wisdom. Overall, m8 and m9 are at the same level of leadership in power performance, intelligence levels, and luxury comfort, forming the technological building blocks of a high-end product matrix.
On the one hand, the traditional competitiveness of the bba depends on its mechanical performance and brand premium for a long time, but it lags behind in the experience of intelligent driving, electric motorization and motors; on the other hand, the question is based on China.
For technological ecological maintenance, the lead in achieving a full lead from hardware stacks to software ecology is taken. The ads 2.0 system has an i2+ level without intellectual driving capability that allows for auto-transformations, barriers and parking on urban and urban fast roads, and the harmonyos intelligence module re-defined the digitalization experience of luxury cars by interacting with real-time voice over terminal connections.
In addition, the high-end path of the frontier is consistent with China's market demand: its product price range is between 300,000 and 500,000 yuan, covering high-end households and new Chinese products.
User groups – this consumer class prefers brand identity to technology and innovation rather than non-traditional luxury symbols. More importantly, the question community relies on a network of channels and after-sales, with a well-developed system of remote upgrades and feedback of user data, creating a continuously evolving eco-closing circle. The question community completes the process from "Word for Enabling Vehicle" through m8 and m9.
In particular, in the first half of 2025, border m9 completed the final sales of 61,545 vehicles and m8 completed the final sales of 34837 vehicles, due to the fact that border m8 was only opened in April of this year; and 7,
Not only were the sales of the M8 in September far ahead of other branded models, but the sales of the M9 in the same brand were also completed in contrast to the sales of the 10,000-800,000 different suv models, with the m8 and m9 ranked in the top position. In conjunction with the above, the m8 and m9 have the potential to replace the traditional bba in the high-end suv market, followed by the bba.
There is still considerable scope for the elimination of car types, which has led to a further increase in sales. Figure 21: sales of different suv types of suv vehicles (vehicles) in areas between 450,000 and 800,000 in 2025
2.2 The company plans to place its shares on the market and ask for questions about the global market development of the border series on 31st of November, which is scheduled to be officially listed as “9927” on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 5th of November, and will be listed as a new energy company on both sides of the "a+h" market.
The shares, of which Hong Kong has publicly offered 10.2 million shares h, and the international share of about 9.18 million shares (the above can be redistributed, assuming that the sales volume adjustment and the excess distribution rights have not been exercised, are expected to raise a net amount of HK$ 12,924.9 million. If successful, Frys will break the record created recently by Chirí and become the largest car company in Hong Kong this year.
The central purpose of the company's listing in Hong Kong is to support its high-end new energy strategy and the global layout. According to the company's listing instructions, the company's raising funds is in four main directions: first, to increase investment in research and development, and to strengthen core technologies such as intelligent driving, smart cabins, and three power systems, accounting for about 70% of the total, to consolidate the interlocking system.
Technical barriers listed in the high-end new energy vehicle market; second, expansion of overseas market layout, including the development of marketing and service networks in key regions such as South-East Asia, Europe and the Middle East, and enhancement of brand internationalization; third, improvement of the charging and service eco-system, investment in power replacement facilities and user service systems, and enhancement of user stickyness and experience; and fourth, replenishment of operating funds and experience
Optimizing the capital structure for liquidity replenishment, expansion of productive capacity, and partial debt servicing. Overall, Cyrus, through the Port Equity Fund, aims to promote a three-pronged development path of “Technology Plus Global”, both to deepen the competitiveness of the domestic smart electric vehicle market and to expand its reserves and capacities abroad, reflecting its shift from manufacturing enterprises to global technology brands.
It's a strategic commitment.
Global sales and the exercise or non-existence of excess equity rights are determined by the registration of the People's Republic of China.
: 10,020,000 shares h (which can be redistributed and depending on whether or not the distribution rights are exercised or not) Depending on the distribution rights and excess allocation
Hong Kong joint transaction fee of 0.00565% (subject to full and refundable in Hong Kong dollars at the time of application)
Face value: 1.00 yuan per share of h RMB Co-defendant, overall coordinator, co-consecutor, co-director and co-chairman
As early as 2020, the company began intensive internationalization, and by the end of 2022 its overseas distribution network covered more than 70 countries and territories.
In 2023, the company’s outreach and market performance accelerated significantly: early in the year, the first Séres5 opened in Brussels, Belgium, and concluded a contract with more than 20 foreign partners for the current period.
Over 20,000; followed by a series of delivery and experience activities, including the “Great European Tour” and successive deliveries and demonstrations in several countries, including Norway, Germany, Italy, and Spain, marking a transition from “Exposition Exposure” to “Master Delivery.” Data show that the number of cagrs operating abroad between 2020 and 2023 was 61.4%, and the company’s further system in 2024.
Making the pace go overseas: The “Overseas Business Congress” held in March attracted representatives of more than 300 dealers from 62 countries/regions, where companies identified the overseas product lines and expansion goals centred on seres and aito, and proposed phased export targets (e.g. 50,000 to be exported abroad in 2024, with significant amounts to be released over the next three years).
The company's business activity abroad is frequent, but subject to a significant expansion of domestic revenues, which accounted for only 2.9 per cent in 2024, indicating that overseas operations are still at the “scaled certification” stage and that there has been a significant increase in the size of the company as a whole.
The main brand question is to define a smart, high-end suv that uses its technology and brand advantages in international markets, especially in regions such as the Middle East and ASEAN, where there is a greater demand for medium-sized suv, smart configurations, and gcc countries have a strong demand for suv, which is the advantage of Foresi. The main sales of Flys are now concentrated in Europe and the gcc market.
Good, but the overall export volume is still less than 10%, well below the 20-30% of China’s leading car company, and there is much room for future upgrading. In the European market, companies have entered Norway, Germany, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, etc., and started to compete in the main left rudder market.
According to data, a company’s strategy of going out to the sea, if implemented successfully, could help raise the company’s Māori ratio. In terms of Māori rates, the Māori rate of sales abroad was significantly higher than the Māori rate of domestic sales between 2020 and 2023.
The Māori ratio of companies abroad was stable above domestic levels before the launch of the M9. And after the introduction of M9 high-end products in the country, the domestic Māori sales jumped above foreign markets to 25.78 per cent. On the one hand, this illustrates the successful transition of the public administration to high-end products, with high value added leading to a significant increase in Māori levels, and on the other hand, it portends a significant increase in Māori levels.
If the company's high-end product were to go to sea, it would be very likely to continue to raise the company's Māori ratio to one step. The impressive performance of the Paris Car Fair in June 2025, when M.M. was asked, generated 13,000 orders in just one minute on the first day of the show. This data not only refreshed the record of Chinese high-end overseas sales, but was also launched in the global luxury car market.
As companies market their shares in ports to attract more international investors and buyers, we expect more attention to follow-on corporate products worldwide. As a key representative of China’s high-end smart new energy vehicles, the company has entered the “brand break-up and profit-flung” stage.
The company has established a leading position in the high-end new energy suv market, thanks to a technological system with deep Chinese synergy, intelligent advantage and multi-level product matrix (m5/m7/m8/m9). The series of cars in the community achieved a rapid increase in sales in 2024, leading to a rise in corporate revenue to $14.580 billion in the same year, with a net profit loss of $14.5 billion in the first half of 2025.
Annual profits continue to rise dramatically, reflecting the initial realization of corporate intelligence and high-end strategies. At the same time, Hong Kong’s shares are on the market for companies to push for overseas market layout, asking if brand names already cover Europe, the Middle East, South America, and South-East Asia, among others, and are expected to be one of China’s high-end new energy brands in 2025.
On balance, Cyrus has a three-fold growth logic of "smart leadership + high-end brand rise + internationalized expansion." Short-term performance growth benefits mainly from the optimization of new vehicle-types and cost structures in the world of inquiry; and medium- and long-term technological accumulation, deeper channels, and more space for overseas expansion.
(1) Increased risk of market competition: Increased market competition may result in preferential measures such as price reduction, leading to a decline in the profits of bicycles, thereby affecting the profitability of companies; (2) policy does not advance as much as anticipated risk: “old for new” and smart driving policies support new developments in the automobile industry
(c) An increase in dynamic energy, which may affect the growth of the automobile industry if future policies do not advance as expected;
(4) Overseas tariffs and market policy risks: changes in customs and market policies in overseas areas may affect the process of public access to the sea and consequently the performance of companies. Note: “Market index” for this rating system, a share reference point is 300 indexes; the new three-board reference point is three-fold.
The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle and low risk”, a study with a “stable” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium risk”, a study with a “positive” investor only for a risk level not higher than “medium and high risk”, a study with a “radical” investor who is fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, who has the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investment, and is known independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is presented within the context of the circumstances. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it.