In the Jiangxi copper industry (600362), a semi-annual evaluation was made: high copper prices, strong company performance review: 1) corporate operating income of $98,286 million in the first half of the year, an increase of 8.96 per cent over the same period; belonging to
The copper poles, 43.22 million tons, an increase of 18.21%, and the self-produced copper concentrates, 10.47 million tons, were excellent in completing half of the Department ' s 20.890 million copper production plan for 2017. The copper reserves were large and the smelting chain performed excellently. The company now owns the largest German copper mine in the country.
(b) The cathode copper production capacity exceeds 1.2 million tonnes/year, of which the Precious Creek smelter is the largest copper smelter in the world; the company is the country's largest producer of copper processing, processing more than 900,000 tons of copper per year;
In November 2016, the company and Freeport McMurran agreed to reduce by 5 per cent the refining cost of copper concentrate processing (tc/rc) in 2017 by $92.50/tonne, and by 9.25 cents/lb, and the size of the company ' s refining and the lower cost of refining, with the company ' s refining plate expected to be in the second half of 2017.
Copper prices are expected to run well. The global economy recovered well in the first half of the year, and the United States and European economies performed well, with domestic gdp reaching 6.9% in two consecutive quarters, surpassing market expectations.
The increase in interest rates and the shrinkage process, but the dollar continues to weaken and a $1 trillion capital investment in Trump is expected to push, and the price of lme copper in dollar terms continues to rise at a spot price of $5,959 per ton on 30 June 2017, an increase of about 23 per cent. Copper is still in the upswing zone, plus domestic copper.
It is expected that copper prices will remain high in the second half of the year, and that the incremental impact will be phased out from self-financing. From last February, plans were made to raise $3.5 billion in undisclosed shares in a share and $4.15 billion in h shares, or the equivalent.
The company closed the distribution plan on 8 July. The equity fund raised by the company was used mainly to supplement liquidity.
Risk factors: a general decline in copper prices; less than expected construction in Central America; depreciation of the dollar; and exchange rate fluctuations among the population. The huge US capital investment has driven copper consumption, slowing the global copper supply, and the company’s own industry leader, and we give companies a rating.