Long-range electrical technology (600584.sh) Electronic integrated circuit ii in the same period of one-season harvest, accelerating the upgrading of the advanced encapsulation industry and
In the first three quarters, companies have been active in responding to changes in international environmental and market demand, continuously optimizing product structures and facilitating technological transformation. The rise in domestic and external hotspot applications has led to an increase in corporate revenues as a whole, including electronics, industry, and medicine.
The impact of international commodity price volatility, with some raw-material costs still placing considerable pressure on the Māori rate, adding up to new ones. The plant is still in the process of importing products and climbing production capacity, with no large-scale production revenues, and financial costs rising, affecting some profit performance in the short term.
In the third quarter, there was a 80.6 per cent increase in the ring, with a total profit of 610 million yuan, a 29.3 per cent increase in the previous three quarters, which accelerated the upgrading of the advanced seal industry and capacity-building, with breakthroughs in key technological areas.
Long-power technology has accelerated the pace of advanced containment upgrades and capacity-building, promoted cutting-edge technological innovation and applications, and increased globalization and localization of diversified clients. In the first to third quarters, corporate capacity utilization has continued to rise, with crystal-circle envelopes, powerware envelopes, and power-management chip envelopes nearing full production.
As demand recovers and capacity utilization increases, companies will further optimize their product structure, giving priority to ensuring productive distribution of high Maori products and increasing profitability. Long-power technology continues to explore and innovate state-of-the-art containment technologies.
In the first three quarters of 2025, R&D costs increased by 24.7 to 1.54 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis and achieved new business development bright spots in key technical areas such as photovoltaic envelopes (cpo), glass base panels, large-sized fcbga envelopes, high-density system-level envelopes (sip) (1) cloud computing, 5g communications network, data centres: companies have super-large industry leaders
Long-range electric technology: 25h1 camp has a new height over the same period, continuously adding the size of fcbga product engineering and mass production capability, its Xdfoi core particle high density multi-dimensional isomer integration series process, and advanced encapsulation input - Joaquin securities-electronic-long electrical technology
Stable mass production (2) Semiconductor storage: the company has 32 layers of flash storage stacks, 25m ultra thin chip production capability, high density 3d envelopes and control chip self-testing; the sub-vessel semiconductor is the pioneer of self-motivated storage seal testing production processes. (3) Smart terminal radio frequency applications: the company's depth layout is very dense dsmbga and 3dsip.
The cavity shield and aip encapsulation allow integration towards apu (application processorunit). (4) Power and energy applications: the company continuously upgrades third generation semiconductor power devices and module technology and production capabilities, and technological innovation and volume of encapsulation of the 2.5d vertical vcore power module based on the sip encapsulation technology. (5)
Motors and electronics: The company should increase its investment in key areas such as auto power modules, mcu, sensors, and optimize the encapsulation by 45.0/35.7/29.4 times. Given the long power technology roll-out of the XdfoiTM full series of products, the Chiplet high-density multi-dimensional isomer integration series has entered the stable production stage as planned, future numeracy/sustainability/car etc.
Market demand for advanced envelopes has continued to grow, with the consolidation of industrial resources, such as distilled semiconductor/climbing, gaining advantages or highlighting, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.