Development driven by advanced encapsulation and storage Investment rating: increase (maintain) business income of $28,669 million in the first three quarters, 14.78 per cent increase in the same year, net return to the mother
The ring grew by 8.56 per cent, the single quarter net profit was 483 million yuan, an increase of 5.66 per cent over the same period.
The increase in revenues from electronics, industrial and medical electronics, automobile electronics, 69.5 per cent, 40.7 per cent and 31.3 per cent, respectively, was accompanied by the impact of fluctuations in international commodity prices, with some raw material costs still placing greater pressure on the Maori rate and the addition of new plants still in production.
In the short term, some of the profit performance is affected by the lack of large-scale production revenues during the import and productivity climb periods, coupled with rising financial costs. As companies further reduce their efficiency measures in the future, they increase their productivity utilization, focusing on high Maori, high-value-added sealed products, and profitability.
In addition to the company's ongoing investment in advanced containment, the storage of the relevant containment technology is also industry-led, covering a variety of storage chip products, such as dram and flash, with more than 20 years of storage and volume production experience. The bulk of the disk semiconductor acquired by the company in 2024 is the largest worldwide.
The stock storage storage testing plant, one of the two main back-seal testing bases within the parent selling company, Sandisk (Mondy), before the acquisition, was mainly involved in the containment of advanced flash storage products, which were widely used in a wide range of areas. After the merger, the company held 80/20 shares, respectively.
The joint venture was formed and a closer strategic partnership was established with the client, and the flashy and associated parties will continue to be the main or sole customers of the semiconductor of the platinum during the agreed period.
The atmosphere is less than expected, production expansion is less than expected, market competition is increasing, technology development is less 2. Gather high-performance seals to speed up computing electronics, and the expected geopolitical impacts are higher than expected.
3. Quarter-long revenue history, with a focus on high performance, financing management, and the Investment Department of the Time Fund, among others, with eight years of buyer experience, research experience and a buyer-soldier perspective.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.