Circular Express (600233.sh): Profit short-term pressure to optimize services to enhance long-term competitiveness
Roughly $4.012 billion, an increase of 7.78 per cent. In 25 years, companies collected $17.6 billion in the first quarter of the year, increasing the volume of integrated international supply chains, such as finance, commerce, etc.
Market share has increased slightly, and business growth has been robust: 24 years of companies achieving 26,574 million couriers, together with listed companies, with more than 5100 branches, more than 80,000 service points and terminal outlets, and a variety of centres
The network of services has been achieved in 133 municipalities with more than 450,000 employees, and the total number of municipalities in 31 provinces (districts, municipalities) and above is almost equal to 24 years q1. Overall, the volume of company operations has grown steadily, with a steady increase in the market share.
In the face of increasing industry price competition, firms actively improve the quality of their services. Twenty-four years of firm speed, which is 1.34% longer than the same period last year: the rate of loss of speed, which is 47% higher than the rate of loss, is the same rate as that of false signatures.
Nearly 28 per cent of the decline; the same rate of re-entry in passenger service has fallen by almost 42 per cent and the quality of services has continued to improve. Relying on the quality of excellence, 24 years of company high-value splits and reverse logistics speeds have seen an increase of more than 70 per cent in the same ratio, partly compromising the negative impact of industry price competition on single-ticket income.
The dollar fell to $2.09 over 24 years, a 4.04 per cent decline over the same period, with a 9.41 per cent decrease in the cost of transport of single tickets for core costs and a 5.41 per cent decrease in the cost of operating single-ticket centres over the same period, which is the main reason for the decrease in the cost of single tickets.
We believe that a more abundant distribution fee would help to maintain the stability of the federated system, and that, as the price wars continue, more stable couriers of the federated system will gradually gain advantage in competition. Conservative profit estimates, mainly because of the high price intensity, but we value the company’s long-term competitiveness.
If the price war eases, the company will be more profitable. We maintain the firm’s “very recommended” rating.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Round Express (60023.sh): Short-term pressure for profit, optimizing services to enhance long-term competitiveness
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.