Circular Express (600233.sh) comments: 25q1 net profit to the mother 857 million dollars, core cost of single tickets continuously declining q1 net profit to the mother 0.126 dollars, and fine control driving core costs to continue to fall.
The cost of the express delivery core was 0.70, corresponding to $0.05, a decrease of approximately 6.67 per cent (of which the cost of single ticket transportation decreased by between 9.41 per cent and 0.42 per cent, and the cost of operating the unit centre decreased by 5.41 per cent, a decrease of $ 0.72 per cent, a decrease of about 6.49 per cent, compared to $0.05 per year) (of which the cost of single ticket transportation decreased by approximately 6.49 per cent).
(a) Cost decreases of $10.64 to 0.42 and unit centre operating costs of $0.30, equal to the same amount;
\triangleright Round Express (600233.sh) remarks: October Quick, Round Express (600233.sh) reported in mid-2024
Air freight and international operations are expected to generate a second-largest increase of 13 per cent in the number of companies, which is expected to reduce the impact of digital engineering on a continuous basis \triangleright
The company's asset barriers to internationalization strategy were high, and by the end of 2024 it had its own air fleet.
The 13-carrying air traffic has opened more than 150 routes, and in 2024, the air fleet now earns 1,717 million yuan, a significant increase of 43.20% over the previous year. Looking ahead, the company is expected to continue.
Deepening the internationalization development strategy, expanding cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. around international couriers, international freight and supply chain operations, and enhancing corporate integrated services and competitiveness across the board.
In Beijing, the company's net profit in 2025-2027 was \triangleright.
• Risk factors: demand for physical commodity networks is not as high as expected; competition for electric power suppliers’ Express prices is deteriorating;
Major areas of transport, such as logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation and maritime transport, have served as external review members of various provinces, joining the Sunda industry in the year in charge of research in the aviation, airport and other sectors, including couriers, logistics, roads and so on.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.