The industry has a strong position and shares remain high, the circulars disclose the 2024 annual report and the 2025 quarterly report disclose the 2024 annual report and the 2025 quarterly report.
Operating income increased by 69.03 billion yuan, or 19.7 per cent, and the return to the mother increased by 4.01 billion yuan, or 7.8 per cent in the fourth quarter, or 19.660 billion yuan in the fourth quarter, or 16.2 per cent, or 1.08 billion yuan, or 1.7 per cent in the first quarter of 2025.
Corporate operating income rose by 10.6 per cent from the previous year by $17.6 billion, resulting in a net return profit of $860 million, a single-volume increase in the share of Deep Farmer Express, a high demand for online consumption in 2024 and a high increase in the size of the Express.
Hundreds of millions of dollars are spent on the construction of transit centres, the upgrading of automation equipment, the consolidation of the foundations of business development, the continuous enhancement of customer services and precision marketing capabilities, and the visible improvement of rapid prescriptions, quality of services, customer experience, etc., but the revenue from the single-roll delivery business is due to the downfall of the market and competition among courier companies.
A solid push for core cost control, year-round performance of companies to apply advanced technologies such as artificial intelligence across the board, develop and upgrade multistar systems, improve the efficiency of network-wide management decisions, and build and refine intelligent route systems in real time.
Dynamic calculation and optimization of route-based adjustment programmes to further promote lower transport costs, upgrade of main lines, Shanghai Circumpolar Investment Development and Time-Framework for Transport. Corporate core costs fell further on a year-on-year basis in 2024.
At the cost end, the cost rates of the company as a whole remained stable, with sales, management, R & D, financial costs at 0.32, 1.63, 0.24 and 0.17 per cent, respectively, with cost control at the same rate, with the company performing well throughout the year, with express delivery at a net profit of $4.31 billion.
At the beginning of 2025, the national Express volume continued to increase at the same time, but price competitiveness increased and corporate performance fluctuated. Companies competed directly, and capital investment remained constant.
In 2025, the company will be firmly engaged in intensive farming, expanding its network of real-time services, improving its integrated domestic and international service systems, and promoting a comprehensive digital transformation and intelligence.
Development, focusing on raising brand values and premiums, focusing on quality of service and client experience, along with macroeconomic downturns, faster-than-expected fast-growing, faster-price competition, using data that we believe to be reliable and now publicly available, and independently judged and concluded, seeking independence, objectivity and fairness
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.