The forecast performance in 2024 was influenced by profit margins and impairments, and the performance announcement for 2024, published by Paulie Development, showed that in 2024 the company achieved a net profit of RMB 5 billion (with research equity)
Queen, cfa 4) plans to destroy 8 million square metres of undeveloped land (i.e. land swap or land adjustment planning with local governments)
The dollar's convertable bonds are used to replenish capital, while companies still have a RMB 4.5 billion bond issue line that will allow us to be cautious about Paulie's plans to re-pace the pace of land acquisition until the sustainability of the sales recovery and the prospects for price stability, especially in the three-to-four-line cities, become clear.
Main risks: better than/weaker than expected implementation of inventory items (especially those acquired prior to the down-cycle or located in three or four-line cities), which may mean faster/lower liquidity and liquidity consumption; impact of settlement of high-value land projects resulting in better/less than expected profitability; price recovery in key markets earlier than expected or policy easing
At a time of continued price weakness; at a time when real estate markets are recovering/mobility is tightening and real markets are weakening, land reserves are growing, and Goldmansachs continue to seek to develop their business relationships with the firms analysed in their studies.
Prospects for contract sales: Perpetrators ' revenues from real estate sales in December 2024 decreased by 37/34 per cent to RMB 15 billion in December 2024, while revenues from real estate sales amounted to RMB 323 million in the year (a 23 per cent decline in the same year) and we covered housing.
Land acquisition: 13 additional projects totalling 1.06 million square metres in the fourth quarter of 2024, at a total land value of 26.7 billion yuan (equivalent to 33 per cent of the sales revenue from the four-quarter contract, compared with 17 per cent in the third quarter of 2024)
The Mi earth storage project is part of the Government’s land adjustment planning or land conversion plan, through which the company plans to run 8 million square metres of undeveloped land reserves (about 27% of the company’s land reserves at the end of 2024) in 2025. Paulie’s development is a state-owned enterprise, ranked first in the sales list of China’s real estate enterprises in 2024, published in Cresley.
First, our rating of Paulie ' s development is neutral, because its land reserve projects are too diverse in terms of land acquisition years, triple-line urban distribution and non-residential-type ratios, which puts it in a less advantageous position in our sales-democratization and profit-rate projections; and considering that its contract sales income is still relative to meeting regular capital/operational expenditure needs
Big gaps, and investing in real estate assets provides only limited support, and we expect that the deleveraging path for Paulie's development will be more difficult than starting up a business. However, we take a positive view of management's focus on ensuring financial security through a well-budgeted business plan and working to optimize balance sheets through access to low-cost financing.
The risk return is relatively balanced. goldmansachs Paulie Development (600048.ss)
The implementation of inventory items (especially those acquired prior to the down-cycle of the round or located in three or four-line cities) is stronger/weaker than expected, which may mean faster/lower liquidity and liquidity consumption; and the impact of high-value project settlements
Soft; at a time when real estate markets are recovering/mobility is tightening and the real markets are weakening, earth storage is expanding faster/lower than expected. Goldmansachs Paulie development (600048.ss)
We, Wang Jing, cfa, Li Wei, Xu, and Kyung-yeon, hereby affirm that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views on the above-mentioned companies or their securities. Moreover, any part of our salaries has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The Goldman Sachs elements outline evaluates the investment background of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with the market (i.e. our coverage) and comparable counterparts. The four main indicators are growth, financial return, valuation multipliers (values) and combinations (growth, financial return, valuation multiples). Growth, financial return and valuation multipliers are calculated using normal rankings for each specific stock indicator.
The growth indicator is based on the expected increase in the sale of a stock, ebitda and per share increase in profitability (financial units use only per share and sales increase), with higher percentages indicating faster growth. Financial returns are based on the expected net asset return of a stock, rose and croci (financial units use only net assets returns), with higher percentages indicating higher financial returns of a company. Valuation multipliers are based on the expected market surplus of a stock, net market rates, stock prices/equity, v/ebitda, v/fcf, v/dacf (ev/debt-adjusted cash flow) (financial shares use only market surpluses, net market rates and equity/equity rates).
A higher percentage indicates that the value of the company is many times higher. The combined status percentage is the average of the growth percentage, the financial return percentage, and (100%-valued hundreds).
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of acquisition of certain companies. We then rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of a company becoming a M & A (30-50%), two of which represents a medium probability (15-30%) and three of which is a lower probability of Qantum.
Quantum is a highly specialized database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used to provide an in-depth analysis of a single firm, or to compare stock ratings with those of companies in different industries and markets with those of other firms within the scope of their research: Chinaevergrandegroup, Chinajinmaoholdings, Chinamerchantssshekouindszone, Chinaoverseesgrandoceansgroup, Chinaoverseasland & investment, Chinaresourcesland, Chinavanke
(a), Chinavanke(h), countrygardenholds, Gemdalecorp., greentownchinaholds, longforg group, populizeddevelopmentsandholds, red starmacallinegroup, seazenggroupd, shenzhenoverseeschinesetown, Sunacchinaholds