Project construction uplift production is increasing steadily and impairments affect profit release 31/03/2023: project uplift production is increasing steadily and impairments affect profit release
\triangleright 2022 saw a 6.4% increase in the same year and a 12.1% increase in the same quarter for q4 in the same year, a 0.3% increase in the ring, and investment returns and impairments are important factors affecting the company ' s profits.
The Qiuzu Institute has been able to produce its own projects efficiently, and the company’s production of its products has largely met its target of production guidelines at the beginning of the year.
In 2022, the company produced approximately 20.44 million tons of copper concentrate, an increase of 1.0 per cent in the same year; cathode copper production, research assistant Zhang Qing, research assistant Li Jian
The central point for the future is the whole chain layout of copper, leading the country in smelting and processing capacity.
The company is the largest integrated copper producer in the country and has developed an industrial chain of gold and copper mining, mineral extraction, smelting, processing, and sulphurization, rare and rare metals extraction and processing as its core business.
Two companies are the largest copper production base in the country, leading in the country in smelting and processing capacity. The company is the largest copper production base in the country, owns the largest Devin copper mine in the country today, and has many copper-producing mines. The company produces more than 200,000 tons of copper per year. The company produces more than 1.7 million tons of copper per year.
The refinery is the largest single-body copper smelter in the world, with companies processing more than 1.7 million tons of copper annually, the largest copper-processing producer in the country. \triangleright
One incident: the company issued its annual report for 2022, resulting in a net profit of $5,994 million to the mother, representing an increase of 6.4 per cent in the same year; the deduction of a net gain of $5,417 million to the mother, representing a decrease in the same year.
2.1 Production has risen steadily, and the price of commodities has been subdued by Maori, and the structure of the company’s harvests has been largely stable. In terms of the company’s product collection structure in 2022, the amount of cathode copper: the company’s output per product has largely met the year’s target for production guidelines. In 2022, the company’s cathode copper production
Tens of tons, or about 2.3 per cent more than the same year; the company ' s copper-processing product production of about 1.77 million tons, meeting the target of volume guidelines set by the production guidelines at the beginning of the year, mainly by accelerating the construction of priority projects and the efficient completion of related projects, including the early completion of the 220,000 tons/year copper poles and the 30,000 tons/year creative new materials project in the Jiang Xiang Yu industrial park.
Project for the rehabilitation of submersible enrichment techniques under the Silver Hill mining wells, the development of high-purity materials in Hengzhou shares, and the industrialization (phase I) project, which combines efforts to achieve production on schedule, the expansion of 100,000 tonnes/year of cathode copper, the production of 180,000 tonnes/year of smoke station boom/year of cathode copper energy reduction project, and the successful completion of production of the company ' s industrial layout
Corporate production guidelines for 2023: production of 2.7 million tons of cathode copper, 12.5 per cent more than the same year; production of 98.5 tons of gold, 10.9 per cent more than the same year; production of 1289 tons of silver and silver, 4.6 per cent more than the same year; production of 56.4 million tons of sulphuric acid, 4.1 per cent more than the same year; production of 2.01 million tons of copper-processing material, 13.7 per cent more than the same year; and production of self-produced copper concentrates, 20.05 per cent.
The structure of the company’s Māori sub-products is largely stable. From the company’s Māori sub-product structure in 2022, the price of cathode copper: the average price of cathode copper and silver fell in 2022 and the average price of gold in 2022 was almost equal.
The Māori rate for several products fell the same year. In 2022, as a result of interest increases by the Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank, the average price of cathode copper was approximately $21.80 per ounce, a decline of 13.4 per cent per product. In 2022, cathode copper, a decline of 1.6 pct to 3.1 per cent, a decline of 0.4 pct to 0.8 per cent for copper poles and a decline of 0.8 per cent for gold.
On the cost side, there is a gradual decline in the share of corporate management costs, sales costs, and financial costs combined, and a more stable R&D rate. In 2022, corporate management costs, sales costs, financial costs combined 2022q4, corporate management costs, sales costs, combined financial costs as a percentage of revenue increased by 0.5 pct
By 1.1 per cent, financial costs have increased significantly, mainly in the fourth quarter; the share of corporate R & D costs in revenue has remained stable.
Reduction of $715 million in impairment losses on the same basis (due mainly to the company's lower asset write-off readiness and the lower and lesser decline in the realizable value of preserved assets held in accounts receivable) and an equivalent reduction of $269 million in fees and taxes (mainly interest income and exchange gains)
Dollars (largely the decrease in the Māori of the cathode copper business), a decrease of $587 million in fair value changes over the same year (mostly due to the increase in the loss of fair value of commodity futures contracts under hedging instruments).
2.2 Increase in the same amount of copper retention resources, which remain largely high in terms of capacity utilization, amount to approximately 8993 million tons of copper metal, an increase of 374,000 tons and 275.9 tons of gold, and a decrease in the amount of metal resources controlled by other companies in terms of equity of the company, which amounts to approximately 44.35 million copper.
Tons, 52 tons of gold. The company’s holding subsidiary, Hsing State’s shares and its subsidiaries, have completed a record of 150.38 tons of identified reserves.
The capacity utilization rate in 2022 was about 98 per cent; smelting plates, with cathode copper design capacity totalling 1.68 million tonnes/year, yellow gold design capacity totalling 75 tonnes/year, silver and silver design capacity totalling 1210 tonnes/year, sulphuric acid design production capacity totalling 4.85 million tonnes/year, with capacity utilization in 2022 reaching 109 per cent, 118 per cent, 102 per cent and 112 per cent;
Blocks, copper process design output combined to reach 17.38 million tonnes/year, with a capacity utilization rate of 83 per cent in 2022.3 Core point: copper whole-industry chain layout, smelting and processing capacity of domestic leaders. Business layout covering all industrial links such as exploration, mining, mineral selection, smelting, processing, etc., has a single whole chain.
The company, the largest integrated copper producer in the country, has formed an industrial chain of gold and copper mining, mineral extraction, smelting, processing, and sulfide, rare and rare metals extraction and processing as its core business. The company produces copper concentrates containing more than 200,000 tons of copper each year; and the company’s controlling subsidiary, Hing, has 50 tons of gold and silver per year.
The company is the country’s largest copper production base, leading the country’s smelting and processing capacity. The company is the country’s largest copper production base, the largest associated gold, the silver production base, and the important sulfide base.
The company produces more than 1.7 million tons of cathode copper per year, and the largest copper smelter in a single-body world. The company processes more than 1.7 million tons of copper annually, the largest producer of copper in the country.
In 2022, the company ' s 220,000 tons/year copper poles and 30,000 tons/year of new materials found were brought to production ahead of schedule, with 8,000 tons/day depth under the Silver Hill mine.
In addition, the company has been active in the construction of the construction project, which resulted in over-achievement of the annual schedule of three 10,000 tonnes/day expansion of the Wusan copper mine.
The construction of the tungsten mining project in Kazak Bakutta has been carried out in an orderly manner. In addition to the 100,000 tonnes/year lithium copper scavenger project in Jiangxi, the 4 tonnes/year high electrolytic copper redevelopment project in copper, and the 100,000 tonnes/year new energy project.
Long-term projects such as the source electromagnetic wiring project, the production of environmental equipment, and the 50,000-ton/year integrated resource recovery project are also active forward-looking. With the build-up of the layout project, the company’s growth space is expected to open gradually.
4.1 Prospective profit scenarios split with operations Mining, mineral selection, smelting, processing of gold and copper, as well as sulfide industries, rare and rare excreta extraction and processing, with a breakdown of the business plates comprising mainly cathode copper, copper pole line, copper processing, gold, silver, silver, silver, etc.
Chemical products, dispersion and other non-ferrous metals, and other operations. Crater copper plates: The company ' s partial cathode copper project was successfully constructed in 2022, considering the newly built project ' s Gonn/t. Cost-end reference historical cost data, assuming that the cost of smelting, etc., is stable, and the cathode copper plate is expected to remain stable.
Copper pole lines and copper-processing product plates: in 2022, partial copper processing projects were successfully completed, taking into account sales of industrial products (including copper pole lines) of 1.7890 million tons, 1.89 million tons and 1829,000 tons, respectively.
Proposing production guidance, assuming sales of sulphuric acid in 2023-2025 of 54.14 million tonnes, 5.527 million fragmented and other non-ferrous metals and other business plates, respectively: using historical data as a reference scenario, assuming stable corporate operations in 2023-2025 and other non-ferrous metals and other business plates, respectively
The company’s main business is the copper industry chain, so two copper companies in the purple gold mining and the Luoyang molybdenum industry have been selected as averages of 13 x 11 x 9 x per year, basically the same as the company. The company owns an integrated layout of the copper industry chain, and not only owns the largest copper mine in the country, but also smelting and processing the production capacity is a national leader, considering the company as a whole.
The company owns the integrated layout of the copper industry chain, not only the largest copper mine in the country, but also the smelting and processing capacity, which is a national leader, and the company’s future performance is likely to grow in time with the build-up of priority projects. We expect 1) the prices of copper, gold, etc., fall. Companies produce large commodities, transparent prices, copper, gold, etc.
Price fluctuations in products such as zinc, silver, iron ore have a clear impact on corporate profitability, which will have a greater impact on the profitability of companies if macroeconomic downturns, or if the prices of metals fall as a result of large-scale supply releases, occur. 2) Projects are not progressing as expected. Companies still have more projects under construction, and construction of these projects remains to be invested.
Significant amounts of human and material resources are likely to be affected by unexpected events such as recurrent outbreaks, which may result in the project not progressing as expected, when the pace of output release will slow, with an impact on profitability. 3) The risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
If the exchange rate fluctuates significantly, this may result in a loss of currency exchange for the company, leading to a finding of methodological and analytical logic for the profitability of the company, an independent and objective presentation of the report, and accountability for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of the researchers, the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.