Accelerating approval for nuclear power, opening a new round of growth, accelerating approval for Chinese nuclear power (601985.sh) and creating a global clean energy giant.
At the end of 2024q3, the company held 25 nuclear power units with a capacity of 23.75gw; the company has approved 18 units under construction or to be built with a capacity of 20.64gw. In 2020, the company acquired nuclear transfer energy, making it the only clean energy source under the China Nuclear Group.
Operational platform. As reported in 2024, the company controlled 7.56gw installed capacity for wind power and 14.81gw light-voltage capacity. According to the company's 14th Five-Year Plan, the total installed capacity of the new energy source will reach 30gw.
In 2022-2024, one nuclear power unit, 10/10/11 units, with 18 units using the “Wallon One” technology, was approved. The average equity payment rate for the company over the past three years was about 35%, with 34.7%, and the rate for the Yangtze electricity commitment was no less than 70%.
The commercial model of nuclear power is similar to hydropower, with high capital expenditure during the construction period; when the corporate capital expenditure cycle is over, operating cash flows are more robust and higher than net profits, and the distribution ratio is expected to gradually look at the Yangtze Power.
The average depreciation of a company's fixed-use nuclear power asset is 25-30 years, while the design life of the second/third generation of nuclear power is 40/60 years, with life expectancy, and the interstate operating time is far greater than the deflatable cost. Depreciation and financial costs account for a large amount of lost profits.
Dismantling the company’s revenue from electricity operations in 2023, depreciation and financial costs represent 32% of the revenue from electricity operations, with a pre-tax profit rate of 31%. For the currently shipped fleet, after depreciation has expired and the loan for the construction period has been repaid, there is much room for releasing the profits of listed companies, and the pre-tax profit margin is expected to be over 50%.
Dynamic risk: Nuclear power plant operating risk.1 High-quality development of nuclear power giants, wind injection into growth kinetic energy 1.1, nuclear power operating platforms under the China Nuclear Group, active deployment of wind-light operations
The China Nuclear Industries Group Ltd. is the main body of the country’s nuclear technology industry. It is a national team and main force to promote the development and use of nuclear energy, nuclear engineering, nuclear technology applications, a complete nuclear science and technology industrial system, and a major business cover.
The company is a nuclear power operating platform belonging to the China Nuclear Group and covers the development, investment, construction, operation and management of clean energy projects and support facilities such as nuclear energy, wind and solar energy.
The company relies on the high quality development of the Chinese nuclear group and is actively developing the wind and light business. In 2015, China began construction of the first demonstration of the three generation nuclear power technology “Wallong One” and the company made a successful landing: in 2020, the company acquired nuclear transfer from its brother company and injected new energy sources into the power generation business; in the same year, the Chinese nuclear group issued a bid to avoid co-operation.
In 2021, the company's first global crew, the Fu Qing nuclear power unit 5, became commercially operational. In 2022-2024, the company's five nuclear power projects, totalling 11 nuclear power units, were approved.
In August 2024, the company proposed to raise $14 billion in stocks from the China Nuclear Group and the Social Security Foundation for Liaoning.
Construction of nuclear power projects in Xu Da Fort, Fujianzhou and Jiangsuda Bay: of this amount, the China Nuclear Group proposed to purchase $2 billion and the Social Security Foundation proposed to purchase $12 billion; after this release, the Social Security Foundation held the shares of the company 1.3, the performance of the business and the profitability of the company increased.
Corporate performance has continued to grow. In 2023, the company achieved 74.957 billion yuan in operating income, an increase of 5.2 per cent over the previous year; 1.4.
The nuclear power industry is relatively wide, and only four companies in the country have nuclear license plates. The development and operation of nuclear power has long been dominated by China and China, and China, and China, and China, and China.
In 2021, the Henan Changjiang II nuclear power project, controlled by the China Energy Corporation, was approved, marking the formal acquisition of nuclear power to become the fourth nuclear power operator in the country with nuclear furniture.
The company is one of the country's nuclear power companies, with about 40% of the installed nuclear power units. As of 2024q3, 56 nuclear power units with a capacity of 58.22gw have been commercialized. Of these, the company holds 25 units with a capacity of 23.75gw, or 40.8%; and we have approved nuclear power units (excluding the national nuclear demonstration project and Ha Pu) under construction or pending construction.
44 units, with a capacity of 52.22gw; of these, 18 units, with a capacity of 20.64gw, or 39.5%, had been approved for construction or to be built by the company.
30 years of useful life, 2041 years of operating permit extension in 2021, the country's first nuclear power unit authorized to extend life: the Fukuokafu Nuclear Power Station 5 and Unit 6 were the country's first crew of the Hualong One. Intercepting to the end of 2024q3, Fuku Qing 5 has been in commercial traffic for more than 3.5 years.
The construction phase of a nuclear power plant can be divided into five parts: fcd preparation, civil construction, installation of equipment, commissioning, and netting.
The complete installation of nuclear island system equipment to the nuclear island main system has cold-state functional test conditions: the debugging phase refers to the full joint commissioning of the plant: the grid-connection phase refers to the first-time integration of generators into the grid. As of 202403, 18 units of the company-controlled fleet had been approved for construction or pending construction, with a capacity of 20.64gw.
According to the company announcement, it will take approximately six years from approval to completion of construction, and most nuclear power projects currently under construction/approved for construction are expected to be operational during the fifteenth five-year period. As of 20,243. 18 aircraft units (excluding the Xiapur model project) have been approved for construction or construction and have been installed with a capacity of 20.64gw.
After delivery, the company's holding capacity (excluding the Xiapur demonstration project) will increase by 86.9 per cent from the current level of 12.63gw; if the project progresses as expected, the capacity of the company's holding nuclear power plant will reach a higher share of the company's marketed and traded electricity by the end of 2028 than it does each year, with a steady increase in the average cost of access to the Internet.
(b) Average Internet access price (after tax) of 0.3637/kWh, an increase of 3.3 per cent compared to 2018.
In December 2020, after consideration by the company’s board of directors, the company agreed to purchase 100% of the shares held by the controlling nuclear group in China’s nuclear power transfer company. On the same day, China’s nuclear group issued a copy of the agreement.
In January 2021, the transfer of 100% of the shares of the Central Bank was completed, and the Central China Bank of China of the United States of America became a fully-owned subsidiary. In May 2022, the Central Bank of China of China of the United States of America was able to complete the transfer of 100% of its shares.
Replenishment of equity. By 2024, 70 per cent of the company ' s holdings were approved for transfer. Since 2020, the company ' s wind installed capacity has expanded rapidly and the number of hours used continues to improve. By 2024, the company ' s holding wind installed capacity was 7.56gw, the light-voltage installed capacity was 14.81gw, and the wind installed capacity was combined.
Mark 5.78gw, with wind power 1.60gw, photovoltaic 4.18gw; mid-June 2024, when the transfer of shares in the Hassax Tanaba project was completed and a “zero” break-up was achieved in the offshore wind power project. According to the company's 14th Five-Five Plan, the total capacity of the new energy plant will reach 30gw. In 2023, the company's wind unit used an average of hours.
In 2097, the average number of hours spent on photovoltaic units rose considerably from 2020 to 2020. Wal-hours accounted for 11.8 per cent of total power generation; wind sales earned $9,809 million, or 13.1 per cent of total operating income; green power had a higher Māori rate than nuclear power, and wind business was expected to raise the company ' s Māori hub in 2023.
Windlight operations are expected to raise the company's Māori hub as a percentage of the increase.2 Nuclear power: the “required condition” for power transformation, nuclear power approval is expected to restore the state-of-the-art technological enabler of the “Wallon One”, policy bottom & price
We have developed three generations of autonomous nuclear power technologies, the Hualong I and the Nuke I. Since the 1980s, we have started with 300,000 kilowatts in Qinshan, incorporating French technology m310 and developing 600,000 kilowatts, million kilowatts of nuclear power generation 2 generation models, which have been standardized and quantified.
In the wake of the nuclear accident, my country has accelerated the quantitative development of the flagship nuclear power generation Hualong I, Nation and One, which is the highest global safety standard. At present, our thermal reactor technology has moved from generation to generation to generation, across and out of the country.
As of 2024h1, the world was working on two “None and One” units, with a single-machine power of 1534,000 kilowatts and a design life of 60 years, which is expected to be delivered in 2024.
The three major nuclear accidents in history raised greater public doubts about the safety of nuclear power. The common reasons behind the 1979 US three-mile nuclear accident, the 1986 Soviet Chernobyl nuclear accident and the 2011 Fukushima nuclear accident in Japan were:
Man-made operational failures and extremes result in the failure of the energy safety system, which eventually leads to overheated melting of the core and the spread of radioactive substances. The Hullone One can withstand the 17-degree typhoon, the 9-degree seismic intensity; and, at the same time, the non-dynamic security system is capable of relying on gravity, temperature differentials, compressed air, etc., under extreme conditions of power outages at the power station.
Our autonomous nuclear power technology has been validated, nuclear power has been approved, built into fast lanes. Following the 2011 Fukushima nuclear accident, the State Department's Medium- and Long-Term Nuclear Power Development Plan (2011-2020) states: “On the coast there are few arrangements.
There are only eight units approved during the “thirteen-five” period. The first global pile of the Hualong One in 2021 was successfully launched into commerce, and the government’s report on its work suggested a shift in policy to “ensure a secure environment for the active and orderly development of nuclear power”.
In 2022 and 2024, respectively, 10/10/11 units of the nuclear power plant were approved, including 18 units using the “Wallon I” technology; to date, the cumulative number of units of the “Wallon I” to be constructed has reached 30 units in operation/under construction/approved.
The Interim Measures for the Safe Depletion of Electricity specify that the basic principles for the safe consumption of nuclear power are “ensuring safety, priority access, securing electricity, balancing benefits”, and that nuclear power units in areas where electricity supply and demand are balanced are scheduled to run on an annual basis according to the full capacity of the units, and that excess areas of electricity are determined on the basis of a certain number of times the average number of hours spent on local power generation in the previous year.
Group guaranteed use of hours, extra-secure generation of electricity to encourage consumption through market-based practices; in 2019, the Circular on Regulating the Management of Priority Power Acquisition Programmes recommended that priority generation of electricity be an effective way to ensure the full and safe operation of clean energy sources such as nuclear power, large hydropower, etc.
In 2021, the Programme of Work for Integrated Monitoring of Clean Energy Consumption proposed that grid companies be urged to optimize clean energy access and network operations, and to prioritize access to clean energy sources and full guaranteed acquisitions.
Prices: The pricing mechanism for nuclear power has passed through the “one plant at one price” to the “fixed power price” and then through the “approved price at the beginning of the development of nuclear power,” and the State has adopted a model of price pricing that supports nuclear power development, whether individually or for an operating period, with a support policy, both in terms of crew hours and internal rates of return (firr).
In 2013, the National Development Reform Commission issued a circular on issues related to the improvement of the price of nuclear power on the Internet, which changed the price of nuclear power on the Internet from an individual pricing to a stick-to-line pricing policy for new nuclear power units, and approved it for all.
The price of State nuclear power poles is 0.43/kWh, marking the end of the “one plant, one plant,” pricing mechanism, which officially ushers in the price of poles, from the planned to the market. Since the new cycle of electricity market reform in 2015, the market-based pricing of nuclear power has been further deepened and gradually introduced.
In 2016, some nuclear power units began to participate in the electricity market reform, with a two-part feed into the electricity market, which is not part of the electricity market and continues to be implemented with the approval of electricity prices (also known as planned prices) and the implementation of part of the electricity market.
Since 2020, the Coal Power Price Association mechanism has been abolished, and the pricing mechanism has been changed from a punctuated to a market-based mechanism for “base price plus up and down”; and nuclear power, gas power generation, cross-provincial and cross-regional power transfer pricing mechanisms, etc., with reference to the puncture-fired utility feeder price changed to a reference base price.
By the end of 2024q3, the company was transporting, building, approving, and building nuclear power plants in Zhejiang, Jiangsu, Fujian, Liaoning, and Hainan, five provinces, near the coastal load centre. The price of the chemicalized electricity on the nuclear power market was higher than the price of the nuclear power program, and marketed transactions were expected to raise electricity revenues as compared to the expansion.
In 2023, the average market price was more than 10% higher than that of the provincial nuclear power program. The participation of the nuclear power unit in the market trade is expected to raise the average online price.
Annually, nuclear power installed in the eight provinces was all higher than electricity generated; in the provinces of Guangdong, Shandong, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Liaoning5 there was a large gap in electricity supply and demand, and the market price of electricity was supported by a higher price than the coal-fired base.
Fujian: All but Hualong 1 units are involved in the market trade. According to the document of the Fujian Provincial Development and Reform Commission, in 2024 units Fukuon 1-4 and Ningde 1-4 were, in principle, involved in all online trading.
Zhejiang: The scale of the market for nuclear power is about 50%, with a new over-recycling mechanism in 2023. In 2023, the Zhejiang Development Commission proposed medium- and long-term trading of electricity for nuclear power units, resulting in medium- and long-term contracts based on bilateral negotiations.
The price difference between the price and the price of the nuclear power plant on the Internet is recovered in a percentage (negative zero), and the excess recovery mechanism is holding the price of nuclear power on the market near the planned price. Jiangsu: The scale of the nuclear power market has been growing year by year, with no restrictions on the price of the trade.
From 2022 to 2024, the nuclear power unit of Jiangsu Nuclear Power Company Ltd., which traded electricity from less than 20 billion kWh throughout the year, increased to around 27 billion kWh, accounting for about 50% of the annual electricity generated in Tanagawa. Liaoning: All of the electricity generated online outside the priority generation is involved in the market exchange.
According to the company’s announcement, the company’s nuclear power unit is located in four provinces.
In 2024, in Fujian and Zhejiang provinces, the price of electricity was almost equal to the price of electricity approved for the local nuclear power plant: the volatility of the Governor's Association had a limited impact on company profits: Hainan nuclear power was not involved in marketed transactions. In 2024, the annual price of electricity in Jiangsu province fell, but after that, the price of electricity was still higher than that of the nuclear power program.
According to the Jiangsu electricity trading centre, in 2024 the average price of electricity was 0.4529/kWh, down 2.94% from 0.014/kWh in 2023. Assuming that nuclear power in Jiangsuda Bay is connected to the grid, it is 50 billion kWh; and 2023, 2024, the amount of marketed electricity (including the annual association)
The monthly bid is 22 billion kWh, 27 billion kWh, with marketed electricity at 44.0% and 54.0%, respectively, and the monthly bid is assumed to be equal to the annual annual price of electricity. It is estimated that, as a result of the fall in the GCA average price in 2024, it is still significantly higher than the planned Internet price, based on a 20% rise in marketed electricity prices and a 45% share of marketized transactions.
When the price of marketed electricity falls to 15%, the share of marketed transactions rises to 2.2%, nuclear power is low-carbon and low-cost, the coastal site is well stored, the ideal base charge power source is stable, and the annual use of hours is the highest in the main power source. Nuclear power is not subject to seasons, climate, etc.
The factors influence the long-term stability of power, except for a brief overhaul. In 2023, our power generation was set up for an average of 3,592 hours, of which 7670 hours were spent, 4,466 hours were spent on fire, 3133 hours of utilities, 2225 hours of wind power and 1218 hours of photovoltaic power.
Carbon emissions throughout the life cycle of nuclear energy are at a low level and are a high-quality clean power source. According to the United Nations Inter-Government Panel on Climate Change (ipcc), nuclear power has about 12 grams of CO2 equivalent emissions of electricity throughout its life cycle, close to wind power, below photovoltaic and hydropower, and well below coal and gas power.
The cost of nuclear electron power is low in the main power source, and supply and demand is stable up and down. The cost of nuclear power is lower than the cost of electricity in the coal sector, and the companies listed in the nuclear power industry have signed a fuel supply agreement with their respective groups, the Uranium Brothers Division, and the cost of fuel is less affected by fluctuations in the price of current uranium, and the cost of electricity is higher than the cost of electricity.
Sex; with the exception of macro-risk factors such as changes in human costs, financial costs, etc., are hardly relevant to the rest of the industry. Downstream, nuclear power is of excellent quality and low price. While national policies guarantee nuclear power access to the net, it is fundamentally different from new energy conservation, and the market for nuclear power and hydropower consumption is more policy-oriented.
Data on total world electricity generation in 2023, 29924.8 twh, 2737.7 twh, or 9.1 per cent; OECD (oecd) countries, 11178.6 twh, 1831.7 twh, or 16.4 per cent. Figure 29: Oecd State power generation structure, 2023, or 16.4 per cent.
Figure 28: World power generation structure nuclear power in 2023 as a percentage of 9.1% other, 0.8% μ fuel and 2.3% of our nuclear capacity and power generation are below the world average.
Data show that in 2023 the cumulative amount of electricity generated in the country was 89,0920 million kWh, while the cumulative amount of electricity generated from operating nuclear power plants was 43,331 million kWh, representing 4.9 per cent of the total national electricity generated, well below the world average of 9.1 per cent and the national average of oecd of 16.4 per cent. As at the end of 2023, 55 units of commercial nuclear power plants had been installed with a capacity of 57.03gw.
Only 2.0 per cent of the total installed capacity of the country ' s electricity generation structure in 2023, with a national production rate of more than 90 per cent for three generations of nuclear-related equipment and a manufacturing capacity of 10 units/sets or about 10 units per year.
At the end of 2023, China and I had achieved 100% national capacity.
We have built up 10 or about 1 million kilowatt-class water-stumps annually, with engineering capacity for the simultaneous construction of more than 40 nuclear power units. It is expected that the pace of construction of 8-10 million kilowatts per year will be maintained over the next 10 years.
The Association reports that by 2035, the share of nuclear power generation in our power structure is expected to reach 10% left right, corresponding to the current global average, and that by 2060, the share of nuclear power generation would have reached around 18%, corresponding to the level of the former oecd countries.
The size of the fleet is expected to reach 120 million kW in 2030 and 150 million kW in 2035, respectively, generating about 7.3 per cent and 10.0 per cent of the country ' s total electricity generation. In 2022-2024, we have approved no less than 10 units per year for three consecutive years, and the pace of approval is expected to remain stable in the future.
The coastal nuclear power plant is well-stocked to meet the medium-term development needs. According to public information, the coastal nuclear power plant sites, Guangxi Yulin, Liaoning River, Shandong Sinan, etc., have been regulated, but have not yet been approved by the unit: the existing nuclear power plants, Zhejiang, Zhejiang Qian, Guangdong Yanjiang, etc., have not been approved, and the coastal nuclear power plant sites have not yet been stored.
According to the company's announcement, if our nuclear power plant were to meet the development needs of “145” or even “155” at the current approval rate of 8-10 per year, our coastal nuclear power plant would have been able to meet the development needs of the country. The construction of nuclear power in the interior of the country has been suspended since 2011.
Inland nuclear power projects such as the South Peach River, Xianning Hubei and Jiang Xi Pengze; our inland nuclear power construction has been suspended since the 2011 Fukushima nuclear accident; according to a report by the China Nuclear Energy Industry Association, as of 2021, all three nuclear power projects have completed the work required for approval and approval of the project, with a cumulative investment of more than 12 billion yuan.
Inland nuclear power plants are usually used to remove excess heat through a combination of direct-flow cooling, cooling towers, reservoirs, etc. There is little demand for river flow. Inland nuclear power plants are located in the Yangtze basin and other water-rich areas, and lower nuclear power plants are used.
Water use and water consumption cooling programmes (e.g. secondary cycle cooling, air cooling, mid-water reuse, etc.): 4 million kilowatts of nuclear power units using second cycle cooling, requiring about 4-6 cubic metres per second of water recharge.
With the same safety standards, our planned inland nuclear power plant sites are sufficiently resilient to earthquakes, floods and droughts, and the world’s nuclear power sites are common in the interior, with the same number of inland nuclear and coastal nuclear power. According to data released by the World Nuclear Association (Wna), by the end of 2020, the world had 441 nuclear power units operating around the world.
251 are inland, or 57%. 74 of the 94 U.S. nuclear power units are inland, or 79% of them, of which 31 are in the Mississippi basin; 36 of France ' s 56 nuclear power units are inland, or 64% of them, of which 14 are on the Rona River. In addition, all four of our nuclear power units exported to Pakistan are inland;
The fast neutron experiment reactor and the high-temperature air cooling experiment reactor in Beijing have been operating steadily for many years. The cogeneration of the nuclear power plant to replace the thermal power plant is theoretically and economically feasible.
Temperature load requirements. The main vapour parameters of the fourth generation of nuclear reactors, represented by high-temperature cooling reactors, are essentially the same as those of the conventional heat-fired super-high voltage unit, which can be combined with the power users, heat users, direct and existing pipe-connected systems, the former out-of-line corridor, without the need for new power and steam-out facilities, assessed and modified in small quantities.
Since then, the existing auxiliary facilities at the power plant can be used directly at high-temperature cooling reactors.Figure 33: The construction of nuclear power in the interior of the country has been suspended since 2011 and is currently being carried out, with nuclear power stations concentrated in coastal areas. 2.3. The safe and stable operation of new power systems requires strong support from nuclear power.
The safe and stable operation of new power systems requires strong support from nuclear power. As the share of new energy installed and power generated continues to rise, the main power source of the power system has been transformed from a continuously controlled fire engine to a weak, controlled and uncertain wind-optic unit, with the “double-high” characteristics of high-scale renewable energy and high-scale electrical electronics becoming increasingly apparent.
The large-scale replacement of the power unit by the new energy unit has led to a reduction in system rotation inertia, the frequency of power systems and the ability to stabilize voltage. The nuclear unit is a synchronous generator with a swing inertia capable of increasing system resistance, providing effective power systems with angular stability, voltage stability and frequency stability, and is able to respond effectively to the power engine.
In April 2024, the China Nuclear Energy Industry Association released the Chinese Nuclear Energy Development Report (2024), recommending the optimization of nuclear power layouts, highlighting the power supply gap.
In the Chinese provinces, the construction of nuclear power projects was initiated as soon as possible; Shu Shu Piao, a clerk of the Chinese Engineering Institute and consultant to the State Power Networks Ltd., stated that in the central region of China, at the end of the energy supply, hydropower resources have been developed, coal transport units are large, wind resources do not have base-based conditions for development, and nuclear power has become a sustainable energy supply and alternative coal power.
It is better to choose between 2030 and then, in due course, to start the pre-construction and construction of nuclear power projects in the central region. Inland nuclear power will play an important role in safeguarding the sustained demand for electricity and optimizing the power structure in the central provinces. In the future, nuclear power will play an important role as a base charge source for the power system.
The total wind capacity will exceed 50%, but for industrial transient safety to be ensured, the grid should have a stable supply capacity of 60%, generating power: power from fire (25%), hydropower (15%), nuclear (20%) and storage energy. No nuclear installed capacity should reach 400 million kW, generating more than 20% of the power generated in the backbone grid, which is expected to be maintained.
Continued construction of more than 200 large, advanced water-pressure reactors, with total direct investment of more than $4 trillion. Figure 36: As the share of new energy installed and generated power continues to rise, the amount of power system inverted inertia decreases 3. Windlight: the smoothing of the price transfer mechanism is expected to boost green electricity revenues
3.1. The cost of new energy investments continues to decline, and the country ' s wind-mounted capacity is growing rapidly. The cost of new energy investments in construction has declined significantly. According to the report of the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA), in 2023, the country ' s land-based wind, sea-based wind, large photovoltaic power stations had weighted average flat-level costs (levelisedcost)
A decrease of US$ 25.97/MWh, US$ 70/MWh, US$ 35.65/MWh, respectively, is 71.1 per cent, 34.9 per cent and 89.5 per cent compared to 2010.
The cost of flattening electricity generation decreased significantly from 2010 (US$/megawatt hour) and our accumulated installed capacity of new energy sources increased rapidly. As of 2024h1, our wind installed capacity stood at 466.71gw, an increase of 19.9 per cent compared to that of the previous year; the photovoltaic installed capacity increased by 51.6 per cent compared to the first half of 2024.
New wind and electrical installed capacity of 25.37gw, an increase of 6.7 per cent in the same year; new photovoltaic installed capacity of 102.48gw, a decrease of 42:2024 in the first half of the year, new photovoltaic installed capacity of our country, figure 41: as of 2024h1, our photovoltaic installed capacity of 713.50gw, same as
Until 2017, our green power policy focused on the establishment of a fully guaranteed acquisition mechanism for renewable energy generation and the promotion of a guaranteed acquisition of the grid.
In 2019, the Circular on the Establishment of a Sound Renewable Energy Electricity Discharge Guarantee formally proposed the establishment of a full-scale Renewable Energy Electricity Discharge Guarantee Mechanism. Since 2019, the two ministries have issued annual reports for each provincial region.