US Group (000333ch) Building Technology Conference: Smart architecture technology is promising, and the beauty of the blue-sea market has a leading role to play in increasing market awareness. We participated in America’s conference on 11-12 January in the depths.
The building science and technology conference held by Lu Hojiang, cfa, cesga Shenzhen has deepened our understanding of America's intelligent architecture and technology products and services, and our confidence in its rapidly developing b-side business prospects.
In the last two years, smart architecture and technology has generated 34% of the income, which was in 2023.
After the meeting, we thought that the market for building-related business was huge and currently belonged to the Blue Sea. According to the Fortunebusinessinsights, the size of the smart construction market reached $80.65 billion in 2022 and is projected to reach $328.62 billion in 2029, with an annual compound growth rate of 22.2 per cent.
In the light of the trend towards energy-saving reductions, typical energy-consuming equipment – heating and air conditioning – has gradually become the focus of various building improvements, with clients in different sectors having the need for cost savings, space savings, efficiency improvements, and cost optimization. The company is based on optimizing the efficiency of the operation of the equipment, supported by a number of factors.
Building-related business blocks (e.g. elevators, service robots) have evolved into multiple b-end products and services.
However, industry clients’ concerns about data security and the effectiveness of solutions are factors that must be taken into account in the continued expansion of the market. Building technology is part of the products and services.
At this level, the United States group uses ibuilding as a brand and develops products and services to capture the rapid growth of the unattended industries: 1) Smart Building Business and apaas Platform: Smart Building Business Covers The Smart Building Build and Optimization of Elements within the Building and Digitalizes Through the apaas Platform
Management for later monitoring and control. 2) Predictability maintenance of water machines: Increased efficiency through effective monitoring of the functioning and working data of water machines, proactive contact with customers and after-sale services before problems arise. 3) Multi-connected intelligence services: monitoring and operation with equipment
Data statistics and analysis are at the core, addressing the current pain spots - the monthly consumption of more than 2,000 degrees on-line alone 30 per cent of electricity use is inefficient or wasted. 4) Digital solutions for the full chain of efficient rooms: coverage of design, equipment, control systems, etc., and provision of energy efficiency commitments, applied projects
In addition to this, the American group provides industrial energy solutions.
Products and services, such as smart solutions for the number of elevators. Transparency and awareness of the b-end operations. Although the macro-environment remains uncertain, and b-business still needs time to educate the market, taking into account policy trends in energy-saving emission reductions and the warming of the American conglomerates.
In the field of technology and reputations, we believe that the US building technology business is expected to get more products and services from the US-American group (00033ch) and the U.S.-based technology sector.
Smart building operations and apaas platforms, according to Fortunebusinessinsights, the size of the smart construction market reached $80.65 billion in 2022 and is projected to reach $328.62 billion in 2029, with a 22.2 per cent annual compound growth rate, representing a faster increase.
Quick. With the upgrading of the digitalization of the construction and related industries, the beauty conglomerate uses ibuilding and develops products and services for intelligent building solutions that provide a combination of heating equipment, elevators, building self-control, cloud services, from design development and equipment configuration to post-debugging and sale.
, and provide digital management platform – apaas. The apaas platform is designed to provide monitoring and control at a later stage by providing digital management platforms based on the solutions offered by the United States-based groups to their clients. For example, the apaas platform provides a visual management interface and provides no
Information on the use of electrical water, total carbon emissions, natural gas use, space usage, etc. for equipment on the same/different floors (e.g. heating to air conditioners, power equipment, int rooms, lighting outlets, etc.) helps clients to better monitor and manage different equipment for energy-saving purposes.
Smart building solutions can be applied not only in commercial writing buildings, but also in hospitals. American groups offer solutions that do not only involve the control of the entire building (e.g. elevator systems, parking systems, lighting systems, heating equipment, energy systems, fire protection systems, etc.), but they can also be monitored for the internal breakdown of the building.
And management, such as transportation robots, infusion equipment, etc.
Figure 3: Show of Smart Medical Products: Smart Refusal Viewboard Figure 4: Presentation of Smart Medical Products: Energy Efficiency Management Chart 5: Presentation of Smart Medical Products: Robot Management
On January 17, 2024, the American Group (00033ch) American Group provided customers with a predictive maintenance solution for water machines.
The entire building has an important role to play in temperature control. The American group has developed a "water machine predictive maintenance" service designed to address the pain of the current user. The past post-sale pattern has often been that customers have discovered problems with the water machine and have volunteered for post-sale services, while the value of "predictability" is that the American group has changed the past post-sale model.
, by effectively monitoring the operational status and working data of the water machine, proactively contacting clients and performing corresponding after-sales services before problems arise, helping clients to improve overall building efficiency.
Multi-connected is a type of central air conditioner, commonly known as “one tow” – an outdoor machine connected to two or more indoor machines for two or more days. A more than 2,000-person writing building usually requires more than 26 on-lines, and a multi-connected monthly electricity consumption of over 2,000 degrees, 30% of which is inefficient or wasted.
The American group has launched a multi-connected intelligence service to help clients improve the efficiency of their equipment and save energy by monitoring multiple online devices, providing monthly multi-line running analysis reports, providing data such as suspected memory locks, temperature runs, electricity consumption, monthly openings, etc.
Figure 7: Monthly report on multi-connected digital intelligence services
Measurement and analysis, e.g., setting equipment with low/high cooling temperature digitized solution for high-efficiency rooms, i.e. high-efficiency air-conditioning chillers, with a performance factor (cop) above 5.0 and better than the normal machine room approximation
The American group provides a full-chain machine room solution, covering design, equipment, control systems, etc., and provides energy efficiency commitments. According to the projects currently in use (the Fair of American Happiness and the International Medical Academy), managers and energy consumption have decreased by more than 50% and 30%, respectively.
Figure 9: Presentation of products/services: Digitalized solutions for the full chain of high-efficiency rooms (00033ch)
Airports: Airports tend to be in the form of efficient refrigeration and centralized heating, generally promoting the demand for more efficient refrigeration units with more general performance. The advantage of the American group is that it has a very mature heating operation, supported by a system-controlled structure and a control logic algorithm, through streaming air conditioners,
End-of-end equipment, such as wind tubes, to achieve efficient cooling of air terminals, information buildings, galleries, etc., supported by air terminal buildings, Beijing Daesing Airport, Chengdu Capital Airport, etc.) Orbital traffic: trends in green, intelligent subways, and minimizing access to ancillary facilities, etc.)
Needs such as area, construction efficiency, and the use of assembly-efficient rooms or water-cooled straight-in systems as a cooling option can significantly reduce carbon emissions compared to conventional rooms.
Together with projected load changes, timely adjustment of wind, frozen water flow and cold water unit load rates to reduce total energy consumption and control fluctuations of the system while meeting the temperature and humidity of the house, and to ensure space comfort within the station. The project has now reached Guangzhou Lines 7 and 22, Shanghai Line 2 and 14 and Shenzhen 11.
Commercial space solutions American groups based on their niche business have expanded to a variety of commercial areas to provide access to customers in different industries.
Solutions, including space comfort solutions, commercial space elevator solutions, etc.. For example, given the space comfort solution, there is a high demand for the indoor environment due to the high flow of commercial spacers, while air conditioning has the effect of forming important elements of the indoor environment, with different wind speeds, temperature, noise, humidity, new wind, etc.
Industry clients design space solutions: Catering industry: the bottom is focused on the cold wind that concerns customers, and the beauty comes out through the ring, the wind is embedded, the wind rises from the traditional four sides to the wind, avoids winding and safeguards.
Hotel industry: The beauty provides a full-scale solution to the Chinese conglomerate, covering load computing, synthesizing, comfort analysis, etc., and ultimately improves to avoid the pain of blowing the bed head. The beauty conglomerates (00033ch)
Smart industrial energy solutions, driven by national and local policies, the needs of enterprises for their own development, and energy efficiency for carbon emissions and the management of carbon assets, have become important issues in the process of industrial green emission reduction transitions.
Solutions for the same scene, covering new energy sources, automobiles, chemicals, electronics, from energy side (photovoltage, storage, etc.) to energy equipment (lighting, heating, etc.) to digital management platforms, using hardware and digital control platforms as final products to provide energy delivery services to industrial customers, such as energy efficiency assurance epc
• Chart 12: Energy Solutions for Smart Industries: New Energy Industries Figure 13: Energy Solutions for Smart Industries: Chemical Industries
Figure 14: America's group linvol elevator product display Figure 15: elevator life cycle management
In addition to selling hardware, linvol is equipped with an accompanying digital control system that allows users to view the elevator's operational status at the mobile end, the maintenance time, the elevator failure alerts, etc.
At present, the linvol elevator product is equipped with an accompanying control system at a price lower than about 30% of the elevator tap Mitsubishi, and is competitive in the market where the accompanying control system does not yet have a model for labelling.
American Group (000333ch) American Group (000333ch) Silver International
On the 10th floor of Man Yee Building, 68th in Hong Kong.