The price of potassium fertilizer is expected to continue to rise, and the production of lithium from salt lakes is on-line - the study brief from the Tibetan Holdings (000408)
The company is the second-largest potassium fertilizer company in the country with an annual capacity of 2 million tons, with a large stock of potassium salt and lithium resources. It is a resource-based potassium fertilizer based on the resources of potassium salt from the Salt Lake of Charkhan, Qinghai Province, with a capacity of 2 million tons per year, and a production of about 1.85 million tons in 2017. The company's mining area is located in the Salt Lake of Charkhan and the Salt Beach Salt.
One of the largest deposits of potassium magnesium soluble in our country, and one of the largest in the world, is the Lake Charkhan Salt, which is located in the north-west of the mineral-rich Zayda wood basin, an integrated field dominated by potassium salt with lithium, magnesium, and mannitros. The company owns 724 square kilometres east of the Zalkhan Salt Lake railway.
The reserve of adequate potassium salt and lithium resources provides guarantees for the company’s continued development. The 10,000-ton battery-grade lithium carbonate project is now operational, and the salt lake lithium is an important growth point in the company’s performance.
In August 2017, the company entered the new energy industry and decided to build a new battery-grade lithium carbonate project with an annual output of 20,000 tons.The unit, compared to the trend of 300 tons deep, is currently being provided by Blue Xiaotech with a phase of a 10,000-ton/year project for a salt lake halogenated lithium device (contracted at $580 million).
Under construction, according to the announcement, production will continue in the second half of 2018. We measure that this project has a full cost of lithium carbonate at around $30,000 per ton, and that the current domestic price of lithium carbonate is 85,000 yuan per ton, which is very profitable. Based on a conservative estimate of lithium carbonate at $60,000 per ton, yielding 8,000 tons in 2019, the project is expected next year.
After the completion of the first 10,000-ton project, the company will promote the construction of an additional 10,000-ton production capacity in the second phase, and lithium salt lakes will be an important point of growth in the company’s performance in the coming years. The contract price for the 2018-2019 potassium fertilizer cfr will increase by $60 per ton, and the price of potassium fertilizer is expected to rise steadily.
On September 17, 2018, China’s Potassium Fertilizer Joint Negotiating Group and bpc (Belarus Potassium Fertilizer) increased China won/tonne to the current 2420 yuan/tonne, up 18%. Against a background of high global supply and demand for potassium fertilizer, we judge that the price of potassium fertilizer in China is expected to continue to rise in 2019, thus driving the company’s potassium fertilizer business to continue to improve.
The scarcity of lake resources, for the first time covered, gave a “recommended” investment rating; the price of potassium fertilizer fluctuated over time, and the company's lithium salt lake project was less advanced than expected; and the company's financial statement data projections were summarized.
In July 2011, he graduated from the Chinese University of Mines (Beijing) and from undergraduate studies in chemical engineering and crafts, and from postgraduate studies in mineral processing (coalization). Wang Jing Jing, Wuhan University, Bachelor of Economics, Nanjing University, Master of Finance, joined the People ' s Democratic Securitization and Chemical Team in July 2018. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consultancy, as awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used in the report are derived from the Compliance Channel.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,