M.M.I. (300760) Medical biomedical devices, release of draft employee holding plans, further refinement of long-term incentive mechanisms
In the evening of 19 January 2022, the company released its 2022 employee holding plan (the " Kuo Plan " ). The employee holding plan is intended for the company’s core workforce and technical cadres, for a total of no more than 2,700 people, and the price of the company’s repurchase is 50 yuan/stock.
The shares awarded under the employee holding plan were unlocked in three stages, one third, one third, one third and three per period, respectively, at the company ' s monthly and 36 months, and the combined rate of growth of net profit returns was 20 per cent, highlighting the firm ' s continued and rapid growth confidence.
This performance appraisal of the employee holding plan corresponds to the cost of the parent ' s net profit for 2022-2024 and the real increase in net profit in 2022 of over 24 per cent, highlighting the company ' s continued rapid performance.
In addition, the target audience for this incentive is wide-ranging and the 2,700 core technical or business personnel -- 2021/10/20 (not involving company directors, supervisors and senior managers) are contributing to a healthy business.
The central strength of development: 50 bucks/shareholding costs reduce the financial burden on staff. And effective mid-year review: steady growth at a high base, better integration of individual career planning, income improvement and corporate development of core cadres.
Repurchase shares demonstrates management confidence in the organization and talent potential of the domestic market: the new infrastructure business has reached 20 billion, and 10 billion more spaces have been created in thousands of counties.
Reporting: acquisition of raw material supplier hytest, i.e. benefiting from continued national commitment in the field of health care, replacement of critical period priorities with medical new capital projects for quality difficulties
Large cities, including far north, are gradually expanding to other cities. According to company statistics, orders -- 2021/05/16 down to the end of 2021 -- have been cut off and, from the point of view of Murray ' s market access, the current medical service in the country.
The project is currently well under way at $20 billion for the new infrastructure facility. (2) On 27 October 2021, the National Health Board published the Integrated Capacity Improvement Programme for the District Hospitals of the “Kill Districts Project” (2021-2025), which clearly states that the promotion of the provinces and municipalities will be facilitated.
High-quality medical resources have sunk into the county area, reaching a level of capacity at least 1,000 district hospitals nationwide in 2025. According to the company, the business opportunities offered by the “Kill District Project” are expected to reach $10 billion over the next few years from the point of view of Murray’s market access.
As medical inputs and resources sank, future hospitals and medical machines at and below the county level will gradually become the focus of increased construction, and the duration and scope of the new medical infrastructure in the country will be further expanded.
Strength, holistic and holistic solutions, and the “3R” ecosystem are better suited to medical needs, as well as to support the construction of intelligent hospitals. Overseas markets: to continue to break through empty high-end customers, opening up greater market space.
The company ' s breakthrough of 700 high-end blank customers in the international market in 2020 exceeded the sum of the top-end clients of the past year, resulting in an unprecedented increase in corporate branding worldwide and a complete opening of the company ' s new position in the international market.
The company has achieved a further breakthrough of 400 high-end blank customers (about 300 in emerging markets and about 100 in the European market) and 300 high-end customers, respectively, who are co-locating their sales, and the future growth of international markets will move to a new level.
In the aftermath of the epidemic, many governments around the world face greater fiscal pressure, government-led public health projects, and private-health-group procurement are more price-sensitive. This is the case for Murray, who is operating efficiently, has a high value for product, has a good product line, and has the advantage of a holistic solution.
An important factor of benefit. Companies now hold only a few places in the offshore market. In the long run, the company’s greater market space and opportunities for growth come from overseas markets, especially emerging markets, and so its market presence in emerging markets will also move towards the country’s target.
Combine the internal market while continuing to penetrate more top European and American customers.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report