Researchchand developmentcenter equity incentives to bind core staff, growth targets for the long term
19 January 2022, equity incentives to bind core staff, growth targets for the long term.
Murray Medical (300,760) incident: On 19 January 2022, the company released the Shenzhen Murray Biomedical Electronics Co. Ltd. ' s 2022 Staff Holdings Plan (draft), which proposed a total of 1 billion yuan worth of shares to be bought back.
The amount of 3,048,662 units is used for the employee holding scheme, which is intended for the company's core technical or business personnel, with no more than 2,700 participants, and the employee's subscription is 50 yuan/unit.
Incentives are directed at the company’s core technical or business personnel, whose total participation does not exceed 2,700, which is the backbone of the firm’s sound and orderly development. Lower shareholding costs help to reduce the financial burden on the staff and effectively carry out individual occupations with a core core.
Performance appraisal targets highlight the firm’s long-term development confidence. This time, the employee holding program was unlocked in three stages, 12 months, 24 months, 36 months, and one third of the industry.
However, incentive costs do not affect performance objectives, such as the elimination of shares to be amortized, performance appraisals, and a win-win between the company, shareholders and core staff.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Lee Yutsu, member of the team, Doctor of Medicine, Beijing Institute of Association and Medical Sciences. Five years of professional experience in the pharmaceutical industry. He worked in BioMerière, Baker Mankulte (Danah Group) and he had a great deal of practical experience. He joined the Sindha Securities in July 2021, and was responsible for research on the medical equipment plate, and was a brilliant member of the team, Master of Pharmacology, Shanghai Transport University. He worked in clinical coro at ppcjam and Parexel, and joined the letter in 2021.
• Research on the cxo industry; research on vaccines, blood products, medicine and consumption; research on scientific services and small molecular innovation.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.