Event evaluation 2022: roll-out of the Staff Holding Plan for the long period 20/01/2022 : company launch of the Staff Holding Plan 2022, to reach no more than 2,700 core staff and
The technical backbone awarded about 3.05 million shares, or 0.25 per cent of total equity, at a price of $50/gi, which is a rigorous incentive test and highlights the firm ' s future confidence: 73 per cent of the year of the incentive review and a three-year compound growth rate of 20 per cent, taking into account the burden on performance of the share payment fee.
They believe that the goal of the test is a strong indication of the company’s confidence in its future performance. This employee holding scheme will provide incentives for the employees at a lower incentive cost. It will make it possible to really increase the workforce’s workload, effectively unify the interests of the core workforce and the technologists and the company’s shareholders.
Policy benefits for imports, and overseas market priorities break out: the 2020 epidemic mirrors the global national health emergency capacity deficit, and in May 2020, the National Development and Reform Commission and other departments co-published it.
Policy programmes such as the Capacity-Building Programme for Public Health Prevention and Treatment have opened up a “new infrastructure for medical care” that is dominated by large public health institutions. In December 2021, 10 departments, including the Ministry of Trade and Communications, jointly launched the “10-45” Development Plan for the Medical Equipment Industry, which covers seven main areas, such as guardianship and life support equipment.
The company, with its past service platforms, distribution channels, and the company’s finished product lines, is expected to take advantage of the policy and accelerate the pace of import substitution. At the same time, in the case of the epidemic, the company has acquired a large number of orders overseas, accelerating the flow of customers in public markets and high-end customers in various countries.
Breaking through, in a context of global economic risks and increased government fiscal pressure, companies are expected to further increase their market share by taking advantage of high-value products. • Actively nurture new businesses, opening up long-term growth space: towards the future post-epidemiology era, focus
In addition, we actively explore super-high colours, tri-annual reviews: performance matches our seed business of molecular diagnosis, or osteoporology. In micro-surgery, Hvpixelr 14k is super-high.
The company is expected to achieve a rapid increase in income with the synergy of the growing abundance of product lines and long-term deep-farm operating theatres.
Beast operations take full advantage of the company's technological reserves and product layouts in three major areas, and they've been reported in the middle of the year: performance is consistent with our expectations of products such as animal anesthesia machines, animal ultrasound, animal blood cell analysers, etc., which will be held by the company in the future.
“In the period of long-term growth of the company, there is a continuing interest in the forecast of profits and investment rating: considering the new capital pull and the continuing breakthrough in the overseas market, there is a need to improve the quality of the market.
Yearly and January 2021: Performance meets our expectations, long-term development.