Conlon became a new unit (a17160) reporting the outsourcing of the gold track for pharmaceutical research and development, the expansion of the industry contributed to higher growth, and Conlon became a well-structured new drug research and development production service, with 43 per cent compound growth in the last three years.
Conlon has become a leading company in the country for the outsourcing of pharmaceutical research and development, drug discovery and the development of drug production processes, which has grown in size from $790 million in 2014 to $2.29 billion in 2017, capr.
• The continued increase in the penetration rate of the pharmaceutical outsourcing industry, the global migration of the pharmaceutical outsourcing industry to Asia, and the introduction of domestic innovation markets into the blow-out period are expected to increase by more than 25%:
Benefiting from a steady growth in global investment in innovation drug research and development, research and development outsourcing has helped to accelerate the marketing of innovation medicines, the penetration rate of the pharmaceutical outsourcing industry has continued to rise (18 per cent in 2006 to 46 per cent in 2016), the global migration of the pharmaceutical outsourcing industry to Asia, the investment in domestic innovation drug research and development has increased by more than 19 per cent over four years, and Chinese medicine has increased at a combined rate of over 19 per cent.
The pharmaceutical R & D production services industry has entered a period of boom, from $3.33 billion in 2012 to 2016, when corporate pharmaceutical discovery activities were highlighted as the third-largest and second-largest country in the world, with high growth in the arts and cmc leading to back-end business development, such as cmo, with company performance expected to continue to exceed 40 per cent.
The Chinese pharmaceutical outsourcing industry maintained a 30 per cent increase in drug discovery in the cro market, with companies maintaining a 33 per cent increase in drug discovery operations, with 1.4 billion yuan in 2017, 61 per cent in revenue collection, third place in the world, 37.84 per cent in domestic cmc operations, 563 million yuan in 2017, and 25 per cent at present.
Corporate cmc covers clinical phase I and phase II, and corporate capital expenditure and fund-raising projects are working hard to expand cmo stage capacity to cover clinical phase III and commercial phase cmo operations. As the chain of drug research and development progresses, the scale of operations at various stages is expected to be scaled up, and the company is improving the drug by developing it.
The development of a business, which is expected to take over clients and projects in the company’s drug discovery business, creates greater synergies and provides a strong impetus for the development of the company’s business.
The pharmaceutical R & D production services industry is highly skilled and highly skilled, with companies having R & D-related reports of 4414 personnel, or 85% of the total workforce. The company is investing more in 18 furniture cmc in the world’s top 20 pharmaceutical companies, with M & A rates, net interest rates and roa below industry averages, and with Ann,
Full-scale evaluation, scale of cmc operations, Māori rates, net interest rates and roa are expected to continue to rise.
Conlong became the full-fledged pharmaceutical research and development outsourcing service provider 1.1 in laboratory chemistry and developed a full-flow service for drug research and development Conlong became an enterprise engaged in the production of new medicines, mainly for international pharmaceutical companies and new drug research and development institutions.
Services, including the design synthesis of small molecular compounds and their intermediates, process research and development, were established in Beijing in 2004 to start laboratory chemistry in drug discovery; during the period 2004-2008, operations were concentrated in laboratory chemistry at the drug discovery stage; and in 2008, Conron Tianjin was established to expand operations in cmc into drug process development and production.
At the same time, drug discovery operations were expanded to cover all stages of drug development, from laboratory chemistry to bioscientific research services; in 2009, the Department strengthened its safety evaluation operations and expanded its pre-clinical research operations through the acquisition of Kang Changping; in 2015, the company concluded a new round of financing projects to accelerate the distribution of the industrial chain by introducing external financial investors, such as the Chinese M&A Fund, the Confederate Capital, etc.; and in 2017, the United States acquired Xceleron.
Using its unique accelerator mass spectrometry technology to enhance the ability of companies to develop drug metabolism services at the drug development stage; acquired the United States snbl in 2017 and expanded its operations to clinical trial services. The company landed a unit in 2018, and its fund-raising projects focused mainly on the cmc service operations at the drug discovery and drug development stage.
Figure 1. The company has expanded its operations from drug discovery services to all stages of drug research and development The actual control of the company is that of Bolianglou (Berlian building), Xiaoqiang Xiang and Zhengbei, who have acquired or directly held 28.58 per cent of the company's shares and voting rights between the companies Conlon, Tianjin Longtai and Dotai Beijing.
Bolianglou is a brother-in-law with Xiaoqiang, Xiaoqiang is a spouse with Zhengbei, bolianglou, Xiaoqiang and Zhengbei together hold 31.73 per cent of the pre-distribution shares, and together they hold 28.58 per cent of the post-issuance shares and are the actual controllers of the company.
1.3 The company has 17 holding companies covering all stages of drug research and development. The company has 17 holding companies, including 8 wholly or indirectly owned domestic subsidiaries, and 9 holding foreign affiliates directly or indirectly.
Mainly responsible for the security assessment operations, Conron Tianjin, Conron Shashing, Conroningbo, Conlon (United Kingdom) are mainly involved in cmc operations, Conlon (United States) Clinical services are mainly involved in early clinical research operations.
1.4 Businesses are sound, home-grown growth is strong, and the size of the harvest is among the leading industries. Businesses are sound, with a company collection of 42.58 per cent in 2014-2017. Kang Yong became a leading company in the domestic pharmaceutical research and development production service sector, growing from 790 million yuan in 2014 to 2,29 billion yuan in 2017 and 42.58 per cent in cagr, with the country ' s high growth in pharmaceutical research and development services.
The size of the company’s collections is at the forefront of the industry. As an absolute leader in pharmaceutical research and development services, the company received $7.7 billion in 2017, and the company was in second place, with $2.29 billion in 2017.
The net profit in 2017, converted into a buying subsidiary, was $55.93 million, contributing less to the company’s profits, with the company largely relying on endogenous growth to drive performance growth.
In May of that year, Ning Bo Contebo was acquired to strengthen the capacity of the company cmc services, build a closed link in drug research and development, and enhance operational synergies.
Conlon has been transformed into a system of drug research and development services based on universal global standards for research and development, providing global clients with research, development and production solutions, and establishing stable cooperation with 18 of the top 20 multinational pharmaceutical companies globally, with long-term clients including Aslikon,
The company’s drug research and development services cover diseases such as tumours, metabolic diseases, cardiovascular diseases, central nervous systems, pain, respiratory systems, asthma/immunisation and anti-infection.
Domestic pharmaceutical outsourcing and industry companies include Ming Kande, Conlong, Teg, Tsien, Psychiatry, Bozi, Kaleying, Boteng and Kyushu.
Pharmacy Mind, the most comprehensive industry in the country’s pharmaceutical research and development production services, provides a full-stream service from drug discovery to drug commercial production, and a well-developed industrial chain. Tagger medicine is dominated by clinical trial phase operations, which provide clinical program design, clinical trial management, and clinical data statistical analysis.
The new medicine industry focuses on services such as pre-clinical safety assessment, pharmacological efficiency studies, and pharmacodynamics research. Pharmacology mainly provides small molecular drug discovery services that can improve the success rate of drug synthesis in the development of new drugs.
Karen, Boteng, and Kyushu Pharmacy provide mainly clinical process development and preparation and production and commercialization of process optimization and scale production services, such as new drug intermediates, raw materials, and preparations. Conlong is made to focus on drug discovery, extension to cmc, safety evaluation and clinical research services, and comprehensive business layout.
Conlon became a full-scale industrial layout, 2.2 the company's drug discovery business developed in conjunction with drug development operations Conlon's main operations include drug discovery and drug development services, drug discovery includes laboratory chemistry and biological sciences, drug development kits, etc.
Cyanc (chemical, manufacturingandcontrol, mainly production processes, impurities studies, quality studies, stability studies, etc. pharmacological research, which is a very important part of the drug declaration data), evaluation of drug safety, clinical research services, etc. Laboratory chemistry is the core and cornerstone of small molecular drug discovery research, the starting point for the company's business development, and the company's design is mainly provided.
Services such as small molecular compounds and intermediate molecular compounds such as polythium nucleium, and biosciences are also important components in drug discovery, and companies provide clients with services such as in vitro biology studies of compounds, external screening of compounds, pharmacology studies, target identification and drug metabolic dynamics studies.
The company ' s cmc operations provide services to pharmaceutical enterprises, mainly at the drug development stage, such as chemical, agent process development, and small-volume production. Clinical research services include services such as radiation compound labelling and synthesis, pre-clinical drug metabolism research, bioavailability of clinical drugs, and bioequivalency research, focusing mainly on clinical i.
The Drug Safety Evaluation Service provides pre-clinical safety evaluation research services that meet glp standards for clinical applications for new medicines, including services such as toxicological research.
Clinical research articles Utilization, metabolic balance and metabolic characteristics and product identification, drug interaction studies, bioequivalency studies, drug distribution studies, etc.
Drug discovery is the core business of the company, which has remained at more than 60 per cent in recent years, 61.3 per cent in 2017, and Māori drug discovery has become more visible in terms of the scale of operations, the rapid growth of drug development operations, the increasing scale of drug discovery operations (laboratory discovery and biosciences), and drug development (cmc, safety evaluation and clinical research)
The scale of the drug discovery business grew from 780 million yuan in 2015 to 1.4 billion yuan in 2017, with a capr of 33 per cent, and the Māori rate shows an increase in the Māori drug discovery rate from year to year
The company collects 46% of laboratory chemistry in 2017, 25% cmc, and 15% biosciences. Laboratory chemistry as a core business of the company has a smaller share, with 46% of laboratory chemical camps in 2017; the biosciences industry accounts for 15% in 2017; the cmc business accounts for 25% in 2017; and the drug safety evaluation operations have a more stable share, maintaining it.
The company ' s Māori composition: 54% laboratory chemistry in 2017, 25% biosciences, 18% cmc. The laboratory chemical Māori ratio has been in first place, with 54% Māori in 2017; the biosciences business has increased year by year, with 25% in 2017; Māori is relatively low in 2017 due to the fact that the company ' s cmc component is not involved in the post-clinical and commercial phase of operations and is influenced by the size of the clinical phase projects, and its Māori share in 2017 is relatively low.
Māori participation in clinical research increased from 17.91 per cent in 2017 to 4.66 per cent in 2017; drug safety evaluation operations were under investment, Māori Chart 16. Māori composition of the company's business portfolios 3. Reciprocal with domestic and foreign market opportunities, pharmaceutical research and development production services
3.1 Innovative medicines globally account for less than 10 per cent of prescriptions, but 77 per cent of the market size of the world ' s pharmaceutical markets have less than 10 per cent of brand-based prescriptions, but sales are higher than 77 per cent. As the world economy grows, people ' s standard of living improves, and research and development of new medicines is important for human health.
Market exclusivity, relative autonomy in pricing, and dominance in the medical market. In the global pharmaceutical market, brand patents have been marketed on a consistently higher scale than 70 per cent, and in 2017 brand patents have been marketed on a 77 per cent scale, reaching high levels in recent years, compared with a decline in the prescription of brand patents from year to year, reaching 9.7 per cent in 2017.
The supply of generic drugs has continued to increase for regulatory reasons, with generic prescriptions rising from year to year, global generic prescriptions rising from 85.8% in 2017, global generic prices declining to 13%. In the future, the market for generic medicines is expected to continue to grow as national pharmaceutical authorities continue to increase their generic approvals, and the market for generic medicines will continue to grow.
Figure 18. Global market sales of patented medicines over 70 per cent of the world ' s pharmaceutical market, 3.2. Global research and development on new medicines is gaining ground, investment in innovative medicines is growing steadily, 3.2.1 Global wind investment capital is accelerating access to new drug markets, and small R&D firms continue to grow in scale of financing.
With the adjustment of the pattern of pharmaceutical markets, large amounts of global wind investment have poured into the markets for innovative medicines. The scale of the global market for pharmaceuticals has risen significantly, from $5 billion in 2013 to $8 billion in 2016, and to 12.5% in Cagr from 2013 to 2016.
In 2014, q10 billion was peaked, with 31 biotech companies listed in ipo in a single quarter. Global wind investment has entered the pharmaceutical market, leading to an upsurge in the market for innovative medicines, especially small and medium-sized pharmaceutical companies and biotech companies.
Figure 21. Global biotech financing and high volume of ipo operations 3.2.2 Global pharmaceutical market R & D investment is growing steadily, and small R & D companies become active in the market for new medicines
As the wind’s investment capital accelerates, global and Chinese research and development investment in the pharmaceutical market sustains a steady growth in scale. In 2016, global investment in pharmaceutical research and development reached $145.5 billion, and is expected to reach $160 billion by 2021. Innovative drug research and development has emerged from a multifaceted quest for new treatments, unmet clinical needs, market influence, and profits.
There is a continuing upward trend, with the global increase in the number of research drug pipelines from 5995 in 2001 to 14872 in 2017, showing a relatively rapid increase in the number of research drugs. Figure 23. Global growth in research drug pipelines has been steady. Small (start-up) pharmaceutical enterprises and biotech companies have seen a faster increase in research and development inputs, with an increase in the number of new drugs approved by fda.
In 2017, the number of new medicines approved by fda was 23, with medium-sized pharmaceutical companies in second place, reaching $68.1 billion in 2017, an increase of 7.24 per cent in 2017.
The number of new medicines approved by fda is five. Small-scale pharmaceutical companies and biotech companies are spending the fastest on research and development, with $10.5 billion in 2017, an increase of 14.13 per cent over the same period. It is expected that the growth in research and development by small-scale pharmaceutical companies and biotech companies will continue at a high rate.
Twenty-three, representing 39% of the total number of new medicines approved by fda over the same period, are expected to rise to 47% in 2022, and the number of new medicines approved by small-scale pharmaceutical companies and the Department of Biotech will maintain the upward trend. Small-scale pharmaceutical companies and biotech companies are becoming active on the market for new drugs.
Small pharmaceutical companies, biotech companies, and virtual pharmaceutical companies are science, technology, innovation, and light asset companies, and most of the product pipelines are in the development phase. The main difference between such companies and large pharmaceutical companies is their flexible organization, their focus on the development of certain types of drugs, their efficiency in research and development, and their commercialization depends on mergers and acquisitions or their collaboration with large pharmaceutical companies.
Pharmaceutical companies’ own light assets determine their preference for outsourcing relevant R & D production to drug R & D production services. Outsourcing of new medicines has accelerated the marketing of new medicines, and the penetration of new drug R & D outsourcing services in the global market has continued to increase steadily in scale.
3.3.1 The cost, duration and difficulty of research and development of new medicines, the availability of pharmaceutical research and development services, the cost, duration, success rate, and the rate of return on research and development investment in large pharmaceutical companies are decreasing each year.
Drug discoveries include, inter alia, target screening verification, pilot compound synthesis, candidate compound screening, pharmacoactive studies, etc., as a first step in the development of new drugs, the success or failure of later clinical trials is determined by the synthesis of candidate compounds, and the generally high number of compounds to be screened during the drug discovery phase is around 10,000, ranging from one to two years.
Preclinical studies include, inter alia, pharmacological studies, safety evaluations, pharmacodynamics studies, stability studies, development of new drug synthesis processes, screening of pharmaceutical molecules with pharmaceutical properties from about 250 candidate compounds, entry into clinical trial declarations, and new drug ind applications mainly for transmitting candidate compound data for preclinical research to national drug agencies and requesting clinical trials.
Clinical trials consist mainly of four clinical trials, where the number of cases admitted to the group during the different trial phases is not consistent and usually takes six to seven years. The success rate for the period from clinical i to clinical iii has been reduced from year to year and has fallen to 9.6 per cent in 2017.
The cost of new medicines from R & D to approval for listing has increased from year to year, with the cost of a new molecular entity rising to $2.5 billion in 2017, and the return on investment in large pharmaceutical companies has declined from year to year, to 3.7 per cent in 2016.
Large pharmaceutical enterprises, in order to reduce the R & D cycle, control costs and reduce the risk of R & D, gradually concentrate resources on developing their own core R & D industries, focusing on disease mechanics research and the discovery of new drug targets and the early stages of R & D, entrusting the industrial chain of drug compound screening and research and development, data acquisition analysis, clinical, commissioning or processing to pharmaceutical R & D production services
Industry, with the resources of pharmaceutical R & D production services, quickly organize highly specialized and experienced clinical trial teams within a short period of time to more effectively control R & D management costs and coordinate internal and external resource allocation. Outsourcing of pharmaceutical R & D can significantly reduce the length of drug development:
Through the advantage of a professional division of labour, the clinical trial phase can save 122 days, the pharmaceutical declaration phase can save 29 days, and the new drug can be speeded up. Figure 30. Medical outsourcing can save 122 days during the clinical trial phase.
As the cost of research and development of new medicines increases, success rates decrease, and pharmaceutical companies increasingly outsource part of their R & D operations to professional R & D production services. Global market penetration of pharmaceutical R & D production services continues to increase, from 18% in 2006 to 46% in 2016, and is expected to reach 54% by 2021.
As the cost of research and development of new medicines increases and the research and development cycle expands, more than 50% of the world’s pharmaceutical companies now choose to work with them and hire professionals to assist in new drug research and development. As the trend towards outsourcing of new medicines increases, the global market continues to grow faster, from $23.1 billion in 2012 to 2016.
The global cmo market grew from $35.7 billion in 2012 to 56.3 billion dollars in 2016, with the largest clinical stage in the global medical outsourcing market. The Euro-American medicine outsourcing market has matured, with a more stable profit margin, a more clinical phase of outsourcing, the largest market, and the production outsourcing market, with drugs found to be relatively larger than the pre-clinic market.
The size of the global market for outsourcing the clinical phase increased from $20.5 billion in 2012 to $32.4 billion in 2016, the size of the market for outsourcing the production phase increased from $16.1 billion in 2012 to $25.4 billion in 2016, and the preclinical and drug discovery phase from 12.1 per cent in 2012-2016.
Market size is $6.3 billion, with market size projected to reach $13.9 billion by 2021 and 8.1 per cent by 2016 and capr by 2016. Preclinical pre-clinical graph 34. The largest clinical phase of the global medical outsourcing market (Billions of United States dollars) 3.4 responds to domestic and foreign market opportunities, and China ' s pharmaceutical R & D production services industry thrives.
3.4.1 In the global movement of the pharmaceutical outsourcing industry to Asia, China has a favourable position in China, where preclinical research and development workers earn about half of what they are abroad. Because of the labour-intensive nature of preclinical trials, jobs represented by drug molecule screening require a large amount of duplication of work, and differences in the remuneration of research and development personnel have a direct impact on the overall cost of eventual preclinical trials.
The average salary of Charles River R&D staff was estimated at $42,913 a year, which, at the same exchange rate in 2016, was about 300,000 yuan, about double the annual salary of the drug Mind and Conlon to R&D staff. According to the Imf data, China ' s per capita income in 2017 was $8,865, well below the global level of major developed countries, with human costs.
In the United States and the European Union, there are no mandatory rules for the number of cases required for clinical trials, but only recommendations for the number of cases recommended for inclusion are based mainly on the statistical requirements. People. Nmpa recommends that the number of clinical cases in stage I be 20-30, the minimum number of clinical cases in stage ii be 100, and the minimum number of clinical cases in phase ii be 300.
We took the example of Arpadoni and Rhodes' curvatures from Henry Medicine, 71 for Rhodes Clinici Clinical I and 21, 350 for Rhodes Clinical II, 121 for Henish Clinical ii and 1243 for Henish Medicine.
391. The number of cases admitted to domestic clinical trials is significantly below foreign levels. The Chinese government has vigorously promoted the protection of intellectual property rights, encouraging innovation by strengthening intellectual property protection, and removing obstacles to the transfer of the pharmaceutical outsourcing industry to China.
The pharmaceutical outsourcing industry mainly serves the innovative medicines of multinational pharmaceutical companies and emerging research and development companies, with higher requirements in terms of technology levels, managerial competencies, intellectual property protection, etc. Clients choose pharmaceutical R & D production services to focus not only on reducing production costs, but also on firms’ leadership in new technology development, quality systems, intellectual property protection, etc.
The market for medical outsourcing in the United States dropped from 33.7% in 2012 to 24.9% in 2017, in Western Europe from 25% in 2012 to 17.1% in 2017, in China from 12.2% in 2012 to 19.2% in 2017, and in India from 12.2% in 2017.
The ratio rose from 8.3% in 2012 to 21.3% in 2017, and India’s pharmaceutical outsourcing industry grew rapidly, mainly because of India’s developed modeling of the pharmaceutical industry and the same language as Europe and America. Based on China’s low human cost, sufficient reserves of pharmaceutical workers, improved infrastructure, and sufficient supply and knowledge of basic chemical materials,
China’s enterprises are expected to gain a greater share in the future shift of the pharmaceutical R & D production services industry to the Asian region. 3.4.2 Domestic policies are conducive to innovation, domestic innovation markets enter the blow-out period. Domestic policies encourage innovation, and the approval and approval of medicines is significantly accelerated.
Policies such as the Opinion on Innovative Arms, the Good Laboratory Code Management System, the Bulletin on the Approval of Certain Policies for the Review of the Registration of Drugs, and the Pilot Programme for the Licensing of Medicines on the List, among others, have been found to speed up the review of new medicines, and to further promote the development and production of quality pharmaceutical research and development services and the emergence of the industry.
In recent years, national pharmaceutical companies have increased their investment in research and development, driven by policy incentives and industry development, and the domestic market for innovative medicines has entered the blow-out period. According to cde, the number of applications for innovative medicines produced in 2017 was historically high, at 171, an increase of 87% compared to the previous year, and the number of applications for innovative medicines in the first half of 2018 was 119, an increase of 95% compared to the same period, maintaining a high rate of growth.
The domestic market for innovative medicines has entered a period of rapid growth. Figure 45. The number of applications for innovative medicines produced in the country has increased in an explosive manner (in terms of variety). 3.4.3 China ' s pharmaceutical research and development production services industry has flourished, with a high growth rate of about 20 per cent in the industry.
China’s cro market has been growing at a rate of more than 20%. China’s cro market has grown from 18.8 billion yuan in 2012 to 46.5 billion capr in 2016, and China’s cmo market has been growing at a rate of 18%.
China’s cmo market grew from 13.8 billion yuan in 2012 to 27 billion yuan in 2016, with a capr of 18.27% and is expected to reach 62.6 billion yuan in 2021.
China maintains a high growth rate at all stages of the medical outsourcing market, with the largest and fastest market for outsourcing during the production phase. The largest market for outsourcing during China’s production phase, which reached $4.5 billion in 2016, is expected to reach $18.3 billion in 2021, 32.5 per cent in 2016-2021 and 32.5 per cent in 2016-2021, and the outsourcing of agent production.
4. Conlon is transformed into the third largest drug discovery in the world, a high 30 per cent increase in drug discovery in the 4.1 company, the third largest drug discovery in the world, covering mainly compound synthesis, target validation, compound screening, the discovery of precursor compounds, and the identification of clinical candidatures.
4.1.1 The high rate of growth of over 30% in laboratory chemistry and biosciences, which contributes to the high rate of drug discovery operations. The company's drug discovery business, which began with laboratory chemistry, has developed over a decade and now provides a full-flow service for drug discovery, including laboratory chemical and biological science services.
Laboratory chemistry is the core of the company’s drug discovery and the cornerstone of its development, and the company has extensive experience in the field of compound design and synthesis. Laboratory chemical operations revenue has increased from $645 million in 2015 to $1,054 million in 2017, with 27.67 per cent of cagr, and the Maori rate is raised year by year. Biosciences are an important part of the company’s drug discovery, and companies provide customers with in vitro and extra-biology research on compounds and external screening of compounds.
Services such as research on selection, pharmacology, target identification, and drug metabolic dynamics. Corporate revenues from biosciences increased from 136 million yuan in 2015 to 340 million yuan in 2017 and the cagr to 58% in 2017, and the Maori rate rose from 54.41% in 2017.
As new drug research and development continues to grow globally, the number of clients found by companies and the number of projects continues to increase, with the number of laboratory chemical clients increasing from 113 in 2015 to 156 in 2017 and the number of projects increasing from 601 to 892; The number of bioscience clients increased from 138 in 2015 to 278 in 2017 and the number of projects increased from 617 to 1373, maintaining a high rate of growth.
4.1.2 Drug discovery is a steady increase of 8 per cent in the global market and 30 per cent in the domestic market. Drug discovery is a multidisciplinary, collaborative and systematic exercise that can now provide a full process from drug target detection to the identification of clinically-selected compounds.
The global drug discovery market has grown steadily, from $6.3 billion in 2012 to $9.4 billion in 2016, 10 per cent for cagr and 10 per cent for penetration. Figure 54. The global drug discovery market has been growing at a rate of around 8 per cent, with China ' s drug discovery market at an early stage, with a market size of 33 million from 2012 owing to the late development of China ' s new drug research and development market.
The United States dollar increased to $109 million in 2016, cagr to 35 per cent, penetration increased from 11.2 per cent to 12.8 per cent, well below international levels, and is expected to sustain an outbreak growth in the drug discovery cro market by 2021.
Currently, the global drug discovery market is fragmented, but market concentration is increasing from year to year, with the world ' s top five firms increasing their market share from 13.9 per cent in 2014 to 16.4 per cent in 2016. The world ' s largest drug discovery industry, the Charles River Laboratory, accounted for 8.9 per cent in 2016.
The scale of the company's drug discovery is at the third largest in the world.
It was found that the bulk of the operations were the drug Mind and company, with the drug discovery income increasing from $1.963 billion in 2015 to $3.2 billion in 2017, the cagr from 27.67 per cent, and the Māori rate from 35 per cent to 46 per cent. Conlon ' s conversion into a drug discovery business income increased from 780 million yuan in 2015 to $1,395 million in 2017, the cagr from 33 per cent and the Māori rate.
From 27.6 per cent to 42 per cent, the company’s income from drug discovery claves increased from 39.8 per cent to 43 per cent of the drug’s mind, and the Maori rate is gradually approaching the drug’s mind.The company is engaged in the development of synthetic drug processes, the synthesis of clinical drug declaration samples, the production of clinically active drugs, and the important intermediates of the drug.
Research, development, and production activities. Currently, pre-clinical and clinical i-ii periods are dominated by the production of small quantities or kg-grade compounds. With the extensive implementation of the national licensing system for pharmaceutical listings, companies have been able to extend cmc operations to companies with marketed drugs and their raw materials.
Cmc, a small operation, increased its operating income from $296 million in 2015 to $563 million in 2017, with a capr of 37.84 per cent, maintaining high speed fda approvals for small molecules to maintain high levels of new drugs, and bringing huge cmc business demands to the pharmaceutical research and development production industry. In recent years, fda approvals for new drugs have remained high, with 47 innovations approved in the 10 months before 2018, of which 34, or 72 per cent, have been approved.
Maintaining a high level, which creates a huge commercial business demand for cmo enterprises. Chart 61. Small molecular drugs approved by fda in recent years remain high (in variety) 4.2.2 corporate cmc is in the top four of the country, all of which are orders for early clinical batches, technical barriers
Relatively high, with low asset input, Māori rates are significantly lower than those of peer-to-peer upgrades, where the company cmc earns 26.7% of the drug’s business and 100% of the clinical early business. Currently, the country’s cmo business is dominated by the drug Minding Condex (all-time industry), Kelleyin, Botten, Kochaku Pharmacy, and the company.
The Cdmo operation of Pharmacéncond has been ranked first in the industry, reaching $2.1 billion in 2017, of which 47.9 per cent were clinically early, 52 per cent were clinical, and 52 per cent were later and commercialized. The project was well structured and had the potential for sustained high-speed growth. In 2017, Kelley Incdmo earned $1.29 billion in business, Boteng earned $977 million in business, and Kyushu pharmaceutical Cdmo earned $977 million in business.
The company’s business income is $560 million, accounting for 26.7% of the drug’s drug Mind, and 100% of the clinical early business. As the mah system spreads across the country, the company is expected to expand its business in the commercial phase, and the future operations of the cmc are expected to enter a period of outbreak growth.
The company ' s comc operations remain close to 25%, and there is much room for improvement. Karen, because of his technical strength, the quality of the orders received, the sound structure of the project, maintains the Maori rate at a higher level and is around 50%;
Both the Botten shares and the Kyushu Pharmacy industry are highly volatile due to the relatively high commercialization phase, the greater impact of individual projects; Corporate cmc operations are all concentrated in early clinical stages, with a lower Māori rate, which is around 25 per cent, with a greater scope for upgrading. 4.3 Clinical research operations are 50 per cent hypervelocity growth, and industry chain synergies are emerging.
The company ' s clinical phase cro operations include, inter alia, early clinical trials and radiopharmacological studies, the provision of early clinical evidence to clients, including pre-test preparation, the selection of clinical test research institutions and researchers; assistance to applicants in preparing for ethics committee deliberations; and the design and implementation of clinical trial programmes with applicants, researchers and others, covering, inter alia, the first and second phases of clinical trials.
The cost of the clinical research phase is the largest component of the development of new medicines. The cost of the clinical phase is the largest in the development of new medicines, reaching 70%. 4.3.1 The company ' s clinical research co-operation grew by 52% in 2017, reaching 1,126 and Conlong (United States) clinical services. Corporate clinical research services earned 225 million yuan in 2017, an increase of 52% over the same period, with a Māori rate of 15%.
In 2017, the number of clients of company clinical research services increased to 314, and the number of projects increased to 1,126, maintaining steady growth. 4.3.2 The global market for clinical stage cro maintained a steady growth rate of 8-10 per cent and the Chinese market grew at a high rate of over 30 per cent.
The size of the Chinese clinical phase has grown from $700 million in 2012 to $1.7 billion in 2016, with 24.8 per cent cagr and a projected 2021 chart 68. The global clinical phase has seen steady growth in the market.
Domestic collusive pharmaceutical consistency evaluation has led to a significant increase in clinical demand. The domestic collusive drug consistency evaluation has been in the formal implementation phase since 2016, and, according to cde data, starting in August 2016, the number of be clinically registered in the country will remain high and will lead to a larger clinical coro market, with the company ' s clinical research colog at the top three levels in the country, with a significantly lower Māori rate than that of its peers.
The company’s clinical research core is located in the third place in the industry, with an income of 225 million and 13% of Teg’s medicine. The current, domestic, inter-cro-based, co-operation is dominated by Thai medicine, drug-ming Condé, Conlon-like, and Botzi medicine.
The company’s clinical phase has a record income of $225 million, 13% of Thai medicine, and is in third place in the industry. The company’s clinical phase is mainly conducted in the United Kingdom and the United States, with higher manpower costs, etc., resulting in a lower rate of company Maori, which was 15.34% in 2017.
Figure 71. The company’s clinical research corro business, with the size of Tag medicine, figure 72. The company’s clinical research coro business is well below the company’s clinical coro business of about 207, followed by Tag medicine and Bozi medicine. The company owns one of the leading researchers, the medical.
An experienced team of service support staff has successfully implemented more than 200 clinical i and ii trials, focused on infectious diseases, neurosis, skin, metabolic and respiratory diseases, i and ii trials. The company ' s clinical phase was 207 people in 2017, 7% of the Teg medicines.
The company provides pre-clinical safety evaluation studies that meet glp standards for clinical applications for new medicines, including toxicology, safe pharmacology, legacy toxicology, reproductive toxicology, immunotoxicity and immunotoxicity analysis. Preclinical safety evaluation is important for pre-clinical development.
The company ' s drug safety evaluation operations were carried out by the fully-funded subsidiary, Kang Changping, with operating income increasing from $50 million in 2015 to 95 million in 2017. Figure 74. The steady growth in corporate safety evaluation operations (billion dollars) in the global drug safety evaluation overcro market size increased from $5.5 billion in 2012 to $7.1 billion in 2016, and the cagr from 6.57 per cent in 2016.
The market size of China ' s drug safety evaluation cro market increased from $500 million in 2012 to $1 billion in 2016, with a capr of 18.9 per cent.
4.4.3 The company’s security rating is the third largest in the country, and the Māori rate is significantly lower than that of its peers, and the company’s security rating is the third highest in the domestic market, with 26 per cent of the Amping business, with a significant growth potential.
The agency has two glp centres in Beijing and Suzhou, of which Suzhou is the largest drug safety evaluation agency in the country, and Beijing and Suzhou have 75,000 m2 of animal facilities and glp laboratories that meet international standards, with nearly 700 staff working in the areas of inhaled drugs, ophthalmological drugs, central nervous system drugs and new biological products.
The subsidiary of the Pharmacéon Kandeh Safe Evaluation Service is Suzhou, with a glp centre in Suzhou, with a net profit from Pharmacism in 2017. Kang Long became the main security evaluation business, with a glp centre in Changping, with 180 employees and a net profit of $6.21 million in 2017.
The company’s security assessment income is 46% of the so-called new drug, the project is in the pipeline, and thus the Māori rate is significantly lower than that of comparable companies.
The income from the Indo-New Drug Safety Evaluation (ZINSA) has increased from 159 million yuan in 2015 to 204 million yuan in 2017, or 13 per cent for cagr and 46 per cent for Māori annually, with a negative Māori rate of -13 per cent in 2017, mainly due to the current investment period and high fixed cost of the company ' s Safety Evaluation Crop operations.
In the research and development process, drug research and development enterprises usually involve laboratory chemistry, bioscience,
Several cross-cutting disciplines, such as drug safety evaluation, chemical and agent process development, and production and clinical research services. Corporate research and development systems are comprehensive, synthetic technology pathways & leading in the methodological industry: Corporate research and development departments have laboratory chemistry, biological sciences, cmc, quality control and overseas industries, and cover companies.
The company has asymmetric synthesis technology, enzyme-catalytic reaction technology, photocommodity reaction technology, ultra-low temperature reaction, fluorine techniques and various special molecular bone structure construction techniques, as well as sugar chemistry, polythermium synthesis, nucleotide chain synthesis technology, polyethylene (peg)
Technologies such as long-acting modifiers meet the multi-faceted needs of clients. For antibody combination drugs that have emerged in recent years, companies are able to provide critical co-priced synthesis services that allow small molecule high-activity substances to be integrated in a suitable way with large-molecular antibodies and to break up in specific environments, with the number of technical R & D personnel at the forefront of the industry and 85% of research and development personnel.
In terms of the pool of high-end technical talent, the skill level of practitioners, project experience and the capacity to carry on projects are directly linked to the competitiveness of enterprises, with 4414 R & D producers, including 347 Ph.D. and 1540 M.A. scientists, 85 per cent of whom are in the forefront of the industry.
The company ' s core technical talent with a Ph.D. and a Master ' s degree or higher is 1,887 and the number of undergraduates and above is 37,752, after the Pharmacism 5.2 Client Barrier: the company ' s clients are mostly good pharmaceutical firms in developed countries in Europe and the United States, with 91 per cent offshore operations and greater business stability.
Enterprises engaged in innovative drug research and development, because of their long-term and high-risk financing characteristics, determine that pharmaceutical companies are very cautious in choosing partners for drug research and development, and generally have a longer period of time to visit new suppliers. Drug research and development services require a complete management, service and marketing system that provides services in the areas of research and development services, production management and quality system management and interfaces with clients, and that meet the research and development models of different clients.
The company’s business cooperation with clients generally begins in the early stages of drug research and development, and is highly sticky. In the global pharmaceutical market, Europe, the United States, and Japan’s share of the pharmaceutical market is more than 55%, dominated by pharmaceutical production uniforms.
Clients in the business sector are mainly pharmaceutical companies in developed regions such as Europe and America and Japan, and clients in domestic pharmaceutical R & D production services are mainly located in developed regions such as Europe, the United States, and Japan. Domestic pharmaceutical R & D production services account for more than 50% of their income from foreign operations, and Hong Kong for more than 91%.
A small number of companies, such as newer medicines, Bozi medicine, have a higher share of domestic business income than abroad, most of the pharmaceutical outsourcers have a higher share of foreign business income than domestic business income, and Karen and the company have a 90 per cent or more share of foreign business income.
In North America, business growth was high, with 64 per cent of income, and domestic business booms, with revenue rising year by year. In recent years, corporate North China’s business revenue surged, growing by 62 per cent year by year in 2017, business income rose year by year, reaching 8.67 per cent in 2017, and domestic business income is expected to rise gradually as domestic research and development on new medicines increases.
Companies’ main clients include 18 of the world’s top 20 pharmaceutical companies, which already cover more than 500 pharmaceutical companies, biotech R&D companies, and research institutes. The first largest client’s business income in 2017 was 8.37%, maintaining a downward trend, decreasing dependence on a single customer, and stabilizing performance.
Figure 88. Corporate income from the top five clients is decreasing over the years, business stability is improving (millions of dollars) 5.3 barriers of scale: companies are second in size and have a stronger scale effect
The company’s share of the domestic market is second only to that of Pharmacén Condé. Domestic pharmaceutical research and development services are more numerous and fragmented, with the country’s top eight firms accounting for only 26.02% of the domestic market in 2016.
The company’s share in the global market has been only 0.33%, and there is much room for growth. In 2016, the world’s share of pharmaceutical R & D production services was 36.57%, the market share was first, the market share was 9.88%, and the market share was eleventh.
The annual market share is only 0.33 per cent, and the market share of the company is expected to continue to rise as the company’s drug development business progresses. Māori rates, net interest rates and roa are below industry levels, the starting point of the company’s business is laboratory chemistry, and the effect of the size of the drug discovery plate becomes apparent as the company progresses in the field of drug discovery.
Māori rose gradually to 42 per cent in 2017, with the highest Māori rate in the biological sciences, 54.4 per cent, and laboratory chemistry, 38 per cent.In recent years, the company has gradually expanded its drug development portfolio, which is smaller, with a low Māori rate of 17.56 per cent, of which Cmc is only 23.59 per cent, safe evaluation operations are under investment, Māori is up to 13 per cent, and clinical institutions are in the United Kingdom.
Figure 92. Conlon ' s conversion into Māori is far below the industry average and shows a downward trend over the 6.2 period when the cost is lower than the industry average, due to scale effects, corporate management and sales rates below the peer average, and a continuous downward trend in the cost of company sales.
Rates were lower than industry averages and remained smooth, at 2.06 per cent in 2017; management rates were slightly lower than industry averages, by figure 95, owing to the significant effect of the drug discovery plate size
The net interest rate, the steady upswing of the roa, has the potential for sustained upscaling per capita output, per capita profits below the industry average, and higher margins. In 2017, the average per capita output of companies was 444,000 yuan, below the industry average.
In 2017, the company had a per capita profit of $6.39 million, well below the industry average of $794,000, and had a greater margin of improvement. Pharmacists had the highest average profit, at $157.3 million, and both Kaleying and Zulu had a higher per capita profit of over $100,000.
Figure 98. Corporate per capita profits are lower than the industry average (million yuan) Figure 97. Corporate per capita output is lower than the industry average, with an increase in net interest rates rising steadily and still below the industry average.
Figure 100. Companies affected by M&As are more volatile by Roe (%) Conlon became a (a17160) new stock depth report.
We believe that, with the global penetration rate of pharmaceutical research and development production services, the global migration of pharmaceutical research and development services to China, and the domestic development of innovative medicine well blow-outs, the domestic pharmaceutical research and development production services are in a high-promotion cycle, with a high growth trend of certainty. Kang Yong has become a leading company in the domestic pharmaceutical research and development production services, with drug discovery at its core, expanding drug safety evaluation, clinical research, and
Cmo operations, with industry-wide chain layout, high ceilings, and strong industrial synergies. Corporate cmo operations are now concentrated in the early stages of the clinical process and, as the company expands to the post-clinical and commercial stages, it is expected that clients and projects at the drug discovery, safety evaluation and clinical research stages will be transformed into cmo-phase clients and projects, and that the cmo operations will be expected to grow in an explosive fashion, with a strong view to the company ' s long-term development.
The risk of loss of core R & D, the risk of increased friction in trade between China and the United States.