Fukuyo Glass (600660) car, head up into the overseas market, sword to King of Global Stewardship, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Core logic: 1) 55 per cent of companies ' domestic municipalities, 19 per cent of global cities, and relative domestic growth in overseas markets; 2) expected higher value-added products relative to domestic markets by 2017, contributing to the increase in the gas estate, promising increases in costs such as pure alkaline, natural gas, etc., and increasing corporate Māori ratios; 3) GDP growth in domestic operations + overseas workers
The company’s losses have been reversed, contributing to greater elasticity of performance, and the built-in performance has increased faster than expected, net of exchange gains and losses; 4) it has also been rich in equity and has stabilized dividends. Global cities account for 19%, and overseas markets are expected to be the main battleground for companies to raise their share of the world’s markets.
In terms of merit, downstream client structure, companies competed with Xinzi, Slate Nico, San Goiban, Sini Glass, but were far ahead in terms of production processes, profitability and relative capital spending, and it is expected that companies will be able to spread their land in the overseas markets in the future with these three core advantages as masters of kings.
At the end of the cost, the price of the primary raw materials has turned back, together with foreign imports of natural gas are expected to land, and there is room for downside costs. At the end of the cost, the Māori ratio of the corresponding product has been raised by 3.9 pp. Considering the uncertainty and human cost of the cost, except pure alkali.
The company’s performance can be broken down into three segments: inward, inward, and outward, with 7% increase projected in 2017 in the sale of car glass; 5% expected increase in the sale of domestic and external products; and fair and fair external sales.
With the growth of domestic operations, the US and Russian plants are able to release their production into a new cycle, looking at the company’s performance over the next three years. The market thinks that the exchange rate is 1. Fancy glass (60660): the volume price rises and the elephant rises.
3. Glass of Favour (600660): In 2017, car-bonds rose to the new steps (2017-03-21), with high value added products increasing by at least 6 per cent compared to the boosted car products;
2) A 20 per cent reduction in the price of pure alkaline and a 3.9 pp increase in the Maori rate, subject to a 6 per cent increase in product asp and other constant costs; 3) in 2017, the increase in the sale of glass for domestic sales was at the same rate as for the automobile industry, at about 7 per cent; the increase in the sale of glass for domestic sales was increased by 2 per cent for overseas sales and 3 per cent for new orders, totalling about 5 per cent;
In terms of export sales, in 2017 US-Russian factories produced 2.8 million units, and new production capacity was absorbed by hand orders.
Global cities account for only 19 per cent (15 per cent in Central America and 10 per cent in Europe), and there is much room for opening up in overseas markets such as the Americas and Europe, and global markets for the glossy glass are far from being reached. 2) Markets are not sufficiently aware of the competitive advantages of the glossy glass. Markets have come to realize that the glossy glass is more profitable than the glossy glass.
Competing competitors, but not yet aware of the two central advantages of leading the production process and relative capital spending. We believe that the future of the glass is expected to be a master of the global carbohydrate with the three core points of competitiveness.
In 2016, the US and Russian factories lost about $320 million in total. In 2017, the US and Russian factories continued to produce production, are expected to produce 2.8 million units of capacity, all of which can be absorbed by hand orders, and overseas factories are expected to lose their profits and contribute more elastic performance. 4) The market believes that the speed of the appreciation of the glazing glass will be more affected by the exchange gains than it will be in the future.
In dealing with the impact of past years and future exchange gains and losses, the net profit of the mother found that there was still 26% growth in the company’s performance in 2016, and the growth in the division is more certain, and we appreciate the company’s performance over the next three years and the long-term logic of rising global city rates. The output of the carbide rose; the cost of pure alkalis, natural gas, etc. went down; and the increase in the share of overseas cities exceeded expectations.
15x, 14x, 12x. fcff's absolute valuation of $23.61 and ddm's absolute valuation of $19.08. We believe that the absolute valuation does not reflect the characteristics of the golden glass's greatest potential for growth in the five largest parts of the global bovine industry, the risk of rising prices of raw materials being removed from exchange rates over the next three years; the release or non-realization of overseas capacity; and the risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
The glass is one of the world's leaders in the autoglass industry. The domestic market is one of the world's leaders. The glass was established in China, in 1987, and was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Exchange in 1993 and 2015, respectively.
The "a+h" model of two major capital platforms, both inside and outside the country. After nearly three decades of development, the glass has left the vast majority of competitors behind, building modern production bases in China's 16 provinces and cities, as well as in the United States, Russia, Germany, Japan, South Korea and elsewhere, for Benly, Benz, BMW, Ody, General, Toyota, People, Ford, Chrysler, etc.
The multi-car factory, which provides global Oem support services and a complete package of car glass solutions, was rated by the major car manufacturing firms as “one-size-fits-all suppliers.” The Glosso Glass, which began exporting car glass abroad in 1991, was synchronized with the overseas mainframe plant in 2004.
In 2013, preparations were made to build overseas plants, and in 2016 US-Russian factories became operational and the production of globalization was officially inaugurated.
Mr. Cao DeWang, who controls the glass, holds 16.1% of the company's shares directly and indirectly. Since Cao DeWang holds a 100% share in the development of the triad, the same family is actually controlled by Xiaohua Industrial Village Development Company Ltd. (with 1.4% share in Fukugi Province) and the head of the Ha-in Charitable Foundation (with 11.6% share in Fukuyo) is Cao Deok-chung.
Mr. Devon's brother, so the co-operators held 29.1% of the Convergence Glass, which now consists of 45 holding companies and two participating companies.
The main raw material -- floating glass -- is used for self-sufficiency, with floating glass having a self-sufficiency rate of between 80 and 90%. In 2016, 97.1% of the glazing glass camp continued to perform well, with 16 years of net profit and 17q1 performing as expected. In 2010-2016, the size of the glossing glass camp rose year after year (income has been rising steadily since the market), and the net profit of the parent grew significantly.
The average annual compound increase is about 12%, and the average annual compound gain is about 10%. The overall performance of the glass is good, and recent developments have been particularly impressive.
This represents an increase of 22.5 per cent and a net return of 3.140 billion yuan, or 20.7 per cent for the same year. 17q1 performance is as expected, with an operating income of 4.2 billion yuan, or 17.7 per cent for the same year, according to the company's quarterly report, and a net return of 690 million yuan, or 18.8 per cent for the same year, and a higher rate of growth in revenue and net gains than in the overall automobile sector.
With strong profitability, the Māori rate has been growing year by year. Fortune glass roe has remained at more than 20% a year, with a slight decline in roe in 2015 as a result of market financing in Hong Kong, but the level of roe is still at a high level, as the project progresses in overseas factories.
With the release of production and performance, Roe is expected to return to 20%.
Figure 11: Fry Glass Māori Rates, Net Interest Rates and Three Rates
Component consortia have a strong international competitive advantage in some of the key core technical areas; by 2025, they will have formed a number of firms that have entered the top 10 cars’ parts and components globally. As a big blue build-up of auto parts and components a and a giant global carbo, it is hoped that the new era will be developed with a smoother policy.
Two hundred billion spaces remain unexplored, with three major markets dominated by 2.1 car glass from previous life to industrial chain development history: from flat glass to safe glass. In the 1930s, flat glass was widely installed in the United States.
During the following decades, a variety of safety glass — laminated glass, steeled glass, and regional steel glass — has gradually emerged from the t-car from the National Ford factory, which has greatly improved the performance of the car glass.
Development status: Consumption upgrades and high-value-added products are becoming more permeable. Today, in response to growing consumer demand, people are integrated into antennas, electronic components, hotlines, etc., based on traditional glass, to achieve reception of signals, provision of back-up images, water protection, heating, etc., and the penetration of high-value car glass products is increasing.
Trends: rising volume prices. Industry ceilings are far away. The increase in skylight penetration and the tilting of front windshields have contributed to the growth in the use of car glass, the gradual penetration of high value added products and the acceleration of value-added production processes have driven the price of car glass to higher levels, and the logic of the autoglass industry ' s self-carried volume increases its market capacity from year to year, and the industry ' s ceilings are still far away.
Industrial chain analysis: Floating glass is the original support material for car glass. Floating glass is a alkali lime silicate glass produced through continuous melting and floating on metal tanks, which is surface-parallel, smooth, and transparent. The main raw materials for producing floating glass are stone sand, pure alkaline, limestone, etc. The downstream market for car glass includes oem and am markets.
Because car glass is a highly unlabelled product and the windows of different car types need to be re-engineered, in oems, the design, development and appliance of car glass suppliers is extremely demanding for the entire factory, which takes up to 2.5 years from the planned establishment of a new vehicle project to the final volume of production.
2.2 The global carbon market has a capacity of nearly 90 billion, and in 2016 it had a capacity of 86.4 billion. The downstream of the car glass includes the oem and am markets, which are not related to car production, car holdings. Based on 2016 production and holdings data, conservative estimates of the city ' s capacity are as follows:
For the oem market, the global production of 949.8 million new vehicles in 2016 corresponds to 94.9 million glass units; for the am market, the global vehicle holdings in 2016 are estimated to be 1,337.15 million. According to the data provided by the Fukuoka glass, the total demand for gas from the oem and am market is 12.339 million units.
In 2016, the market for car glass was 86.4 billion yuan.
China, the Americas, Europe are the main global automobile markets. In terms of automobile production, China, the Americas, Europe account for 30%, 22%, 23%, respectively, and 75%, respectively; and China, the Americas and Europe account for 15%, 31%, and 30%, respectively, of automobile holdings, respectively, and 76%, respectively.
In China, the Americas, Europe, and Europe are the main markets for automobile glass, with a total capacity of about $20 billion. Because European car brands are mostly high-end, American brands are also very high-middle-end, and Europe, America, and China have a slight difference in the average price of each set of car glass.
According to China, the Americas, and Europe, the global market for car glass is 86.4 billion yuan, of which China, the Americas, and Europe are the main car glass markets, with market capacity of 19.3 billion yuan, 20.8 billion yuan and 24.1 billion yuan, respectively.
The competitive advantage of 3 is highlighted by the fact that the Fukuga Glass Overseas City has a high rate of increase of 3.1 foreign firms, and Fukuyo Glass is the newest industry. In 2006, the Japanese Pinocchio acquired the British company Kimpilton Motor Glass, and in 2016, the United States pg sold the flat glass.
After the business went to vitro.s.a.de.c.v., the global car glass market became more concentrated, and there are currently five major global car glass suppliers: thitro, titanium, San Goiban, Shini Glass, and Fulbright Glass. The parent company of Xi Niko is Japan’s largest corporate group, Mitsubishi Group.
In the context of Japan’s heavy vehicle production relative to that of Japanese firms, Xinazin is a big group with a strong Mitsubishi car that is strong enough to take the lead in the global car glass market. Compared to the other four big players, Xinzi’s total assets are the second largest in terms of total revenue.
The company's parent company is one of Japan's three main groups. Friends in business, friends in life insurance companies, friends in electric power companies, and friends in the world are 500, and the group's strength is not negligible.
In 2016, it lost its performance as a result of the deterioration of China and Brazil. The bulk of the glass product, which is car glass, accounted for 50%. The San Goban Group is one of the world’s top 100 industrial groups, with the world’s 500th largest, 196th and 100th largest, in 2016.
San Goban has been listed on exchanges in Paris, London, Frankfurt, Zurich, Brussels, and Amsterdam. St. Goban has the largest assets and collections among the five major players.
Sini Glass is one of the leading international producers of high-quality floating glass, and one of China’s major car glass producers. Shini Glass is the smallest of the top five, after four other manufacturers, regardless of the size of the total asset, the size of the collection or the number of the labour. Its product structure is similar to that of titanium, the main product of which is glass, with car glass accounting for 29% of the revenue.
Over 3 per cent, for simplification purposes, the 2016 fiscal year of titanium is treated as a comparable period; the end-of-year exchange rate of the total assets of the companies is converted and the average exchange rate of the parent net profit is converted) The five-large car glass business analysis 1) Globalized industry layout analysis: Tsumi, Tsumi and San Goban are almost complete due to the company ' s long history
The spherical construction plant layout, with Shinji and Fukuoka glass as the back of the show, has just opened up the offshore construction. Fukuoka glass is in the U.S. State Dayton Motor Glass Plant and Mansan Floating Glass Plant (purchased from the U.S. ppg in 2014, remodeled into two floating glass production lines), a car glass factory and floating glass factory in Russia, which is in the process of being installed in Germany.
Preparations are under way. The new floating glass factory in Malaysia was set on fire in 2015 and no car glass factory has yet been built overseas. 2) Upstream and downstream analysis: all five giants extend the industrial chain upstream, mainly to Asia, Europe and the Americas.
Markets. Five giants produce floating glass as raw materials for car glass to avoid upstream supply instability and reduce the cost of raw materials.
3) Products and customer analysis: The competitive composition of the glass products and the downstream customer structure are not as good as the foreign capital giants. The five big players can produce high-value-added products, of which the nitros are the most diverse and the other giants are the same. With regard to the structure of the tourist households, the five big players have the highest number of high-end clients downstream of the San Goi class, including Porsche, Laceles, Ferrari, Ma.
Sharati and others, most of the Shinji glass are equipped with low-value pick-up cards, heavy-cards, and so on.
4) Analysis of the results of the operation: Fortune Glass Camp is the third largest. As a result of long history and earlier globalization, Xinzi has been ranked first among the top five, breaking the 20 billion dollar mark. It's the same as the Fortune Glass Camp, which collects hundreds of millions of dollars.
The company, which has not yet reached the 10 billion yuan level, is only $6.2 billion. Taken together, the glass is a “later” of the car glass industry, with no major group to rely on, and a smaller total of assets, as compared to highly qualified foreign manufacturers such as Xinzi, Tsumi, and San Goban.
Overall, the combined strength is a little less powerful. But, unlike foreign competitors, glazing glass has the advantage of being cut into a car glass market later, enjoying a higher level of automation of equipment, more flexible production processes, etc.
3.2 The glass of light dominates the domestic market, and foreign producers dominate the foreign world, and we believe that it is more appropriate to look at the size of a specific car glass business than to use a suite of calibres. If you use just a set of metrics, you will lose sight of the high-value-added product and the higher-end customer's single-car capacity.
Not only does it measure the amount, but it also takes into account the price. From the global market, Xinzi and titanium are the main competitors in the global market for the glossy glass. Xinzi, tiles, 16 billion, 12.6 billion, 3.4 billion, if the size of the harvest is used to measure the market share of the giants, Xinzi.
The cities of Nitrogen, Nitrogen, Fukuoka, San Goiban, Sinyi Glass account for 27.2%, 18.8%, 18.6%, 14.5%, 3.9%, respectively.
From the Chinese market, the city of Fukuyo Glass is 55% and has an absolute lead. Fukuyo Glass and Shinji Glass have achieved better business results in China with an indigenous advantage, selling 10.6 billion yuan and 2.5 billion yuan, respectively, in 2016. In China, the market capacity for automobile glass is about 19.3 billion yuan, so the cities account for 55% and 13%, respectively.
There's an absolute lead on the field, and there's a great glass of faith, and there's a great glass, and there's a great glass, and there's a great glass, and there's a great glass, and there's a great glass, and there's a great glass, and there's a great glass, and there's a great glass, and there's a great glass, and there's a great glass, and there's a great glass, and there's a great glass, and there's a great glass, and there's a great glass, and there's a great glass, and there's a lot of glass, and there's a lot of glass, and there's a lot of glass.

Large indigenous manufacturers like Gadian in the United States, where the South American car glass market is mainly supplied by titanium and San Goban. 2016 was a year of turmoil in the American car glass market, when the former American car glass major producer, pg, was removed from the glass industry and specialized in paint. And the major American car glass supplier, Gadion Industries, 55.5%.
In 2016, the American automobile glass market had a market capacity of about $20.8 billion, and sales in the Americas of thiorium, titanium, and thorium glass were worth $5 billion, $5 billion, $3.1 billion, so the market was 24%, 24%, 15%, thi and tablet, respectively.
From the European market, Xinzi, Xinzi, and San Goban are the main competitors. Xinzi, Xinzi, and San Goban have long been dominant in the European car glass market, as well as in the manufacture of Italian flat glass.
The commercial sangallivetroportonogaro (which was acquired by the Turkish company sisecam-trakyacam in 2016) also has a seat. The European motor glass market has 24.1 billion yuan and sales in Europe are 7.1 billion yuan, 7.3 billion yuan, 100 million yuan and 2.4 billion yuan, respectively, so that the market is 30 per cent, 30 per cent, 30 per cent, 30 per cent, 30 per cent, 30 per cent,
At 0%, 10%, and the remaining 30% of the market share is held by San Goban, so that titanium, San Goban, and Xuziko are the main competitors in Europe. In sum, the glass has reached 55% in the domestic market, only 19% in the third place in the global market.
There is much more room for uplifting overseas than the internal market, and overseas markets are expected to be the main battlegrounds for improving the market’s share of glazing glass. Out-of-country, Fry Glass America, Europe have 15% and 10% of the cities, respectively. The main competitors in the American market are Xinzi and Tsumi, and the main competitors in the European market are Sumiko, San Goiban and Tsumi, the pioneers.
The battle for the share of the market with the latecomers is on the rise. 3.3 Three competitive advantages highlight the fact that the improvement in the share of the overseas city of the Fulbright Glass is one of the most focused operations, and the advantages of the production process are evident.
From a business point of view and from a collection point of view, the glass is the most focused of the top five. From a business point of view, the glass is focused on producing and selling the glass, while the other competitors are doing the business.
Apart from the production and sale of glass products, other non-glass operations are involved. From the point of view of the share of the car glass business, over 90% of the revenue from the main business of the Fukuyo glass business has been derived from the car glass for a long time, up to 97% in 2016. In 2016, the proportion of the car glass business was 50%, 29%, 28%, respectively.
The 2008 financial crisis brought about a dramatic change in the pattern of the automotive industry, where the foreign capital giants, owing to their pre-existing large-scale production patterns and individualization, and small-scale consumption requirements, are becoming more competitive as a result of a deep-seated business effort.
Contrary to each other, it leads to higher costs and lower levels of profitability. At a time when industry is on the rise at 4.0 a.m., glazing glass is gaining momentum.
In our view, the reason why glazing glass has been re-energized in the automotive glass industry is not irrelevant to its high degree of concentration. On one hand, it has been more than easy to swim, and the focus has allowed the glass to continue to grow in the area of car glass, with new models.
Accompanied response speed and multi-package, small-volume production have prevailed against competitors; on the other hand, the glass ratio of the car is around 95% per year, with all the eggs in one basket, and it also reflects its full confidence in and strong commitment to the good car glass business.
2) Profitability far outperforms the foreign giants, Māori rates and profit margins of the Fukuoka glass business. Compared to the three foreign giants, Xuzuko, Slate Nico, San Gooban, the Fyoglass is far ahead of the Māori rate and the operating profit margin.
The Māori rate for glass products has been increasing year by year since 2012, with high innovation at 42.7% in 2016, while the other three rivals have high annual innovation at 22.5%, while the other three competitors have a profit margin of less than 10%. The profitability of foreign giants.
Three points are required: first, the lower-end, mostly low-value single-cars, heavy-cars, etc., downstream customers of the Sin-Glass window business; second, the smaller volume of Sin-Glass car glass business, which was only $3.7 billion in 2016, and 73 per cent of which were sold domestically, with less than one-fourth of the good glass in China, which is not quite the difference; and, third, the letter.
The focus of the business is on the 51% floating and superwhite glazing, the expansion of the floating glass business over the past two years, and the shrinking of the car glass business, which is expected to be less balanced against the glazing glass business in the future.
3) The largest relative capital expenditure, laying the foundation for the subsequent expansion of the market, is growing rapidly in size compared to competitors. In 2013-2016, Xiamin, Slate Nico, San Goban, Sinyi Glass and Fyoglass automobile glass camps received an average annual compound increase of 8.8%, 5.9%, 13.7%, etc.
With 4.5%, 14.1%, and the highest annual compound increase in glazing glass. In view of the trend in the size of the harvest, the four other rivals have even registered negative annual growth, with only the size of the glazing glass growing at a positive rate.
The ratio of revenues to those of other competitors in 2014 and continued to do so until 2016. In 2016, Fukuoka was spending up to 22% of the proceeds. ... Compared to the glass of Fyoshi, Shinyoshi, San Goiban, and Pitsuko, whose share was less than 15%, the ratio of capital expenditures to those of the competitors was even less than 10%.
This shortfall in spending has a direct impact on the process of market expansion, while the glazing glass is expected to provide market expansion with higher capital spending, which accounts for the total revenue ratio, which is always estimated at 5 per cent, based on the share of the carbs), and overall, although the glazing glass is comparable to the foreign capital giant in terms of product competitiveness and downstream customer structure, it is produced.
Crafts, profitability, and relative capital spending are far ahead. As the layout of overseas plants deepens, glazing glass is expected to take its share in overseas markets with three core competitivenesss, and it is expected that the rise in the share of glass overseas will be expected, and that it will become the future master of the global industry.
Four products are expected to increase in volume + cost or be down, and Māori rates are expected to continue to penetrate high-value-added products, contributing to higher-value-added products, higher-value-added products, higher-value-added products, and automobile glass products.
In terms of volume and unit prices, there has been an increase in vehicle glass sales at an average compound rate of 9.9 per cent per year, and vehicle glass unit prices have recovered at an average annual rate of 3.9 per cent, especially in 2016, with sales increasing by 15 percentage points and prices increasing by almost seven percentage points, as a result of the increase in the share of high-value-added products, such as broomsides, skylights, low-e, in automobile glass products.
Glass R & D costs 730 million yuan, or 4.4% of revenue, and is expected to upgrade further as R & D spending increases. Companies now account for only 33% of high value-added products (30% in 2015, or 3% higher penetration of high value added products in 2016, and 6% higher of bovine products), benefiting from higher value-added products becoming consumers.
It is accepted that it is expected that the smooth glass will continue to sustain the full price increase in the volume of car glass products, which, based on the growth trend in the asp, we estimate in 2017 is about 6 per cent, or $161.5 per square metre. 4.2 Pure-alkali prices have turned back + planning for the import of gas overseas, with the expected cost down.
Figure 42: The cost structure of the glass for the glazing car  the energy cost for the raw materials  the labour cost for the manufacturing  the energy cost for the original materials  the labour cost for the manufacturing
The cost of glass for Fashion Glasses includes floating glass (34.0% of total cost), pvb membrane (13.7%), other raw accessories (17.7%), energy costs (8.3%), labour costs (14.4%) and manufacturing costs (11.9%). The cost of floating platinum includes pure alkali (16.3%), silicon (1.8%), other raw materials (12.1%), energy costs (i.e. natural)
Gas, 36.3%, labour costs (8.6%), manufacturing costs (24.9%), so natural gas accounts for 12.3% of total car glass costs, and pure alkaline accounts for 5.5% of total car glass costs.
The price of bulk commodities continued to rise, with most varieties rising at a new high in 2016. Glasses were no exception, with heavy pure alkali prices as raw materials for car glass running up from 1300 yuan per ton in 2016 to 2200 yuan per ton by the end of the year, raising prices by 70%. The price of pure alkali fell sharply in early 2017, and despite the sharp fall in prices, the stock of pure alkali plants remained high, relatively high.
As of April 13, 2017, the price of pure alkali had fallen to $1.657 per ton, which compared to the beginning of the year was a downside cost to prepare for natural gas imports. To reduce the cost of natural gas, a new glass was studied in 2017.
Gas procurement strategy, extending from the original domestic procurement to the import of liquefied natural gas from overseas. The cost of offshore natural gas is about a third of the domestic cost. If there is some progress in natural gas imports, gas costs are expected to decrease in 2017, and gas prices are expected to decrease by about 5% if there is better progress, so the cost of glazing glass in 2017 is about 5%.
Based on an analysis of 4.2, a 6 per cent increase in glass products is projected in 2017, and based on an analysis of 4.3, a 20 per cent reduction in pure base prices is expected in 2017, assuming a smooth pace of natural gas imports before a 6 per cent increase in car products and other costs remain unchanged, and a 5 per cent reduction in gas prices is expected in 2017 and a 6 per cent increase in car glass products.
In 2016, the price of pure base rose by 70 per cent from 1,300 to 2200 tons in a five-year period; in the United States, there was an additional 2,300 workers at a total annual cost of $740 million due to the official commissioning of the plant; and in 2016, the rate of Māori in Fukuoka glass rose by 0.7 percentage points, despite a significant increase in both the cost of pure alkali and labour. In 2017, the price of pure alkali was higher.
Down the road, there were only 300 new people in the United States plant (total annual cost of $100 million), an increase of 0.8 percentage points in the Māori ratio of Fyoglasses in 2017 compared to a slowdown in cost pressures in 2016.5 Performance is expected to continue with the expected growth in the built-in market, net of exchange gains and losses.
5.1 The expansion of capacity has accelerated and overseas plants have been profitable and existing capacity has been fully utilized. In 2016, Fyoglass had 26 million domestic car-glasses, 4 million foreign car-glasses, and a total of 30 million car-glasses. In 2016, Fyoglass sold approximately 2,615 million gas sets.
Glasses, so the utilization rate of glass production is about 87%. The underutilization of capacity is not due to inadequate orders, but rather to the fact that the car glass is a high-value, non-standard car spare parts, leaving around 15% of the capacity space for Oem to be designed to meet the growing demand for new cars in the Oem market.
To meet the needs of the globalization strategy, glazing glass is accelerating the deployment of domestic and international production capacity. In the area of car glass production, Yoo Po is accelerating investment in the construction of car glass plants, 4 million of which are in the pipeline and 4 million in Suzhou, which is now in the pilot production phase in October, with 2 million production units and 3 million in the Beijing plant.
In March of that year, Fukuyo Glass was inaugurated at a floating glass factory in Ben-brook City, Liaoning Province, with a total investment of about 2 billion yuan in construction of three production lines with an annual capacity of 450,000 tons after completion in 2018.
Overseas construction is the only way to reduce the combined costs of the globalization strategy of automobile glass enterprises. The automotive glass industry is a high-energy, heavy-logistic industry, with high logistics costs and product losses involved in exporting, just like the giants of Xinzi, Slate Nico, San Goban and others who invested in Chinese plants, and the same strategy of building glass in the United States and Russia, which is to boost customers.
The aim is to reduce the combined costs while expanding the market. The cost of a confluence glass overseas plant is compared to the cost of a domestic plant. 1) As shale technology releases large amounts of natural gas, the US gas supply is larger than demand, and the price is about 50% lower than in the country. 2) Local plants and their proximity reduce transport costs by about 16%.
3) While overseas income taxes are higher than domestically, combined taxes are lower than domestically. 4) The cost of labor in the United States is about 3.5 times the domestic cost.
There is an order, and overseas production is digested. The glass is built in Russia, in the United States, on the premise that it is invited by the general public and other long-term partners, and now the United States factories have BMW, Chrysler, General, Honda, etc.
The orders of the downstream customers of modern, Kia, popular, Russian factories have also received orders from downstream customers such as the general population, general use, and Japanese production, and it is expected that all the additional production capacity from overseas will be digested by hand orders. 5.2 Intra-house growth in domestic operations + US-Russian factories have lost their profits and performance elasticity.
Ten thousand (including 900,000 in the United States) and about 3.5 million in Europe (including 100,000 in Russia) are sold domestically. In 2016, $10.58 billion will be sold internally, $4.86 billion will be sold internally, and $70 million will be sold externally.
In 2016, Fulbright Glass earned $10.58 billion in domestic sales and $5.56 billion in overseas sales. In addition to the corresponding sales baskets, the average unit price of each package sold domestically and overseas is $580 and $704 (the price of Fulbright Glass car glass products is slightly lower than that of competitors at home and abroad).
About 6.9 million car glass units, $4.86 billion in revenue, and about 1 million car glass units in external output, $70 million in revenue. Based on the 2016 break-ups, and regardless of the exchange rate's impact on net profit, we're in the car glass industry in 2017.
The performance forecast is as follows: 1) Intra-production sales are expected to yield $12.1 billion in 2017. The internal sales of car glass have increased at the same rate as the car industry, at about 7 per cent, or 19.53 million units in 2017.
The share of value-added car glass products has gradually increased, with an expected 6% increase in car glass products and a sale price of about $615 per package, so that in 2017, the internal sale of car glass in the Fulfilled Glass has reached $12.1 billion,2 and is expected to reach $5.4 billion in 2017.
External car sales increased by 2%, plus 3% of new orders, totalling about 5%, and sales of about 7.25 million packages. Meanwhile, productasp increased by 6%, with a unit price of about $746 per package, so that in 2017, the Fulbright Glass Outlet could collect $5.4 billion.
Ten thousand units, an average of $704 each. A loss of $41.16 million was incurred in 2016 by United States factories, which were affected by the frothing of floating glass and the failure to release production capacity at the beginning of the process; Russian factories were affected by the external political environment, with lower-than-expected output and losses of about 35 million yuan in 16 years.
In 2017, the outward sales of car glass products took into account the pace of production in the United States and Russia. In 2017, the United States was expected to invest 2.3 million units, of which a profit/loss balance was achieved in May and a profit started in June; and the Russian external political environment was on the rise.
Gradually, the car glass factory began to develop on a virtuous path, with a conservative projection of 500,000 units and a total of 2.8 million units. Both the U.S. and the Russian factory orders were full, and the expected release of the new production capacity would be absorbed. The product rose by 6 per cent, or $746, to an estimated $2.09 billion in 2017.
5.3 The net gain on the mother after exchange gain or loss is higher than expected The net gain on the head of the mother ' s profit in 2016 was $3.14 billion, or 20.68 per cent, and the return on the mother ' s net profit was $370 million, and the market considered that almost 70 per cent of the net gain on the glass in 2016 was due to the gain on the exchange rather than the gain on the exchange.
In response, we have sorted out the impact of exchange gains and losses over the past five years on the net profit of the Glossy Glass. The Glossy Glass holds foreign currencies predominantly in dollars, with $900 million in 2016, accounting for almost 98% of all foreign currency funds against the RMB.
The continued appreciation of the renminbi in 2011-2014 resulted in a loss of exchange on the Fulbright Glass, thereby reducing the net return on the parent, and the effect of exchange rate movements on the net return on the Fulbright Glass was minimal. But, starting in 2015, as the renminbi devalued significantly and rapidly, it led to a significant increase in the net profit on the Fulbright Glass account.
The net profit for the year is treated as a reduction of exchange gains and losses after the current year’s taxes, resulting in an increase in the net return after the deduction of exchange gains and losses at a rate of about 26 per cent in 2016, with performance growth largely dependent on the built-in growth of the car glass business, rather than on the contribution of the exchange gains and losses. Without taking into account past years and future exchange gains and losses, the net return profit for the year was 17, 18, and 19 respectively.
Three hundred and sixty-six million yuan, forty-one hundred and forty-eight hundred million yuan, corresponding to an increase of 28 per cent, 16 per cent and 17 per cent respectively, and a three-year compound increase, which is also rich in equity, with a high share of stable dividends.
Since 2008, annual dividends have become normal, with an average red rate of nearly three years, based on an analysis of the fundamentals of the glossy glass, we believe that as high-value-added products continue to penetrate to boost the volume of products, the growth of the main business in the year will be judged as follows:
On the other hand, the increase in the sale of internal and external sales of car glass has been increased by 2 per cent of overseas vehicle sales and by 3 per cent of new orders, and is projected to be more than 10,000 units, with 500,000 units in Russia, totalling 2.8 million units, 3 million units in the United States in 2018, 1 million units in Russia, 4 million units in the United States, 4 million units in the United States in 2019, and 1.5 million units in Russia, totalling 5.5 million units.
3) As product volumes rise and costs are expected to increase, it is conservatively estimated that the Māori rate of the bovine product could increase by 0.8 percentage points in 2017, taking into account the uncertainty about the price of raw materials other than pure alkaline, and the incremental cost of labour each year. Float glass external sales, other major operations, etc. have little impact on income, assuming the status quo.
The average increase in other business income over the last three years is 14 per cent, assuming that the rate of increase will remain constant. 2) The beta coefficient is the median beta value of the car spare parts industry (Senwan) greater than the market value of 10 billion; 3) the tax rate: the average rate of 16.7 per cent (the average for the last three years);
Table 21: fcff valuation sensitivity analysis, based on fcff absolute valuation results, is about $23.61 in intrinsic value per share of the glazing glass.
Table 23: Ddm valuation sensitivity analysis, based on ddm's absolute valuation results, the intrinsic value of the glass is approximately $19.08 per share.
Compared to the market value and valuation of companies, the valuation of ddm provides good support for the company’s share price. From the relative valuation level, the company is expected to estimate a value of 15 x in 2017, below the industry average of 21x. Considering that the Fry Glass is the largest of the five major players in the global car industry,
The quality of the long potential, the high market share of the overseas market, the long-standing logic of the product price increase, gives rise to the risk of 20 x raw material price rises in 2017. Despite a significant trend in the net magnetic price of raw materials, it is not possible to rule out the possibility of a net magnetic price increase in the second half of the year.
2) Overseas capacity is released or not as expected. Despite the many measures taken to improve the difficulties encountered by overseas factories in the early stages of their construction, there may still be a transition period for overseas production to generate revenue, and there is a short-term risk that overseas capacity will release less than expected and that elasticity of off-shore performance will not materialize.
3) The risk of exchange rate fluctuations. While profit forecasts have excluded, as conservatively as possible, the potential exchange gains from the continued depreciation of the renminbi exchange rate in the future from the glazing glass, it has not been ruled out that any exchange loss to the glazing glass from the appreciation of the renminbi could have been incurred as a result of, as a result of, without, and without direct or indirect compensation for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.