A hundred-year-old beverages, high-quality collusive farming channels, high-end transformations, Aoshima beer (60060000) The Qingjia beer industry is in a period of opportunity for steady price rises, and the high end is turning into a future trend.
Our beer industry has stabilized, and future opportunities lie in higher-end products leading to better profits. The market share of past food beverages has risen from 65.2% to 70.4% in 13 years, but compared to the concentration of 85% in mature markets such as the United States.
Levels, and there is still room for continuous improvement. From the beer market breakdown, the country’s high-end and ultra-high-end retail outlets accounted for 56.98% in mid-2018, high-end and ultra-high-end beer restaurants for 80.32%, and future catering channels for high-end growth engines.
Aoyang-woo's sword, 100-year-old brand, high-quality combinations of high-end, high-end strategies, Aoshima's beer has undergone extended, internal integration, brand upgrades since it was marketed in 1993.
At the end of 2017, the International Bureau of Strategic Entry is expected to gradually release the reform dividend. Since 2018, companies have entered the high end of the strategy: 1) Green bean has a 100-year brand base, with a focus on the Qingdao+Tao brand strategy, Qingdao beer has been the first in China's beer industry for 16 consecutive years with a brand value of $16.772 billion: 2) Qing Qing
The baker's heart is brewing, and the master Qingjia brand has a strong capacity to develop high-end products that form the high-end matrix of August, Hong Kong, 1903 Guo Xiaodong, and pure beer: 3) are adapted to “big customers + micro-operations”
The pipeline model, which actively nurtures the core strategic distributors, continues to push the “Great Mountain East + along the Yellow + Coast” layout. The surcharges and high-end products are steadily moving forward, and Roe is expected to increase steadily in the future. In the short term, the cost rate is down, the cost end pressure is manageable, and the overall efficiency of operations is increasing over time;
At the end of the period, product high-end is the best solution for companies to maintain their industry leadership on a continuous basis. Drawing on the successful path of the Bweinbo high-end strategy in the Chinese market, the future green beak should be strategicly upgraded to two key points: 1) rich high-end brand matrix and large monolithic operations strategy; and 2) niche positioning and marketing capability of brand precision channels.
For the first time, the company was given an "incremental" rating.
For the first time, Fukuda's tax-free company Fukuwa, number 6, China's (Sichuan) free trade test area, has been overtaken by events.
After a short-term adjustment of 1.1, the sales of beer are in a stable phase. After a brief adjustment, the domestic beer industry is now stabilizing its total production.
In terms of output growth, the period 1979-1987 was a period of high growth, during which there was an average annual compound increase in beer production, which was a period of volatile growth in 2013, followed by a brief adjustment period in 2014 for the beer industry, a continuous decline in overall alcohol production, a steady recovery in the beer industry since 2018, and a projected future for the beer industry in the country.
The production of beer in the country has grown since 1979. Domestic beer consumption is largely in step with the changes in production, and the future is largely on the basis of a steady upward trend.
Globaldata data show that our beer market consumption began to decline after reaching a high of 5394 million litres in 2013, and by 2018 our beer consumption stood at 48.8 million litres, accounting for 25 per cent of total global beer consumption, and remained the world ' s largest beer consumption market. After 2018, overall economic growth recovered.
Su, the fall in business tax rates and the growth of the less developed landlocked regions, China's beer market is expected to see 1.2 beers in the next five years, with a pattern of local monopoly and regional cut-off. The domestic beer industry, following a wave of mergers and acquisitions, now has a pattern of monopoly competition, 2018.
The beer industry started a wave of mergers and acquisitions in the late 1990s, and has gradually developed a monopolistic pattern of Chinese beer, Qingjia beer, Bwai Asia-Pacific, Yinking beer, Kasper's five-large beer manufacturers, with the oligarchy of cr5 increasing from 65.2 per cent in 2013 to 70.4 per cent in 2018.
In comparison with the United States and the major Asia-Pacific mature markets, where the share of cr5 has remained at 85% +, there will still be a continued rise in the future, with domestic beer businesses showing regional cut-offs. Specifically, Hua Yun, Qingdao, and Bwawe have achieved nationalization, with Huayun gaining significant advantages in Sichuan, Northeast, and Chinadong; and Qingdao.
The advantages are clear in Shandong, Chenxi, and so on: Bawe has a strong edge in Jilin and South China. In addition, Kaspar and Yinjing are more regionalized, with Yin holding a greater edge in Beijing, Inner Mongolia, Guangxi, and Gasper in the northwest.
1.3 Accompanies product upgrading and high-end into industry trends
The price of alcohol as a whole is huge. The price of alcohol in the 2018s is $3398.39 per ton for Qingjima and $2823.84 per ton for Huayun beer production, but it is still much higher than the price in the Bwa Asia Pacific and Bwai Yingbo factories, respectively, to $531.06 per ton and 6563.87 per ton for the future.
The current overall business strategy in the beer industry has shifted from a sales-driven to a brand-driven one, which has allowed the head alcohol industry to accelerate the pace of product high-end growth. Specifically, the domestic beer market has grown faster than the overall beer market, with a combined annual increase in overall beer consumption in China in 2013-2018 -
The overall consumption of alcohol will remain largely stable, but high-end and ultra-high-end beer will continue to grow steadily, and there will be much room for an increase in the future rate of high-end beer in our country as compared to the United States. China, however, has a huge potential for future high-end beer growth compared to the United States, where 42.1% of high-end beer is consumed.
High-end trends are more pronounced in the Chinese market, where the price of super-high-end beer was 11.6 times the price of low-end beer in 2018, while the difference between India and Australia was 6.1 and 1.6 times, respectively, over the same period. High-end beer consumption will continue to grow steadily.
High-end beer will drive overall average price upwards by 1.4 channels. Catering is a high-end growth engine.
More specifically, the beer industry has increased its catering channels from 46.76% in 13 years to solid. In 18 years, the retail distribution of beer at the lower end was 56.98% in the beer sub-consumptions and 80.32% in the high end and ultra-high end beers. Considering the high end and ultra-high end beers sales over the next five years,
The volume will continue to grow steadily, and the catering channel will continue to be a high-end growth engine, with the proportion of high-end and ultra-high-end beers expected to rise further to 81.86 per cent by 23 years.
After four major stages of development, the Qingdao beer came to the market in 1993 and, depending on the business strategy of the company leader after listing, it can be broadly divided.
But in just three years after that, the management of the young beavers changed frequently, and in 1995 they were overtaken by Yin-kyung, the medium-sized beer. In June 1996, Lee Ki-young, who was a strong decision-maker, became the president of the company, and Peng, who was good at marketing, became its managing director.
In the era of Peng Xiaoqin, the blisters implemented an outreach strategy to expand their businesses at low cost and speed. In particular, the blisters expanded rapidly throughout the country in 1999-2001, buying 36 beer factories in three years. By 2001, the blisters were located in 17 provincial units throughout the country.
In 1996, 350,000 tons were increased to 2,510,000 tons in 2001, which is basically a pan-national layout. But, because of the small size of the beer factory that was acquired during the period, the synergies are difficult to achieve, and the financial pressure on the public administration is gradually increasing.
2) Internal integration period (2001-2012): Be strong, and then pool resources, and the legacy of broad-based expansion gradually emerges, and the green bean is facing strategic adjustments again. In 2001, as president of the company, the company's strategy shifted from “doing great” to “doing great”, from simply relying on resources, to “doing great things.”
In 2003, the brand strategy focused on the "1+3" model, with the main brand brand being Qingdao, and the second on the branding of Xiaoshan, Hans, and Shan Shui; and through the Ministry of Enterprise reform, the location of the company's headquarters was more focused on branding.
Operations centres, local M&As and self-built plants have been established as production centres, and eight marketing companies have been established throughout the country to unify the formerly independent subsidiaries by region, to unify production and distribution, markets and administration, and to share resources through the common use of transport, distribution and other systems: “Great” was introduced in 2009.
Clients+Microbusiness's channel model, adapted to local conditions to enhance the efficiency of its operations. The branding synergies that emerged during this period led to a new round of expansion driven by a more benign business performance, an overall harvest, as industry growth slowed down, leading firms gradually moving from sales-driven to quality upgrades, and firms raised them during this period.
President Sun Mingbo, a wine maker, is very demanding on the quality and quality of the product, and during his tenure he has achieved a great deal of technological improvement. In particular, with respect to product diversification, the company has gradually moved from glass bottles and listening to traditional Qingjia beer, Qingshan beer, to innovation to August and Hung.
High-end products such as Quantico, Classic 1903, All Macbeth, Pearson, and Qingdao Beeripa. During this period, the Department's branding strategy has been adjusted several times, and resources have gradually been focused on the Qingdao + Mt.
During the period of volume adjustment, the company ' s business performance slowed at a pace of 0.51 per cent, with a compound increase in revenues and a compound increase in profits 4), strategic high end (2018-to-date): quality-based, high-end changes in brands.
A little management is on the path of normative and systemic construction. The Qingjiang is committed to becoming a major international company with a global brand of influence, and Qingdao's beer is back in the Olympics at the end of 2018, becoming an official sponsor of Beijing's Winter Olympics and Winter Paralympics in 2022, with a high support brand, following the sponsorship of Beijing's 2008 Olympic Officers.
During this period, the company focused on the main brand, Qingdao and the second brand, where high-end products from the Qingdao brand will be invested in strategic resource-focused expansion to accommodate high-end development opportunities in the industry. During this period, the company strategically accelerated the high-end branding process, resulting in a significant increase in overall profitability.
The company achieved 26,575 million yuan, an increase of 1.13 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of 1,422 million yuan, an increase of 12.60 per cent in the same year, 24,897 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 5.31 per cent in the same year and a return to the mother of 2,586 million yuan, an increase of 23.15 per cent in the same year.
2.2 The Aoyagi Group, the second largest shareholder, was effectively controlled by the Qingdao City State Finance Committee, and at the end of 2017, the second largest shareholder became easy-to-be, and the Aoyagi Group was strategically integrated. Specifically, A+h shares were listed in A+h Beers, among them Qingdao.
The NRC is the real controlr, holding 32.83% through the Qingdao Beers Group; and the second-largest shareholder, with 15.75% of the most recent share, is the Assemblage International, a creatively driven family consumption industry group that has developed its health, happiness, and wealth.
The company is strong enough to use its resources in the areas of mixed ownership reform, internationalization, strategic investment and industrial operations and user-friendliness to accelerate the company’s pursuit of the strategic opportunities of the new era and its development of new dynamics.
With regard to incentives innovation, Qingdao Beers major shareholders committed to promoting long-term incentives for the management of listed companies by the end of June 2020, and are expected to accelerate the process of improving incentives in the future, creating multiple incentives, stimulating business activity and unleashing the dividends of change.
At the end of the year, the two brands of Qingdao + Mt. German beer company, founded in Qingdao in August by a joint venture of German and British businessmen, were the oldest beer manufacturers in China. The World Brand Laboratories published China 500 of 2019.
Brands, a 16-year-old Qingdao beer with 16.772 billion yuan worth of branded Chinese beer, reviewed the history of Qingdao's branding, which evolved from multiple to focused brands, and increasingly focused on the two brands driven by Qingdao+Chan. Since 1996, companies have accelerated their outreach and acquisition, bringing the number of brands to more than 50
After 2001, as the corporate strategy shifted from “better” to “better”, in 2003 the strategy focused on the “1+3” model, with the dominant brand being Qingjia, with the second brand limited to Kyoyama, Hans, Hill and Water; in 2012, the company entered the phase of re-extension after integration, with the aim of increasing inclusiveness towards the new brand “1+3”
The model has been modified to “1+3+n”, where n has a better-grounded brand on behalf of regional markets; in 2014, as a result of industry contraction adjustments, companies have again readjusted “1+3+n” to “1+1+n”, focusing resources on sub-brand mountains; and since 2017, companies have once again strengthened the core of the “1+1” brand, placing resources at the disposal of resources.
In recent years, the company has been active in the Qingdoya branding model, through sports, music, and literature.
In 2013, the Quakers signed the World Cup and became the first Chinese brand in the United Kingdom; in 2014, the Queens Wk Motorcycles won the United Kingdom ' s annual champions in the Super Motorcycle Championships; in 2015, the Queens joined the Men ' s Inter-Year concert; and in 2016, the Queens.
Organization of major sports events such as the European Cup and the Rio Olympics; sponsorship of the 2017 High School, the Caba League, the first Qingdao International Marathon: A new Olympics at the end of 2018, followed by the official sponsorship of the 2008 Beijing Olympics, became Beijing Winter Olympics and Winter Paralympic Officers in 2022
Figure 18: Increases in the steady cost of advertising beer in Qingdao, Figure 19: The Qingdao Beer Patents industry leads by 2.4 process advantage assurance quality, and the product matrix is rich
The quality of the wine depends to a large extent on the quality of the raw materials, the raw materials of the beer are wheat sprouts, rice, beer flowers, water, etc.
After more than a hundred years of breeding, evolution has led to the formation of a unique strain of baboon now used, which is at the heart of its quality. Specifically, the production of Qingdao beer can be divided into four parts: sugar, fermentation, filtering, packaging.
Sugar: malt, rice, wine paste, filtering, sedimenting, cooling in malt juice, which requires controlling the composition of the material and filtering out unwanted proteins; fermentation: cooling with oxygen and yeast, which has many control points and requires real-time monitoring at different times.
Measuring; Filtering: Control of impurities by temperature control according to process requirements and control of concentration; Packaging: Bottle, Fill, Insecticide, Labelling, Boxing. Figure 20: Aoshima Beer Production Process
The company’s product focuses on Qingjima’s main brand + Yaoyama’s second brand, which together accounts for 75.74 per cent of sales, and continues to maintain the competitive edge of the high-end market in the beer industry. In 2018, the company sold 803 thousand litres of beer, of which Qingjia’s main brand was 391.4 thousand litres, while other brands such as Qingshan were divided by 4116 thousand litres.
In comparison, sales of high-end products (Agut, Hong Kong, Classic 1903, pure beer, etc.) were 21.58 per cent, sales of other products were 27.16 per cent, sales of second brand were 27.00 per cent and sales of other brands were 24.26 per cent.
2.5 Channels are adapted to local conditions, and regional strategies have steadily advanced in recent years the construction and improvement of the marketing system by companies, the deepening and promotion of the marketing model of “big customer plus micro-business” in the national market, and changes in end-of-service marketing behaviour through effective visits by business representatives,
The development of strategic distributors to further improve their marketing management and control of markets. First, the continued consolidation and strengthening of base markets, such as Shandong, and fine-farming have kept the base market alive and well, and have led to an increase in sales in neighbouring regional markets. On the other hand, the focus on resources has increased.
Develop, integrate, scale up production through mergers and acquisitions, new constructions and relocations, further optimize market layouts, sustain the construction of provincial base markets and the base markets at the site of the plant, create regional synergies, effectively increase capacity utilization and lead to the upgrading of the product structure.
The issuer now has 15,550 distributors in the national market and has a large distribution network covering the country’s main markets. After years of exploration, the company has summarized three models of “intensive”, “mixed” and “exclusive” and, in combination with the corresponding market situation, the dealer’s strength, adapting them to the local context.
As a channel model for "big customer plus micro-operation". Subregionally, a market with low municipal coverage (t < 10%) is suitable for a more intensive model, with multiple small distributors selected and flattened through channels, with the overall focus on the operation of the manufacturer, with small distributors primarily taking on logistics and finance functions; and high rates of municipal ownership.
The niche market (t > 50 per cent) is suitable for full marketing and logistics functions as a whole with large distributors, based on full or product-by-product sales within large distributor regions, with manufacturers assuming market planning and brand promotion functions; and market rates can be mixed between accumulated and mature markets,
Among them, the distributors started to form a business team to take on some of the functions of the manufacturer. Figure 22: Qingdao beer + micro-operated channel model + large-client + micro-operated channel model
Intensive Mode, Mixed Mode, Monopoly Mode.
1. Selection of small clients, on the basis of 1) based on client capacity or by region 1) based on the full product item within the client area
Set-up, direct to the end area, or by product or exclusive sale by product
2) Channel flattening mode 2) customers through two batches, 2) split into two batches by custom or product
3) Wholesale distribution and direct access to large impact terminals 1) factory operations
2) Clients primarily undertake logistics and 1) Clients begin to form business groups 1) Clients undertake all sales and goods
Team, with some plant functions (e.g., terminal development, two orders) 2) with manufacturer with market planning and products
The company's ability to produce a national distribution that will underpin the regional strategy of the Great Shandong Plus along the Yellow Coast will be steadily advanced in the future.
In terms of production capacity, Qingjia beer continues to feed its base market, while expanding its coverage. The company currently owns 62 fully-owned and controlled beer-producing enterprises in 20 provincial units throughout the country, with Shandong, Jiangsu, Xianxi, Guangdong factories in the top 13, 6 and 5 respectively.
Five. With regard to regional strategies, companies have been active in promoting the Great Shandong Base Market for 15 years, with a focus on the two main strategic belts of “coastal yellow”, with companies accounting for as much as 70 per cent of the cities in the Shandong region; “coastal yellow” as a competitive advantage, with a focus on increasing city ownership and profitability; and “coastal” as a “coastal” advantage.
Third, short-term cost reductions are effective, long-term concentrated products are high-end. In the short term, corporate cost rates are down, cost-side pressures are manageable, and overall operational efficiency is increasing;
In the long run, the Qingdao master branding trend is positive, and the ratio of high-end products will continue to rise as the product structure continues to upgrade. The combination of short-term effects with long-term trends promises a steady increase in net interest rates, thus opening up scope for raising the level of roe.
3.1 The cost rate is gradually down, the cost-end pressure is manageable. Qingdao's beer sales rate is high in the industry, but there is a downward trend. Specifically, the cost of beer sales in Qingdao between 2010 and 2018 has been higher than that of comparable companies in the industry, reaching a high point in 2016.
After 23.10%, the sales cost rates for 2017 and 2018 were 21.95% and 21.44%, respectively, down the line. The larger share in the composition of the sales costs consists of sales personnel ' s remuneration, transportation costs, advertising costs, sales grants, with higher transport costs and sales costs making the company as a whole.
Sales rates were high in the industry, with transport rates rising from 4.61 per cent to 5.17 per cent in 2016-2018, while sales rates fell from 6.70 per cent to 3.82 per cent during the same period, and the rapid decline in sales rates stabilized overall sales rates at around 5 per cent, at low levels in the industry, reflecting higher management efficiency.
In terms of the composition of management costs, managers ' remuneration, depreciation and amortization costs are relatively high. Figure 28: Qingdao beer sales cost rates are still high. Figure 29: Qingdao beer management costs component (comparable calibre)
Figure 30: High Qingdao beer transportation cost, Figure 31: Downward Qingdao beer sales cost, Figure 32: Qingdao beer management cost is low
In the future, with the gradual optimization of the production and distribution of capacity, the pay levels are expected to be optimized to further raise per capita income generation and profitability. In 2018, the company started closing down the plant and shut down the two swings in the East China Lake and Yang Pau, but the company has medium- and high-end branding advantages, and the main brand, Qingjia, has a national market layout that optimizes production performance.
Accelerating product structural upgrading and the increase in the Māori rate have long-term benefits from improved corporate profitability. In addition, in comparison with per capita income generation and profitability in the industry, per capita income and per capita income generation in 2018 was 67.59 million yuan and $362 million per person, respectively, and per person income and per person per beer was generated in Chongqing during the same period and per person per person was profitable, respectively.
124.41 million yuan per person and 14.5 million yuan per person, and there is still much room for improvement in the future.
(a) The level of income per capita for the major beer businesses (million yuan per person) and the per capita level of profitability for the main beer businesses (thousand yuan per person);
High brewing raw materials such as barley, rising labour costs, average price increases for major brands over 11 years 10 per cent; Māori rates have been warming since 2016, but the cost of packages and raw materials has been rising in tandem for 17 years, with companies raising average prices in early 18 for such products as Shandong, Hans, Ira and classics.
Over 5%, the retail price of 600 ml for the country ' s beer and 500 ml for the green Lansa beer was increased from $2 to $2.5, and the wholesale price of 500 ml for the national classic bottle series was increased from $36/box to $38/box.
About 50 per cent of the material (about 30 per cent of the cost of bottles, 12 per cent of aluminium cans, 4 per cent of paper boxes) and about 24 per cent of the raw materials for winemaking (about 12 per cent of the cost of wheat sprouts, 5 per cent of the rice). Cost pressures on packaging materials are still in place and will benefit from higher irrigation rates in the future. Environmental policy has tightened for 18 years.
Overlaying supply side reforms, the glass price index remains high, and cost-side pressures remain. Companies’ beer production has increased rapidly in recent years, with a current rate of filling of about 30%. Given that the cost of purchasing aluminium cans is about 40% lower than that of boulders, it is expected that the cost of packaging materials will benefit from a significant upward trend in the future.
The cost of barley is expected to be relatively stable, with limited scope for escalation. The cost of imported barley has continued to increase since 18 years, as Australia’s drought has reduced production. As the number of wheat importers increases and Australian barley production recovers, the overall cost is expected to be relatively stable.
Figure 41: The glass price index is at a relatively high level, and the national market for aluminum has tended to decline.
Figure 44: Average average price of imported barley is relatively flat. 3.2 Products are the best solution for increasing profitability. In the long run, product upscaling is the best solution for companies to maintain their industry leadership.
High-end products such as Qingdao, Qingdao Black, Qingdao Black, Quantue, Classic 1903, All Macbeth, Pearson, and Qingdao Beeripa have been a powerful push to optimize product structure and strategic new products.
Growth is expected to be steady in the context of development opportunities. Figure 47: Average prices for other brands, such as Qingjima, Kiyoyama, are as high as 78.4% in high-end beer cr5 in the country, and the overall pattern of competition is stable.
First, 46.6%, and Qingdao and Huayun, 14.4% and 11.0% respectively, divided by two and three. We believe that Qingdao's high-end beer base is good, and that the future should build on the Bwatt-end success path to further increase the market share in the high-end and ultra-high-end beer market segment.
The success of Baweinbo’s high-end strategy in China’s market is dominated by two key factors: a rich high-end matrix of cards and large monolithic operations strategy, and the precise location and marketing of branding channels. The Baweinbo brand matrix covers price bands and beer classes, and meets consumer-differentiated demands.
Bweinbo's beer can be divided into three categories of high-end and ultra-high-end brands, core and core+ brands, and real-interest brands, depending on quality and price, and with the creation of high-end companies dedicated to the operation of high-end products, strategic resources focus.
Among them, the bulk of the single item Corona’s global income growth rate was 19.9 per cent and 17.6 per cent, making it possible for high-end companies to grow.
In the Chinese region, Bwai Yingbo dominates nightclubs, entertainment channels, and focuses on catering, electricity, and domestic beer consumption.
Since entering the Chinese market, Bwaise has been well-run at the top, moving closer to the end demand by setting up flat- level distribution networks. In 1995, Bhu Wei set up a company in Wuhan to open up the Chinese market officially, pushing the Chinese market.
(b) The merger of Bwawe and Yingbo in 2008 established the dominance of the South-East market: since 2011, Bhu Weinbo has launched a core urban strategy, with six central cities in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Chengdu and Hong Kong.
(b) Further development of a deep distribution system in 2014 that brings together the three major high-end and super-high-end brands of Corona, Stella, Fukuya; and, with the rise of the power channel, Bwiingbo created a direct product based on high-end products.
The overall growth trend has been high since 2018. According to the rate of market access on the Ali line, the combined sales of the cities of Pavel, Corona, Fodja, Harbin and Harbin account for 37.31%, while the combined sales volume accounts for 30.65%, with a clear advantage for the electricity suppliers.
The company binds certain high-end brands to drinking scenes through precision marketing, with the Bwawe brands positioned at home, and the Corona brands at the beach, where they use brand ideas and content marketing to increase consumer sticky. By high-end branding, Bwawe spending investment has been maintained at a higher level to ensure brand influence.
Leading by 26.8 per cent in 2018 and 25.3 per cent in 2018, the global sales rates were significantly higher than 21.4 per cent for Qingdao beer and 17.2 per cent for Huayun beer.
Bwai Asia-Pacific sales cost is relatively high. Figure 53: Market share of online sales, 2019. Figure 52: Market share of online sales, 2019.
Based on the above analysis of the company's operations, in the context of the future high-end and steady development of the beer industry, the company continues to tilt its resources towards high-end products such as the Qingjia brand of “Agut, Hong Kong Chiefs, Classic 1903, Pure Beer” with a view to achieving a steady increase in product high-end.
(1) Qingdao master brand: Sales: A quarterly drop in sales of the Qingdao brand will slow the growth of performance on the one hand, as a result of the epidemic; but on the other hand, this year is the year of sports, and the epidemic is expected to end by the end of April, when consumer demand will come to light.
Overall, sales of high-end products from the Qingjia brand are expected to be 183.70, ton prices and ton costs, respectively: in view of the remaining cost pressures on packaging materials, the expected relatively stable prices of raw materials such as wine brewing, and the continued optimization of the product structure of the Qingjia branding, 2019-2021, are expected to increase at the same rate as in the previous year.
(2) Other brands: Sales: the epidemic has had a greater impact on other brand sales such as the disease, and the overall downward trend is expected to be accelerated, with other brand sales projected at 403.37, 387.23 and 3.8723 million tons in 2019-2021, respectively.
In the context of the long-term expansion of the capacity of the beer industry, on the one hand, higher overall depreciation amortization levels and, on the other hand, higher interest-rate spending due to high asset-liability ratios, which often result in net interest rates being lower than overall cash flow levels, we use both pe and v/ebitda to better measure the profitability of the beer industry.
From a pe perspective, 19-21 years of Qingdao beer is 32.5, 27.5 and 23.2 times lower than the value of the line. Given the company’s operating efficiency and the steady up-scaling of its products, for the first time, it covers Yinjing beer and Pearl River beer coins.
1) the risk that the spread of the epidemic will place pressure on beer sales; 2) the risk of increased competition in the high-end beer market; 3) the risk of fluctuations in the price of beer raw materials and packaging materials;
The method is to produce this report using legally compliant information, independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a customer for whom it has no direct business relationship with it, and it does not have proper responsibility for reading it. It is a confidential material of the company, such as the receipt of this report by a non-corporate client, which should be returned and deleted in a timely manner and kept confidential until it has publicly disclosed or agreed to do so.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.