The company has 16.5 million tons of iron, steel, and materials per year, forming a pattern of production of four fine lines: plate, pipe, track, line.
The Division owns csps, broad sheets, the world's most advanced 2250 mm heat-rolling and accompanied cold-rolling lines of production, which produce high-end products such as motor panels, high pipe steel, high-strength structural steel, with an annual production capacity of 9.6 million tons and a world leader in technology and technology in the northwest of the country.
The company owns five seamless pipe production lines with a capacity of 2 million tons per year, producing products such as oil holsters, pipelines, etc., which are widely used in the national priority projects such as the National Theatre, Shanghai Haipo-dong Airport, Bird nests, and in the major oil fields such as Middle and Middle Oil and Petrochemicals.
The company also has two of the world's most advanced high-speed high-speed steel-track production lines, with an annual capacity of 2.1 million tons, to produce domestic and international products such as a series of steel-tracks for railways, which are widely used in the Tokyo, Kyoto and Hong Kong railways.
The company owns four cable pole production lines with an annual capacity of 2.44 million tons, producing products such as hot-rolled rib bars, hot-rolled radial bars, etc., which are widely used in the San Gorges project and in the Gang Yuen.
In 2017, the company produced 1,403 million tons of iron a year, an increase of 15.4 per cent, and 14.2 million tons of steel, which together with the company is actively building the world's first-class brand of “red earth steel”.
The symbiotic resource advantage has created the unique product characteristics of the company's rare earth steel, which uses the rare earth as the three main roles of purification, deterioration, microalogenization in the steel of the Yan Ho Army, the extension of rare earth steel,
Resilientness, grindability, corrosion resistance, and pullivity have been effectively enhanced. In 2106, the construction of infrastructure for the production of 5.5 million tons of rare-earth steel plates was fully completed, with the company equipped to produce high-end automobile steel, high-end electric steel, high-end steel pipe steel, high-strength structural steel, etc.
18 Mt. Maysan Road, Heung Fu City, Anhui Province, China, filled the gap between Inner Mongolia and the central and western regions.
The benefits of rare earth resources are gradually being demonstrated in the company’s performance. The Savannah Obo mine is a world-famous reservoir of resources, with 1.4 billion tons of iron ore found and 175 minerals and 73 elements found, and it is of particular concern that its rare earth reserves are the world’s number one.
In 2017, the company acquired the packaged steel company, Bai Yunbo, and after acquiring the assets related to the project, made it possible to produce and sell 176,000 tons of rare earth concentrates, with sales revenues of 2,423 million yuan and profits of 1,336 million yuan. In March 2018, the company rented the rare lands of the North.
By expanding production, which is expected to produce about 300,000 tons of rare earth concentrates, companies are expected to gain significantly more from the international market. On the basis of continued consolidation and good export of steel from traditional developed markets such as those of Europe, America, Korea, Japan, etc., the company has focused on opening markets along the “one-way” countries to the south-east.
The markets of Asia, the Middle East, South America and Africa were based on radiation to countries in South Asia and West Asia, highlighting priority market areas, and increased exports. In 2017, the country exported 7,543,000 tons of steel, a 30.5 per cent decline compared to the same year, while companies exported 160.06 million tons of steel in 2017, an increase of 11.53 per cent compared to the same year; and generated $859 million, an increase compared to the same year.
50.46 per cent; exports to 56 countries and territories (including 22 one-way countries) and zinc-plated products entered the Brazilian market for the first time. Corporate exports of steel have continued to increase significantly over the same period since 2018, with a steady decline in national exports of steel.
Billion dollars, an increase of 22,219%. In the future, companies will use new materials to make rare earth steels as their entry points, pushing their products up to mid-end, and implementing low-cost manufacturing, by diverting surplus workers, improving efficiency, etc.