Tangxing suburities - “Technology poo” series depth three: Sino-American research on subject matter
21 September 2020 Industry profile: broad outlook, expected market size to reach $14.9 billion in 2023
End c: "Favoured + high quality products" attracts users, advertising and subscription services are realized bg end: positive and autonomous facilitation of authorized business development, value-added services are promising for microsoft and cloudy strategies are promising
H1, the company achieved operating income of 916 million yuan, an increase of 33.64 per cent, and net profit of 357 million yuan, an increase of 143.30 per cent; subscription revenue for office services of 214 million yuan, an increase of 23.36 per cent, an increase of 6.13 per cent, an increase of 533 million yuan, an increase of 58.19 per cent, an increase of 70.89 per cent, and Internet advertising promotion services of 169 million yuan, an increase of 6.13 per cent, respectively, in revenue from authorized operations for office software products.
China’s market for basic office software is large and is expected to reach 14.9 billion yuan in 2023. The software and information technology services industry is growing rapidly, providing a good environment for the development of the office software industry.
Microsoft Office is a mainstream international office software, with wpsoffice occupying a certain share of the market, deep-ploughing the domestic market, creating six major competitive advantages. The msoffice is unique in the international market, with wps occupying a certain share in the domestic market, leading the national producers; wps are constantly developing their products, creating six main competitive advantages: deep technological accumulation, deep-suited state-made platforms, movement-end overturning, multi-year product grinding, industrial barriers, localization advantages, and price advantages.
>cendiary: "Free strategy plus quality products" attracts users, advertising and subscription services are realized. wps use a free-of-charge strategy at the personal end, with multiple channels, low-cost user access and constantly grinding high-quality products increasing user stickyness; relying on large users, Internet advertising extension services achieving initial realization; income from individual subscriptions is growing rapidly, the number of users is growing, consumption frequency and transformation rates are increasing, user sticky is increasing, the number of user subscriptions is growing faster, the cumulative number of paid individual members amounted to 1.81 million in the first half of 2020, the rate of conversion of paid users is increasing and the space for value-added services is expanding;
At the end of bg: Orthodox and autonomously controlled enabler business development, value-added services are promising. Companies provide corporate-level clients with a mandate to use software products, the main product is a wps specialized version, and have a clear advantage in government and large enterprises, benefiting from autonomous control and formalization, and business development prospects are better; companies are moving away from product authorization to cloudization and service delivery at the end of bg, and value-added operations at the end of .
All cloud services of Wps+ Integrator are the focus of commercialization realization. Industry profile: Prospective, market size is expected to reach $14.9 billion c end in 2023: "Free + high quality products" attracts users, advertising and subscription services are realized
bg End: Orthodoxization and autonomous control over enabling business development, high value-added service horizons, microsoft, cloudy strategies for gold mountain operations, much to predict the logic of mark and medium- and long-line growth.
KIMshan Office - 30 years of wind and rain grinding, leading the development of national production office software KIMshan Office is the leading office software and service provider in the country, mainly engaged in design development and marketing of wpsoffice office software products and services. KIMshan Office provides excellent wpsoffice office software and value-added booking for government and individual users on multiple platforms.
At the organizational level, users are provided with client-end products and corresponding office value-added services, which are earned mainly through software authorizations; at the end of the spectrum, companies provide client-end products free of charge, value-added services in the form of fee-for-member services, and income is earned through Internet advertising and value-added services.
Figure 2: Gold Mountain office collection structure (millions)  Value Added Service Subsistence Software Use of Authorised Internet Advertising to promote Kimshan offices — 30 years of wind and rain grinding leading to the development of national production office software
From wps1.0 under the dos system, to wpsoffice 2005, which is very similar to Microsoft Office, to wpsapp at the mobile end, the office in Kimshan has been changing in response to changing market demand.
Take off again, take another path, go beyond the curve (1988-1992)
• In 1988, Uncle was invited by Yong Yong Zhang • in 1993, the ancient component led to the death of Kim San • in 2001 and benefited from the large scale of the government
• In 2011, the Lui army returned to KIMshan to push for the purchase of the original software, wps to harvest large-scale mobile end-product research and development, wps
The leading advantage of the dos system was that year when the first Andre system was launched.
• In 1996, the company agreed with Microsoft to a mobile end product dos system, Chinese-language text.
Wps Format and Doc Format Interreading Agreement • In 2002, product designs were introduced very similar to Microsoft Office, for personal use
• In 2013, wps rolled out the membership services word processing system wps1.0, and the city took a quick marketing strategy to tie up with the office
Free wpsoffice 2005, 2019, Kimsan office in the founding board, took a share of the market, was developed in Kimshan.
• In 1992, the Lui Army joined Kimsan, wps97, wps2000, which didn't win
Back in the market, the company's development was a bottleneck, and the company was on the market, and the Lui army left to start a second business in KIMshan.
KIMsan software is the parent company, the Lui army is the actual controller, the employee's motivation is accompanied by capital, KIMshan software is the actual owner of the company, and the Lui army is the actual owner of the company. KIMshan software indirectly holds 52.71% of the company's shares through wps Cayman, wps Hong Kong.
Vi, Qiven, Qivin, Qivin, and Qivin 7 are the company’s actual controllers. The company’s long-term development is facilitated by the high shareholding rate of its employees.
Figure 4: Office equity structure in Phnom Penh Industry profile: Prospective, market size is expected to reach $14.9 billion in 2023, end of c: “Free + high quality products” attracts users, advertising and subscription services are realized
bg End: Orthodoxization and autonomous control over enabling business development, high value-added service horizons, microsoft, cloudy strategies for gold mountain operations, much to predict the logic of mark and medium- and long-line growth.
The high growth in corporate revenue, the slight decline in the Māori rate, and the sustained growth in net profits The high growth in Māori revenues and the high Māori rate. In 2020 h1, the company achieved operating income of 916 million yuan, a 33.64 per cent increase compared to the previous year, a decline in growth, mainly due to the epidemic, a slowdown in the growth of authorized operations and a slowdown in the overall market; and Māori 789 million yuan, a rate of 86.14 per cent.
The company’s net profits have continued to grow, mainly in connection with the increase in operating efficiency and in the scale of operations. By 2020, h1 achieved net profits of $357 million, an increase of 143.30 per cent compared to the previous year. This is mainly due to increased operating efficiency and expansion of operations, as well as a rapid increase in overall revenue and control of costs and costs associated with the epidemic’s impact.
Corporate business expansion, increased R & D investment, increased cost rates in 2019 Corporate cost rates are stable and increased in 2019, mainly due to company business expansion and increased R & D input; decrease in H1 in 2020, mainly affected by the epidemic, and corporate cost controls.
Research and development (R & D) has been heavily invested, and companies have developed specialized software design and research teams. The cost of R & D in 2020 was $306 million, an increase of 109.72 per cent over the same period, while R & D fees stood at 33.47 per cent. As of 2020 h1, the company had 1547 R & D technicians, or 65.2 per cent of the total workforce, and increased R & D investment has provided strong support to companies in the development and upgrading of quality products.
With the exception of 2015, the net operating cash flow ratio of the company to the net profit margin of the company has remained essentially stable and higher than 100 per cent, with a ratio of -38 per cent in 2015, mainly due to the larger share cost of the year, amounting to 208 million United States dollars.
Industry profile: Prospective, market size is expected to reach $14.9 billion c-end in 2023: “Free + high quality products” attracts users, advertising and subscription services are realized bg-end: positive and autonomous enabler business development, value-added services are promising
There's much to be gained from a cloudy strategy for microsoft, a logical prediction of the mark and medium- and long-range growth of the gold mountain business, the development of the software market and the growing demand for the Internet, and the prospect of a new breakthrough in the office software market.
The rapid development of the software and information technology services industry has provided a favourable environment for the development of the office software industry. From 2010 to 2019, our revenue from the software and information technology services industry grew from $1.36 trillion in 2010 to $7.17 trillion in 2018, with a combined annual growth rate of 18.09 per cent.
At the bottom, we have about 903 million Internet users, 64.5% of the country’s Internet penetration, and a larger space for growth; the Internetization concept will encourage more businesses to join the “Internet+” transition. China’s basic office software market is promising, with an estimated market size of 14.9 billion yuan in 2023.
The market for basic office software is promising, with a large user base, with a market size of $8,534 million in 2018 and an expected market size of $14.9 billion in 2023. \triangleright software and information technology services industries have developed rapidly, providing an excellent basic development environment for the office software industry, allowing users to think and communicate information in the country.
More advanced and more synergistic results provide a strong guarantee for the further development of the office software industry. According to world information statistics, the size of the public software market in China in 2018 was 8,534 million yuan, an increase of 9.7 per cent in comparison with the previous period, 655 million people, an increase of 4.8 per cent compared with the previous year, and it is expected that the size of the industry market will reach 1,404 million yuan in 2023, or 11.8 per cent in capr.
The basic office software benefits from the protection of intellectual property rights.
Office software firms are fast on the path of industrialization and scale development; informationization has been identified as a key strategic national initiative, with a wide market space for the national production of office software.
Autonomous control policy provides a wide range of \triangleright development spaces for domestic office software manufacturers.
The demand has led to the future of nationally produced operating systems, databases, intermediates and office software in key sectors and areas such as national party politics, military and business units.
In particular, in the context of the current trade war, there is an urgent need for national production in all units of the party military, with office software covering important documents.
The financial and intellectual sources of the East are the largest in the international market, and the wps have a share in the domestic market.
In the international market, Microsoft’s microsoftoffice is absolutely dominant.
The market is monopolistic. Google, Apple, Han Soft, etc. also have a higher market share in the domestic market, wps have an absolute advantage among national producers.
According to the market, wps have been active in expanding the number of users of government companies in the country through years of deep-deep Chinese office software, as well as gaining access to a large number of individual users through a free-of-charge strategy.
The emphasis on full national production in the area of software, independent research and development of wps, adapted national production systems, and greater advantages in government procurement, with a very broad market outlook.
It is expected that Microsoft, the Golden Mountain Corporation subscriptions will become the main force in the future.
Long space for b-end subscription services. A comparison between the office in Kimsan and Microsoft Office shows that the office in Kimshan is currently in phase two, and the company's current subscription service is personal.
Subscribes are mostly based on the rich functionality of office software and template resources for efficiency enhancement, end-of-end subscriptions are in the start-up phase, and clouding services have great scope for growth.
According to our calculations, domestic institutions subscribe to a potential market of more than $60 billion. The company is actively promoting the deployment of wps+ cloud services in the government sector, through the advance wps profession.
The editions provide a good user base, the wps+ roll-out to the end of the river, and the b-book is expected to be the most promising growth point in the future for the office in KIMshan through the continuous penetration of the market.
Wps is constantly developing product research and development, creating six major competitive advantages for the ability to compete with mainstream office software.wps
Currently available on multi-platform and standard, the standard seter of the uof Chinese format,
The application of artificial intelligence in office software is different from the mainstream international product
Wps continues to develop products that create six major competitive advantages, adapt to state-owned platforms, meet the domestic production needs of basic software, and guarantee national information security.wps support hard cores, fly-on, magnified cores, and Schenwee, produce cpu, provide depth fit in the linux environment, support national production operating systems, and wpsofficelinux products demonstrate a number of "nuclear high-level" applications.
China is deeply integrated with the State-owned office system, the political platform of the party organs, and the business unit service platform as examples of applications. The company works together with the systems integrator, the basic hardware manufacturer, and the basic software manufacturer to promote the development of the basic state-owned office application system.
Four years of product grinding creates better industrial barriers. Brand barriers, technical barriers, barriers to products and services, barriers to experience, barriers to industrial chains.
Wps' Protector's River, while consolidating its position, is striking at industry leaders. wps continue to develop products, creating six major competitive advantages, 5 localizing advantages consistent with domestic user usage. wps, in conjunction with user landscape analysis, integration of application systems, and competitive function analysis, are studied in depth for the benefit of the country.
Domestic users provide resources and support services that are closer to national office habits.
Resources platform provides big templates and materials Special functional services to enhance office efficiency Cloud services to meet remote office needs
• Issue-oriented, issue-oriented, dedicated to providing wealth through the rice-shell platform, targeting users • targeting user office needs
• Cloud service providers use not only technical services teams in the industry, but also office templates and materials for organizational needs, such as:
Rich file processing, pdf processing, pictures including gold clouds under the flag of the parent company, and customer customized services:
Processing functions, improving office efficiency: summary reports, event competitions, financial reports and many of the country ' s top cloud services
1) Full application of service penetration products, modeled for table, resume and grade categories 1) file processing, except for provision of regularity
Commercial cooperation, such as nut clouds, Ali clouds, etc., to build up cases of demand and programme solutions for clients in advance to help users make them fast and efficient
Regulations for full text translation, document restoration, text as opposed to Microsoft's use of onedrive, document, implementation process for client resolution in the medium term
Professional, high-quality office documents. Plot-reading equivalents, faster transmission of artificial intelligence and automatic documentation
• The platform is open for users to upload, operate easily and fit better for domestic use
The technology provides practical tools such as ocr identification, cross-charting, home-made templates and materials, and the author can only type papers, and
Household demand for accessibility and efficiency. 2) Large client exclusive services provide clients with high-quality templates and resources through the provision of fees
..in cloud services, wps are responsible only for users, dedicated project managers and service teams.
(b) Data permission validation, data uploading,
Project implementation, product deployment, 2.pdf tool kit file formatting downloads are third-party clothes like Golden Clouds.
Customization development, system testing, application support • Completing the interface between the user provider and the user by providing the user with exclusive customization.
functional features such as switching, pdf file editing; design services, clients only need to provide modifications to design 3) photo processing
wps are neither involved in the data transfer process, nor 3) dedicated programme services are available on a proprietary basis for customers to request their own needs.
Inches, compressed photographs, dissipated colours, flipped from the above transmissions, deployed and specific office security parties.
Translation of basic features such as pictures, puzzles, personalization templates for third-party cloud service providers, such as clouds
The need for simple photo processing by users is met, resources are stored, data security is secured, and the landscape office is extremely convenient.
Wps continues to develop products, creating six major competitive advantages – a six-price advantage. Wps has a free-of-charge strategy at the personal level. Wps also has a clear price advantage over Microsoft for government procurement, Wps offers a lower price than for office software services, and wps have worked deep into the domestic market for years, with experience in custom-based services and a clear advantage over Microsoft.
Figure 20: Wps vs. Prices for Government Procurement of Selected Microsoft Products Industry Profile: Prospective, expected market size to reach $14.9 billion c End of 2023: Free + High Quality Products to attract users, advertising and subscription services are realized
bg End: Orthodoxization and autonomous control over enabling business development, high value-added service horizons, microsoft, cloudy strategies for gold mountain operations, much to predict the logic of mark and medium- and long-line growth.
The number of active monthly users of the company ' s main product (mau) reached 454 million as at 30 June 2020, an increase of 36.28 per cent, of which the wpsofficepc version of mau reached 172 million and the mobile version of mau was 275 million.
wps increases user stickyness by constantly grinding high-quality products.wps focus on mobile end-products at the end of c. Wps focuses on low-quantity, high-priced, improved user experience based on the country’s usage of software.
The growth in Internet advertising services has been relatively steady and declining, mainly because companies control advertising placement patterns for user experience reasons: Māori rates have shown a downward trend, mainly because of higher server and bandwidth costs due to the growth in the size of users. In 2017-2019, the growth in company Internet advertising, the company ' s constant balance of product user experiences, and the multiple effects of the low market for branded media advertising under the epidemic showed a slight decline for individuals.
idc and cdn costs are increasing faster as a result of the growth in user size, while the growth in revenue from the current operation has slowed and the Māori rate has declined. Individual subscriptions have grown rapidly, with over 12 million individual subscriptions, income from individual subscriptions has grown rapidly, user numbers have grown, consumption frequency and transformation rates have increased, users have become more sticky, and companies have actively opened new marketing channels
In 2019, the individual subscription business received $640 million, an increase of 73.5 per cent over the same period, the income from individual subscriptions was mainly from the income of members of wps and riceshells, and companies strengthened client outreach through a variety of innovative channels to enhance user experience. The number of payers has steadily increased, with an aggregate fee-paying individual membership of 16.81 million in 2020. In 2020, the cumulative annual fee-paying individual membership amounted to 1.81 million.
This represents an increase of 98.47 per cent over the same period, with the number of user fees per person growing faster through the optimization of product services and the introduction of a large number of high-quality resources to attract individual users to subscribe to related services.The rate of conversion of fee-paying users has increased, and value-added services have expanded in scope.
Two subscription services for wps members of software functionality services and resource-oriented riceshell members are introduced to attract user subscriptions to relevant services through the optimization of product services through the introduction of a large number of high-quality resources.
The rate of conversion of fee-paying users has increased, and the growth of value-added services has increased rapidly. By optimizing product services, the rate of conversion of fee-paying users has increased rapidly. As of 2020 h1, the rate of conversion of fee-paying users was 3.7 per cent, which is lower than that of competitions, and there is scope for future growth.
In the event of an outbreak that drives the clouding of the office, there is a great prospect of the development of the gold mountain file, which has not been realized for the time being, the Golden Hill file is a document editing product focused on online collaboration among many people, the epidemic has driven a surge in user demand, and the gold mountain office has made a monthly breakthrough of 239 million, which has yet to be commercialized. The gold mountain file should be used for various third-party collaboration scenarios, editing and collaboration.
As a result of this increase, the number of monthly active users of the gold mountain file reached 239 million as of 2 March 2020 and, as of 27 February 2020, the number of daily online editors has increased by more than 6.5 times, a trend that further shapes user habits, boosts market demand, and creates a huge space for wpsoffice’s future expansion of personal and business subscriptions. The company is now focusing more on improving user stickyness in the gold mountain file project, with no large commercialization plans in the short term.
The gold mountain file is moving from document collaboration to work-life collaboration. The gold mountain document product matrix is evolving and the document collaboration to work-life collaboration is moving.
In addition to the many co-ed editors who support the traditional text, table, presentation, pdf, the Kimshan file developed forms, meetings, to-dos, calendars, etc.
Using functionality to satisfy the many work-in-collaborative scenes, it breaks out of the realm of simple document-on-line collaboration and becomes the new generation of corporate productivity that supports the whole spectrum of work-in-collaborative collaboration.
and personal efficiency products; recently, sub-programs such as forms, to-dos, calendars, etc. have been renamed gold hill forms, gold mountain to-dos, gold mountain calendars, etc. This change of name means gold.
The sequence of mountain document products is clearer, and the online collaborative office function is built around actual time, and the "Kingshan Document" is a matrix of products that evolves over time.
The gold mountain file has a certain advantage over the gold tungsten document, graphite document, and the gold mountain file has a certain competitive advantage as an expert in the field of deep-down office software.
Industry profile: Prospective, market size is expected to reach $14.9 billion c-end in 2023: “Free + high quality products” attracts users, advertising and subscription services are realized bg-end: positive and autonomous enabler business development, value-added services are promising
For Microsoft, the cloud strategy can be very useful for the gold mountain business to predict the logic of the mark and the medium- and long-line growth.
The revenue from the use of authorized office software products has increased steadily, falling as a percentage of total revenue, and the Māori rate has stabilized at a higher level. In 2017-2019, the authorized business earned $2.84 million, or 6.13 per cent, of the authorized business income for H1 office software in 2020, respectively, compared to 6.13 per cent for the epidemic.
The impact has been enormous, with mandated operations showing a slowing trend over the same period of growth, with future increases being supported by the recovery process in various sectors and by the policy of the domestic production-based software and hardware industry. The main product is the wps professional version, which has a clear advantage in government and large firms, benefiting from autonomy.
Controllable and up-to-date, business development prospects are better. To meet client security and reliability needs, the linux version has fully supported the national production platform and the national production operating system; on the channel, households are mainly government and foreign companies, the product has achieved basic coverage, and there is more room for growth in the future.
Small and medium-sized enterprise (SMEs) markets, firms have been expanding their SME market access significantly since 2019. The shift in product authorization to cloudization and serviceization, the shift in value-added operations at the bg end, the shift from product authorization to cloud-based service-type patterns, the wps+ is a core strategy, and as the demand for cloudized office increases in the future,
Corporate subscriptions are expected to make a breakthrough. In 2019, the share of software cloud authorizations has increased significantly, and wps+ private clouds have replaced clients as the main procurement product for large-scale businesses, whose business systems process large volumes of documents, wps output document capabilities, and provide services such as confidential document checks. In some companies, wps have become office services consultants and provide more services in the process of client office informationization.
Figure 35: wps+privatization deployment Chart 34: wps changing business patterns at the end of bc
With the wps as the main product, there are two models of quantitative and site authorization that keep pace with corporate cloudization, service-based strategies, and with bg-end clients.
Relationships have been transformed from buying and selling authorizations to cloud-based service patterns, with the earliest service forms dominated by cloud storage, enhanced cloud services based on security, synergy, document content output, etc.
In addition to client authorization, cloud storage, collaboration, cloud security, documentation services wps+ all cloud services are the focus of commercialization.
The conventional office suite consists of software thinking, the sale of software authorization services for businesses and individuals, the development of wps into the Internet, the backlash of the wps cloud office services during the epidemic, and the trend towards corporate gain. Wps+ all cloud services fully reflect the advantages of teleworking, with hundreds of thousands of small businesses providing cloud office services as of 30 June 2020.
In the first half of 2020, various product versions, such as the Wps stream sign integration, the wps commercial secret and the map, were released, expanding their functionality while the api interface was fully available to ecological partners. By June 2020, the gold mountain office had accumulated and 190 eco-partners completed product matching, working closely with basic manufacturers such as dragon cores, fly-tengs, thugs, unisons, quails, and the Great Wall.
It covers a number of areas, such as co-location, input methods, mail, voice recognition, and hand-written panels and panels, and forms a complete solution.
There is a clear difference in the location of his cloud collaboration office products. wps have three remote collusive office products: golden mountain, wps+ and wps cloud files, three product locations, wps+ for large b ends, public.
The Department ' s 2020 priority dynamic product, wps+, covers all company-owned clouds, has achieved a certain competitive advantage and has a relatively high liquidity potential. Industry profile: the outlook is high, with the market projected to be 14.9 billion yuan in 2023
End c: "Favoured + high quality products" attracts users, advertising and subscription services are realized bg end: positive and autonomous facilitation of authorized business development, value-added services are promising for microsoft and cloudy strategies are promising
Microsoft is the champion of office software and has generated 1400 times more returns for investors since it was listed.
Soft has gradually taken a lead in the areas of operating systems and office software, with rapid growth in revenue and net profits, mostly at a rate of more than 30%, a gradual increase in net profits from 20% to more than 30%, and a rapid rise in equity prices after companies have taken the lead, leading to a sharp increase in market value from $785 million to more than $200 billion. Microsoft has slowed down in the era of missed mobile Internet development.
During Steve Balmer’s term (2000-2013), Microsoft slowed down, Westa suffered a landslide, and stock prices stagnated. With the collapse of the Internet bubble and the collapse of Microsoft stock prices, Microsoft’s roll-out of Vista suffered a rundown from less than 20% to a single digit, even with negative growth in 2009, net profit growth trends fluctuated frequently, resulting in market values falling from a maximum of over $400 billion to more than $200 billion.
During the launch of Satya Nadera in Ceo (2014-2019), Microsoft hugged the cloud, retakes, stock prices rose, and the market was worth more than trillion dollars. Microsoft turned on the cloud strategy, published office 365, and acquired Linkedin and Github, which succeeded in growing corporate business through open ecology.
The current operations of the company are divided into three categories: productivity and business processes, smart clouds, and more individuals. After Nadera's appointment to ceo, Microsoft gave up moving each other.
The failed strategic layout of the networking era focused on the cloud, building an open-source smart cloud ecology based on cloud computing, with productivity operations dominated by saas, smart cloud operations dominated by the services of the Yaas and Paas, companies gaining revenue and profits while the cloud-centred strategic layout was recognized by the market, and corporate overall valuation levels were rising.
In the period 2002-2013, the income classification and scope of the company has been adjusted several times to include mainly office income, the income structure is purer, and the operating profitability of the branch of the business in question fluctuates from 65 to 70 per cent.
The potential for product-based software is enormous; since 2014, the operating profitability of this segment has declined, mainly as a result of increased investment in cloud transformation research and development and the acquisition of linkedin in 2016. The business profits of the office ' s branch of operations have been relatively high in the aggregate, with a ratio of more than 50 per cent until 2015, and Microsoft office is a dominant office in the field of office software, and commercialization has been successful.
There are problems with the compatibility of office software, and the best solution is to record files in the same format, which requires that both send and receive the same software, and that the market for office software has a natural Mahta effect, which makes it easier to create a unique situation. By catching up with the different strategy choices that Microsoft has made in the face of competition and when it is in the lead, Microsoft has achieved great success in the commercialization of the office.
When the competition is largely in line with competition, and with restraint with regard to piracy, which further erodes the exclusive market for other competitions, the office price is significantly higher than the competition, and is beginning to focus on combating piracy and further harvesting the market.
Microsoft has maintained a 12-month pre-existing market advantage, and Microsoft has taken the lead in rolling out graphics.
Product update cycle. Microsoft's quick update allows Microsoft to develop graphical interfaces simultaneously with major pay-as-you-go enterprises to automate them.
It quickly became the most functional on the market, and the users were very attractive, and the Wordperfert and others experienced the best office software products. And they competed.
Competing is only easy to compare with Microsoft's office, the rivals are less frequently updated, and a large number of users will be able to do easy-to-grave macro functions from the office.
It's almost impossible for the office to switch to Microsoft office products and to switch to other competitions.
During the time when the office missed the mobile office, there was a tendency for Microsoft to miss the mobile office. The Microsoft office was developing slowly at the mobile end, slowly starting, with little input, with a large application package at the mobile end, and still, according to the pc end, the product was divided into a number of stand-alone applications, such as Word, Excel, Powerpoint, and so forth, compared to the wholeinone concept of other competitions.
As data networks develop and smart cell phones become more powerful, mobile offices are becoming possible. According to idc, in 2019, the global volume of pc shipments was 261 million.
The number of mobile phones available is 1,371 million, and according to data from a micronet, the top 90% of the organizations request mobile office space when selecting oa software, and mobile office capacity is almost the label of all organizations.
The key to the process of office software is to manage the transition from dos to a country with a fast-growing mobile Internet in the Internet age.
The clouding strategic support office takes off again, and the product pattern shifts from authorized to subscriptions. Following Nadera's inauguration, Microsoft turns on the clouding transition and, by opening up the breadth of ecological outreach services, the cloudization of the office can be divided into the following stages:
(b) Phase II (2011-2018): roll-out of office 365 subscriptions to recommend subscription services to b end-users by e-mail, in-house socialization and collaboration, communications and meetings, and gradually extending the target user community to individual users, focusing on directing b-end clients from authorized to service;
Phase III (2019-present): full embrace of cloudization, with office 365 now known as microsoft 365, transmission of authorized office gradually marginalized, office 2019 no follow-up functional update and only bug repair. Figure 46: Office 365 cloudization process
Distribution of personal and family editions of office 365 monthly updates for businesses, business users, educational institutions
• Individual users of personal editions, home version services, presentation of office 365, announced monthly updates, and three components, respectively, of Microsoft.
Office 2019 for extra onedrive storage space and period release is only recorders, bookkeeping tools, lectures
• Mainly exchangeserver (e-mail), couple of years of office 365 updates, skype calls.
Practice, ai technology frees productivity and office 2019 is no longer monthly.
and lync (for communications, voip and meetings) New, only update bug fixes release microsofteams and
The high growth in Microsoft subscriptions, which are expected to replicate and catch up with Microsoft office subscriptions, and the high growth in Microsoft office subscriptions, which are expected to replicate and catch up.
In 2011, Microsoft launched a cloud-based office 365, and the business model shifted from a sub-payment to a pay-as-you-go, phase-by-use model. The total number of users of the enterprise version increased significantly each year, and the value was far higher than that of individual users. As of the 2019 financial report, the number of office 365 end users reached 170 million, the number of individual end users reached 40 million, and the number of business office 365 users increased at the same rate every quarter.
Maintained at more than 25 per cent, family office 365 users grew at a quarterly rate of over 12 per cent, and domestic institutional office subscriptions are still in the pre-boom phase, with the future of the industry: the outlook is high, the market is expected to reach $14.9 billion in 2023, end of which: “Free + high-quality products” attracts users, advertising and subscription services are realized
bg end: formalization and autonomous control of enabling business development, high value-added service prospects, Chinese-American microsoft, cloudy strategies that can be used to predict the logic of mark and medium- and long-line growth in the Golden Mountain business.
wps members and riceshell members are the main components of the subscription business, which has had a significant impact on revenue collection, and in recent years have been a phase of rapid expansion of scale, which is expected to decrease in the future, but which has remained at a high level of growth. The 2019 newspaper revealed that the number of fee-paying members was 12.2 million (retail members removed), and the company did not disclose the respective numbers of wps and riceshell members, with total projections
12.7 million (no retail members were excluded) The ratio of retail members is on the decline and is projected to be arpu
With regard to subscriptions to rice shell agencies, in 2020 the company began to promote the Wps+ Cloud Service, divided into private clouds for large enterprises and public clouds for small and medium-sized enterprises, as a purchase addition after soft authorization, at a unit price of $299 per station/year, with a large number of free accounts issued during the outbreak.
The main users of the institutions are government, enterprises, and the main clients are now government and large corporations, most of which deploy private clouds for security reasons; in the future, small and medium-sized enterprises will grow faster, small and medium-sized enterprises will have larger markets, and will contribute more. As a result of the growth and size effects of Arpu, the Māori rate of subscriptions is projected to rise.
Figure 50: Forecast of subscription operations (institutional subscriptions and the overall situation)  Advertisements are aimed primarily at free active users at the wps individual end, free user mau is the indicator, free user mau=number of web users*wps product penetration rate is expected to grow by 6 per cent per annum and penetration rate is steadily increasing.
Because of the trade-off between user experience and advertising, companies have exercised restraint in advertising, and one-person income is expected to decline further. \triangleright will increase significantly the costs of idc and cdn as the number of wps increases, and the Mäori rate is expected to decline further.
The use of authorized business forecasts for office software products The authorized business has been growing at a more stable pace in recent years, but has been declining in the collection ratio, mainly with the faster growth of subscriptions. \triangleright
In a positive and secure policy environment, business growth opportunities are expected to be greater in the coming years, with major clients in this area being governments and large firms, with companies occupying the bulk of the market, followed by real growth, and larger market space for SME clients in the future. Pay-for-money users are growing less than expected, and institutions are not expanding as expected;
(b) Risk of change in national policies in the area of autonomous innovation;
The securities computer team, which organizes a team focused on research: cloud computing, information network security, medical informatics, industrial software, big data on ai, car networking, 5g applications, financial technology and digital money, etc., pursues the concept of industrial research for value creation.
Research assistant profile Chen Xiaobo
We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute offers or offers for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or authors.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment money to these companies.