Super-expected performance, accelerated growth of national production office taps, gold mountain office (6881.sh) and national production office taps, subscription space, first-time coverage of the “buy-in” rating
As the impact of the epidemic subsides, corporate governance is expected to recover gradually, while individual subscriptions are expected to continue to grow at a high rate, with high expectations of long-term growth. We predict that the company will return to net profit in 2020-2022, but take into account the company’s leading position in the country’s office, and cover the first time that a “buy-in” rating has been awarded.
• Higher performance than expected, with high performance in personal subscription services: Business income for company 2020h1 increased by 33.64 per cent over the same period, with: Office software authorized business of 214 million, 6.13 per cent over the same period; Office services subscription business of 533 million, 70.89 per cent over the same period; Internet advertising promoted
At the same time, the cost rate fell by 9.13 percentage points over the same period. Moreover, the company ' s cash flow was excellent, with net cash flows from business activities amounting to $452 million, an increase of 227.91 per cent over the same period, mainly due to an increase in receipts from subscriptions to office services.
By the end of June 2020, the company ' s main product Mau had reached a steady growth rate of 454 million, a 30.5 per cent increase in the same year and a 1.6 per cent increase in the ring, of which the wpsofficepc version of mau was 172 million and the mobile version of mau was 275 million.
The cumulative annual fee-paying individual membership is 1.81 million, an increase of 39.85% compared to the beginning of the year, 98.47% more than at the end of June 2019, and continues to outpace other home-grown office software.
• The proposed acquisition of 37.52 per cent of the digital network, improving the layout of the country's production in the area ofofd. The digital network is a leading producer in the country in the field ofofd. The company will increase its cooperation with the digital network, which will provide government and industry users with better-quality office software products through various forms of collaborative development, proxy products, etc.
And services. The company has now established a leading role in high-flow office software in the IT field, which is expected to expand the market through the acquisition of several sections, and the company’s layout in the national production office will be further improved.
Performance exceeded expectations. Business income for 2020h1 grew by 33.64 per cent over the year, largely as a result of rapid growth in subscription services; net return to mothers was $357 million, an increase of 143.3 per cent over the same period; net profit deductions were $266 million, and figure 1:20h1 grew at a smooth rate.
Figure 2: Accelerated growth in net profit return from 2020h1 from business developments: Office software authorized operations of 214 million, an increase of 6.13 per cent over the same period; Office services subscription operations of 533 million, an increase of 70.89 per cent over the high rate; Internet advertising promotion operations of 169 million, a rise of the same year
Figure 3: The share of revenue from office services subscriptions increased rapidly, with a significant increase in Māori sales by company 2020h1. The Māori ratio rose by 3.48 percentage points, by 86.14 per cent, and increased profitability in the first half of the year, mainly as a result of an increase in the share of subscription services.
Upgraded, while the cost rate fell during the period, the net profit level of the company also rose from 21.44% of the 209h1 level to 39.03%. Cost management included R & D costs. 2020h1 ' s net cash flow of operating activities improved significantly.
Net cash flows from activities amounted to $452 million, an increase of 227.91 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the receipt of office services subscriptions. The net profit growth ring of company 2020q2 continued to rise.q2 Q2 achieved operating income of $544 million in the first quarter, an increase of 129.2 per cent.
The Māori rate and net interest rate for sales from company 2020q2 increased markedly and also exceeded the level of 2018q2.Figure 9: Cost rates dropped significantly during company 2020q22
The number of monthly active users of the company ' s main product has been growing steadily, and the number of paid individual members has grown rapidly. By the end of June 2020, the number of monthly active users of the company ' s main product (mau) had reached 454 million, an increase of 30.5 per cent over the same period, and the ring had grown by 1.6 per cent, of which the monthly active users of the wpsofficepc version were 172 million; the monthly active mobile version was used
Two hundred and seventy-five million households; monthly active users of other products of the company, such as the Golden Mountain Phrase, who continue to lead the way in producing office software in other countries. The cumulative annual fee-paying individual membership is 16.81 million, an increase of 39.85% compared to the beginning of the year, an increase of 98.47% compared to the end of June 2019, and a continuing ahead of other home-grown office software.
A rapid increase in household rates, increased customer stickyness, a steady increase in corporate growth logic, a steady increase in office subscriptions, a strong political leader, the acquisition of digital web-based layouts, 3.1, the integration of government enterprises with new technologies, and a multi-dimensional upgrading of product capacity
In the first half of 2020, several product versions, such as wps, commercial and graphic versions, were published in an integrated version of the flow of wps, while expanding their functionality, opening up the api interface to all ecological partners, helping a wide range of ecological partners to enrich their product capabilities and improve their competitiveness.
Figure 13: Wps client supports secondary development of the Golden Mountain document feature service
Wps client re-developed rich integration capacity to help developers quickly complete their own development Quick production of wps loads
Integrated oa system java/c++ Office Application Integration wps As of June 2020, gold mountain offices had cumulatively completed product fit-out with 190 eco-partners with dragons
The basic manufacturers of cores, fly-tengs, thugs, thugs, thugs, the Walls, etc. work closely together to develop a complete solution in a variety of areas, such as co-location, input methods, mail, voice recognition, and hand-written panels. 3.2, the proposed acquisition of a digital network of 37.52% shares, and the improvement of the layout of the national production of the ofd area
150 million yuan to acquire shares in the network of participating companies, which will hold shares in the network, 67.52% of which will be held as controlling shareholders in the network. The network is a leading producer in the country in the area of lfd, and is the main producer of the national layout of the lfd.
According to the Int House data, products have been successfully applied over the years to more than 100 national ministries and departments, covering 33 provinces and municipalities (with the exception of Taiwan), serving more than 2,000 families.
Client units across a wide range of industry areas, such as electronic correspondence, electronic archives, electronic authentication, digital publishing, with market share figure 15: Numerical web dimensions are the leading manufacturers in the country in the area of ofd. Figure 16: Numerical web-based products are quoted by user/server end
The company will increase its cooperation with digital web-based products through various forms of collaborative development, proxy digital web-based products, and provide better quality office-based software products and services to government and industry users. The company has now established a leading position in mobile office software in the IT field, promising to expand the software market through acquisition of digital web-based products, corporate country
The layout of the production-office software area will also be further refined.4 Income end: 1) subscriptions are the focus of corporate R & D and promotion and are expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the coming years;
2) Benefiting from the development of a secure and reliable system, the use of authority for corporate office software products is expected to develop faster and show an accelerated trend; 3) Internet advertising is expected to grow more steadily. Cost side: The next few years will be a critical period for corporate R & D inputs, with rapid growth in R & D costs expected.
Māori ratio: Māori subscriptions will continue to rise as scale effects are demonstrated, driving the overall Māori ratio to increase, on the one hand, the company, as the leader of a home-grown office software, will benefit fully from a secure and reliable system; on the other hand, subscriptions are wide and the industry ceiling is far from being touched, and the company is expected to increase at a sustained rate over the next few years.
The valuation is higher than the industry average of comparable companies, but taking into account the company's scarcity and leading position in the field of national production offices, the first coverage is given as a “buy-in” rating. 1) Business is at risk of being affected by the new crown epidemic throughout the year.
Large repetitions still have an impact on the company’s operations, thus affecting the achievement of year-round performance targets. (2) Risks of technological change. If firms fail to enrich their technology stocks or upgrade new technologies in a timely manner, they may lose the leading position of existing technologies and markets.