The new program was released and asp significantly upgraded to the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: The company released its 2023 report, which generated $10,248 million in revenue, i.e. +24.3 per cent of the year; the net profit-to-mortality period cost calculation led to a lower base.
A total of 2.663 million vehicles were sold throughout the year, compared to +10.6 per cent (a distribution by the China-China Air Association). Most of the company's clients will remain well-performing. For 23 years, the company has taken over 58 new vehicle-type R & D projects, achieving 50 vehicle-type project batches, and high-quality new projects provide strong guarantees for the company's future development.
• Autolights have been upgraded and the asp has been significantly upgraded. The lamp industry is upgrading to electronic, intelligent, digital, and the lead front lights, adb lights, atmosphere lights, grid lights, cross-cutting tails, dlp, and so on have become a new trend. For 23 years, corporate front lights, post-package lamps, small lights, etc. have been sold separately.
162.1 dollars, or +25.4% of the year, and a significant increase in the asp, with high-value-added front and post-combined lamps selling at 37.2% and +0.05 pp. As the product structure of the company continues to optimize and the industry continues to upgrade, the client profile expands and the global layout accelerates.
In addition, companies are actively promoting globalization and expanding overseas markets as the corporate client structure continues to optimize, with a rising share of high-tech, high-value-added products.
In 23 years, Serbia’s productive capacity was gradually released, working with its head office to take over the client globalization project, creating a good basis for companies to expand their markets abroad; and registering Mexican and American companies to further improve the overseas layout. Pe’s 28/24/21 and the net profit of the mother cagr for the next three years was 19.4%, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Starwood shares (601799): q1 performance pressure, pending industry stability (2023-05-03) Scenario 2: adb, dlp, matrix large, cross-cutting taillights, starlights, etc.
The ratio of high value-added products has increased, and the unit price of lamps has been increasing, with an estimated amount of $186,205/221 per unit in 24-26 years, and Noro will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.