Starwoo shares (601799.sh): 23 years of performance meets expectations, global layout pushes forward Starwoo shares (601799.sh)
Events: Companies published 2023 annual reports, and in 2023 they realized $10.25 billion in revenue, compared to $3.01 billion in operating income, compared to 31.9 per cent in the quarter; net profit from repatriation, calculated at 321 million
A new vehicle-type research and development project resulted in the production of 50 vehicle-type projects, which generated $9.60 billion, plus 27 per cent, and a Māori rate of 21.79 per cent, respectively - 0.56 ptt. In 2024, new projects are expected to support the vehicle as it deepens in collaboration with a new, high-quality, autonomous brand.
The lighting business continues to grow robustly. At the same time, companies are actively developing smart products and upgrading the unit price of products through value additions to technology, including dlp smart headlamps based on dmd technology, hd smart headlamps based on microlled technology, microlled/miniled technology based on technology.
Pixel-based interactive lights, smart digital grids/digital bumpers, carlight controllers (hcm/rcm/lcu, car electron, etc.) are expected to open up future growth space. A significant increase, with a Maori rate well above domestic levels, is expected to be a significant next-generation increase for companies.
On the enabling side, the company continues to expand its overseas base, Serbia’s stellar capacity is gradually released, and the creation of the Mesico and American stellar is expected to advance further into North America and expand the growth curve overseas. Profit predictions: company traffic lights have tied up the country’s new, high-quality energy customers and have become stronger customers.
\triangleright and technical barriers, growing robustly, followed by new domestic projects, higher unit prices for products, and Hilda Securities Co. Ltd.
Risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, unanticipated sales of supporting vehicles, year-on-year pressure, exchange rate cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City
Four years of research and research in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. Car industry chains are covered, with emphasis on Tesla, smart cars, brand names, etc.
Technology Center and Joaquin Securities, one year ' s work experience with car companies + two years ' experience in the automobile industry. Covers the entire car, Tesla industrial chain, electric mind, and the University of Melbourne, with a Master of Finance, covering the areas of smart cabins, electric motorization, and whole cars.
This report has been produced and published by the CVM. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, providing support and reference to investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. Sindam securities are not considered by recipients to be an ex officio recipient of this report. This report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information considered reliable by the recipient, but the Sindam securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and predictions contained in this report are only dated from the date of the original presentation of the present report and may involve varying degrees of volatility in the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in this report.
The historical performance of securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.