q1 Mäori q1 under pressure to wait for new projects to be put into use by the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: 24-year quarterly reports from the company, which generated operating revenue of $24.12 billion, compared to +25.5 per cent, sustained growth in the business of the ring vs. growth rate, and pressure on the Māori ratio. 24q1 domestic car sales increased by 6.4 per cent and 10.6 per cent, respectively, by 6.4 per cent and by 10.6 per cent, respectively, as domestic car lights.
In terms of performance, 24q1 Māori is 19.6%, compared to 1.9 pp, mainly due to the rise in the share of new power clients, Māori is lower than traditional customers. The channel transition has been upgraded, and the asp has been significantly upgraded. The lighting industry is moving towards computerization, intelligence, and digitization.
Leed front lights, adb lights, mood lights, grid lights, cross-cutting tails, dlp, etc., are new trends. For 23 years, corporate front lights, back-to-back lights, small lights were sold 162.1 dollars, compared to 25.4%, and the asp was significantly upgraded, with high value added front and back-to-back lights sold.
As the product structure of the company continues to optimize and industry upgrades continue, the client profile expands, and the global layout accelerates. The technical barriers in the carlight industry are high, and companies, as home brands with fully own technology, have a more obvious cost advantage than foreign firms.
In addition, the company has actively promoted the globalization and expansion of overseas cities. Serbia’s capacity has gradually been released for 23 years, working with its headquarters to take over the client globalization project to expand the company.
The foreign market has laid a good foundation; Mexican and American companies have been registered to further improve the overseas distribution.
q2 performance recovery (2023-08-29) No direct or indirect compensation will be obtained for no, no reason, nor for any specific recommendation or opinion in this report.