Performance meets expectations, business growth of 2+3 is good
Performance meets expectations and growth in both traditional and emerging business is positive: net profits attributable to company shareholders in the first half of the year were $460 million, an increase of 112.84 per cent over the previous year, at a net profit on performance forecast of $432-472 million in the middle, mainly due to the company's forward-looking deployment of the new energy automobile industry.
Obtaining a large number of orders to promote faster growth in the harvest, subject to a shortage of chips, an increase in the price of raw materials, billions of yuan, an increase of 83.97 per cent/2.63 per cent in the comparison/ring ratio, and a steady increase in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, of which 1.70 billion won in each of the seismometers and interior parts, respectively.
The system maintained a relatively rapid increase in the volume of orders received in the early period, with light-quantified chassis generating a good expansion of the new energy automobile industry, with high growth in new operations influenced by a lack of core and market roll-out, slower growth and $81 million in revenue.
This represents an increase of 9.65 per cent over the same period. _aaa_Tupou Group (601689) Quarterly Report Reviews benefit from the development of electric intelligence, and performance is expected to continue to grow faster: companies promote “2+3” products
Industry layout and tier0.5 platform business models, especially forward-looking cab smart driving _aaa_Top Group (601689) semi-annual reports on the evaluation of systems, heat management systems, light-quantified chassis systems, three new operations will benefit directly from auto power.
In light-quantized chassis, lightweight chassis processes, high industry status and pre-emptive advantage, aluminum alloy integration, empty cast chassis approval and bulk supply, aluminium alloy casting welding chassis, etc.
Ford, rivian, and so on, has accepted and started to supply bulk. In the heat management system, a product such as integrated heat pump totals, electro-inflated valves, electro-water valves, electro-water pumps, gas separators, etc. is developed and is associated with a cooperative thermal management system.
Cho Chun Lin, an integrated solution that can provide ibs+eps to clients, is currently being tested with s02705180001
Matches. The company ' s product lines are numerous, major operations can work together to further increase the value of the bicycles, and strategic partnerships have been established with a number of car companies and more orders have been obtained. Depending on the order and projections for the future, the company further upgrades the production profile and speeds up the push forward of the Quantium Base, Ning Bohang State.
The construction of production bases in the Bay New Zone II, III, IV, V and Ningpoo regions is expected to continue at a faster pace with the release of productive capacity in the subsequent period. 22.79 times, taking into account the combined competitive advantages of companies, the “increasing” rating is maintained.
Risk factors: vehicle sales are below expectations, car electronics are not expanding as expected, lightly quantified bottom business is expanding as expected and heat management business is not expanding as expected.