2021 semi-annual report: In line with our expectations, the new energy industry  bulletin highlights: the company issues 2021 semi-annual reports, in line with our expectations: 2021h1 achieves core client release + new business drives up, cost increases + new business + changes in accounting standards
The main reason for the increase in corporate revenue in the same year was: 1) core t client q2 global delivery of 201,000 units, 122 per cent, ring 8.9 per cent, domestic wholesale volume 92,000 units, and higher cost of q2 Mäori, etc., resulting in a decrease of 2.1 ptt as a result of the q2 link. 2)
The new accounting standards include transport costs and storage costs as operating costs, a lower than average rate for new heat management systems, and a 4.9 pt for q2 as a result of the build-up cost increase.
Acknowledging that the gradual resolution of industry disadvantages will accelerate the release of performance in the second half of the year: 1) the company has successfully developed the first generation of heat management systems, which are accelerating to the market, while continuing the development and validation of integrated heat pumps version 2.0; 2) smart brake systems and transition systems are intensifying
Validates and matches and obtains client approval. 3) Depending on the order, the company speeds up the distribution of domestic/national output.
The construction of stage V bases and production bases in the Ningpoo region, new ones in Shanghai, Lake County, Xian, etc. Shortfalls and raw materials have increased, with slightly lower performance.
Preparations for the Westco factory, with a planned investment of $150 million in the first phase of the project. 4) The company is using its product lines to promote the TIER 0.5 business model, using its more than expected advantage of 2021-07-13, and is gradually gaining approval from a number of smart electric cars.
The Rivian partnership has a vehicle value of $11,000. 5) Industry disadvantage resolution + weight 1-year review: q1 performance overall, quick release of vehicle type, faster release in the second half of the year.
Lei, t client package + heat management product, step-by-step, mass supply of new products from new clients, including Ford, rivian, expected to boost the harvest. 2021-04-0.
Revenues and profits will continue to grow at a high rate, and future performance will be further unleashed.  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: companies will continue to promote R & D and production performance, given that industry disadvantages are expected to be addressed gradually in the second half of the year.
Annual Report: Performance meets expectations, continuously advancing the Tier 0.5 strategy 2021-East Wu Securities Co. Ltd. has a Portfolio Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board