Tupou Group (601689) reported mid-2021.
The forward-looking new-energy automobile industry has been growing rapidly. The company's 2021q2 revenues have dropped by 13% from 24.9%. The company's forward-looking new-energy automobile industry has made significant efforts to open up product lines and client groups, build systems, introduce talent, test capabilities, and continue to invest in North America, Europe, Shanghai, Shanghai, and so on.
R & D centres have been set up in Shenzhen, Ningbo, etc., with a total of more than 200 Ph.D. and a Master ' s degree (M.A.) in almost December.
The research team of 2,000 people has also set up a world-class pilot centre with the capacity to test and authenticate materials, produce the lowest price (m) in December, system-level and full vehicle levels, through the Iso/iec 17025 body in cnas.
The company has a number of product lines, and it has a Tier0.5 business model that can be used to reduce the impact of its customers. The model is gradually becoming intelligent.
In addition, the company and Chongqing began to collaborate on products such as the Light Quantified Chassis System in the Key Vehicle Model, and with Hua-hung in the heat management system. It benefited from the company’s extensive products in the area of new energy vehicles.
On the domestic front, companies are building new factories in Shanghai, Lake State, Xian, etc., and are accelerating the push for the base, Ningpohang Bay Bay, phase II, phase III, phase IV, and so on.
On the foreign side, the company invests additionally in Poland and speeds up production capacity to supply the demand for orders such as the chassis of European electric cars, the total integrated heat pumps and interior accessories. In addition, the company speeds up the construction of the Mexican factory, with an investment of $150 million in the first phase of the plan.
Investment advice: a prudentially recommended rating. Performance is expected to continue in the second half of the year, with the gradual resolution of the core problem and the marketing of the major client ' s focused fast-discharges during the season.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification in securities investment consulting or considerable professional competence from the Chinese Securities Association, and I have a hard-working, professional attitude and an independent and objective presence.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.