The new class releases kinetic energy and continues its high performance.
Our analysis and judgement over the reporting period was that the growth in corporate operating income and net profits was impressive, and after excluding the low base created by the effects of the epidemic in the first half of 2020, performance was still better than expected, mainly because of the massive use of new energy by the company ' s customers, which led to an expansion of corporate orders and an over-expected boost in the income growth of new products.
(i) Downstream client booms drive the expansion of corporate orders and significant increases in revenue from major products. The company’s forward-looking new energy auto industry, which has made a major effort to expand product lines and client groups, continued to grow firm orders from downstream customers during the first half of the year. The company’s main product, 2021h1, was seismometers/ interior parts/breathboard systems/cars.
With the arrival of the season of sales, the addition of a major client ' s focused fast-disbursing, bulk delivery of new products such as Ford, River, etc., it is expected that the company ' s sales revenue will continue to grow at a high rate in the second half of the year and that future performance will be further released.
(ii) Heat management system layouts are released to further boost corporate revenue elasticity. The company has increased the product layout of the heat management system since the second half of 2020, and significant progress has been made in related operations, with 2021h1 related products being flexible. The heat management system has had a significant impact on the reduction of the low-temperature continuation of electric vehicles, with a single-car back-up amount
Between $6000 and $90,000 are expected to significantly increase the value of corporate products in bicycles. Companies have an advantage in the development of integrated heat pumps, electronic expansion valves, electro-water valves, electro-water pumps, gas fluid separators, heat exchangers, etc., and are moving rapidly to the market.
(iii) q2 performance is weak due to upturns in prices at the end of raw materials. From a one-season perspective, q2 is linked to business, and future profits are expected to improve as upstream prices fall.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.