Biannual performance forecast for 2021: chip shortage plus original Keys: Company ' s semi-annual performance forecast for 2021: net profit for 2021: performance differentiation of downstream customers, early deployment of new energy sources to overcome disadvantages based on the number of Multiplication Unions
According to the data, in 2021, 4.86 million vehicles were shipped by the national market q2, i.e. + 0.07% of the year, ring -3.27% of the year. tclient q2 delivered 201,000 units globally, i.e. +122% of the year, ring 8.9%, domestic wholesale 92,000 vehicles, i.e. +211% of the year, ring + 33% of the year.
In the reporting period, the automobile industry suffered from a shortage of chips, an increase in raw materials, and an increase in freight costs. The company pre-positioned the new energy automobile industry, accumulated a large amount of orders and obtained a comparison.
Good business performance, and later performance, will be further released. ▪ Ongoing Tier 0.5 strategy to accelerate progress on new project R & D and production performance: 1) Strategic level to continuously advance the Tier 0.5 level cooperation model and to lead zero-sum changes, using product lines to achieve excellence
Research and development advantages and qstp combined advantages (quality, services, technology, cost) to build a new Tier 0.5 supply chain model and to upgrade the average one-car kit amount of $5,000-100000; 2) innovation is constantly being developed in a variety of fields. Companies are developing new technologies in light numeric, smart brakes, intelligent shifts, new energy heat.
There are ongoing innovations in the areas of management, nvh shock system and whole car acoustic suites. Aluminium alloying vacuum casting chassis has started to be supplied in bulk, smart brakes/turnover systems have entered the matchmaking phase, and products such as heat pumps, electro-inflation valves, electronic water pumps, etc. in the thermal management system are also moving rapidly to the market;
Quarterly review: q1 overall performance 3) Based on new orders, the company speeds up the production and distribution of energy.
The construction of production bases in the new area of Bohang Bay, phase II, phase III, and the Ningpoo region, and the increase in the volume of production in 2020, completed the construction of 1,500 acres of factories under construction and launched the next 1,500 acres of industrial park planning.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: In view of the likely continuation of the trend of shortage of industrial chips, rising raw materials, and rising freight costs. We assess the Topper Group revenue forecast for 2021-2023 from the annual report: performance is as expected, and we hold
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board