Trends in industry: constant and slow growth, yoghurt dynamic with taste innovation, low temperatures and rapidly growing cheese
In 2019, China’s dairy consumption market reached 4,19.6 billion yuan, of which yogurt accounted for the largest share (35.6%), followed by uht (22.4%). The current rate of growth in uht milk has slowed to less than 5%, with clear competition patterns for double oligarchy (67% bycr2); and consumption has risen to a low level.
The increase in warm milk has accelerated, reaching 9.2% in Cagr between 2014 and 2019, and 9.8% in Cagr, which relies on taste innovation, with a faster internal branding and a higher share of anti-supercapitalization. Cheese is the firm’s advantage: continuous optimization of the product structure and long-term marketing of national brands are strong.
1. " Profit-end optimization, 100 billion targetable-Ely three categories of goods with coverage, milk powder, and cheese to enjoy the industrial growth dividend. " Large monolithic gold medals and Anmush continue to generate growth through structural upgrading.
2. The q2 performance exceeded expectations, steadily moving to 100 billion-hour competitions, becoming a national brand for the country’s catering industry. The channel sunk deep, reaching a total of 1.91 million liquid-milk terminals at the end of 2019, with nearly 1039,000 well served townships and villages.
3. The epidemic affects short-term performance, and the future is still pre-defined, upstream layouts, and milk source control is strong. It is estimated that Elie currently receives about 3 million tons of original milk through participation and strategic partnerships, meeting about 50% of the original milk demand.
Reacting to it by raising prices, reducing sales, and so on, would improve the profitability of the market. Now that a new round of price increases is ripe, it is expected that as pressure on raw materials increases, the promotion will slow down into common ground.
Cr10 is 47.4%: and the industry is changing rapidly, and there are more opportunities for new products. We believe that the key to creating a big single product in the area of beverages is to know the demand points of the consumer, and that there is a need for wide-scale expansion and rapid capture of the consumer mind, taking into account the characteristics of the product. Companies have both advantages and experience.
We think there's a big chance that the company will make a breakthrough in the beverage industry.
Fluctuations in the prices of original milk; low-temperature layouts; increasing competition in the industry; and food safety issues. Growth and patterns of competition in the area of division of dairy products. Liquid milk: steady growth in constant-temperature milk remains the dominant option, with rapid growth in consumption of low-temperature milk.
Dairy products consist mainly of sub-groups such as uht milk (i.e. constant-temperature-white milk), Pap milk (i.e. low-temperature milk milk), yogurt milk, milk powder, cheese, etc. According to statistical analysis from Euromonitor, the market for dairy products in China in 2019 reached 4,1.63 billion yuan in size, with a combined growth rate in 2010-2019 average.
Of these, 8.6 per cent were the largest breakdown of dairy consumption, with consumption reaching $14,299 million, or 35.6 per cent, followed by uht, or 22.4 per cent, and the current growth rate of warm white milk growth, with cagr in 2014-2019 only.
3.3 per cent, with a declining rate of growth of just 1.79 per cent in 2019, compared with a positive growth of 9.2 per cent in cagr in 2014-2019, as a result of the health promotion of consumers and the presence of low-temperature milk with a higher nutritional value and a lower base.
Figure 2: Size of China ' s liquid milk breakdown market in 2014-2019 (100 million) with a typical double oligarchic position in our current warm white milk market, with 28.2 per cent and 38.5 per cent of the cities of 2020h1 and Eli, respectively, and 66.7 per cent of cr2 combined, while low-temperature milk due to its relative storage)
The higher requirements of transport storage conditions and shorter preservation periods are characterized by high turnover and freshness, and regional brands have become more dominant, giving rise to a more fragmented pattern of competition. In 2019, the brightest (intellectual, superior) cities had the highest rate of 12.1%, of which the excellent ones were stars in low-temperature milk.
Single-product markets alone accounted for 5.9 per cent, the second largest, 8.7 per cent.
In 2019, the cagr was as high as 15.4%. In the area of low-temperature yogurt, the cities of Eli and Monx were the second highest at 31.1% and 23.1% respectively, well above other brands.
According to the data, in recent years, the cagr of yogurt with jams is more than ten times higher than the yogurt without jams, and the dairy product of mixed grains is much more than a monolith. Meanwhile, in terms of the abundance of dairy products, in 2018, the sales of yogurts with cheese and charcoal flavours increased compared to the same period.
So, yoghurt products become the best “test field” for taste diversification and oral innovation, keeping the product alive through constant innovation in taste, combining the outstanding health effects of yoghurt products with a much higher rate of growth than liquid milk, with clear future growth points and development directions.
Milk powder: The market space is wide and domestic brands are catching up. In the milk powder consumption market, infant and child formula is overwhelmingly dominated (76 per cent in Pida in 2017). The size of infant and child formula has increased from 11.8 billion yuan in 2014-2019.
With 18,96.6 billion yuan, the capr has reached 9.8%, and the share of domestic brands has gradually increased. Foreign brands in our milk powder market still account for a larger share of the market, but the share of national brands has been rising steadily, reaching 49% in 2019.
IDRC launched the National Programme of Action for the Advancement of Breast-milk Formulas for Infants and Young Children, which states that the self-sufficiency rate of future formulas for infants and young children is to be maintained above 60%, with specific requirements for the improvement of the quality of domestic milk powder, the upgrading of production and branding.
Inner head brands further boost market share. The foreign leader, Wye, now dominates the market, with 9.05% of the city, followed by Dalín, Yapé, and Mischael, while cranes lead the country's product cards, with 6.61% of the city, followed by Eli and Jun Le Bo.
Cheese: The fastest growing area, the black horse with the child cheese cane, the cheese market is the fastest growing segment of the dairy market in recent years. According to Euromonitor, the cheese market has grown by almost eight times over the last decade, although it has grown by a factor of eight in recent years.
In recent years, the cheese market has been dominated by import brands, and according to Euromonitor data, in 2019 the market was 22.7% of our cheese.
The market is an absolute leader. And in the national product plate, the best blues are cut off by the children's cheesesticks, fast and fast, the market rose from 1.9 per cent in 2018 to 4.8 per cent in 2019, the country's product medals, the abundance of the product matrix, the dynamism of the new products, and the strong branding of the nation.
The company's product lines are well-structured. It now has almost all the dairy sub-divisions, has a high, medium- and low-end product matrix, has liquid milk, milk powder, cold drinks, yogurt, healthy drinks and cheese, and has a strong ability to innovate and promote product structure optimization. The company continues to dig for the promotion of the “Gold Book” series of liquid milk.
In the area of yoghurt, in the first half of 2020, the new "Anmush" cheese ball was introduced. In the area of milk powder and cheese, the product lines were constantly enriched.
In late 2019, the company began a new business to increase the layout of the programme.
The company’s new products have good market potential, and after they were launched, it has achieved better overall sales performance. The marketing effort has been strong, and national branding has been successful.
From $3.8 billion to $11 billion, after 2015 companies accounted for 12 to 13 per cent of the total amount of investment in advertising, and the firm’s advertising costs were in absolute terms and with a high percentage.
Nationals and high-end brand images, such as the Beijing Olympics and Shanghai Expo in 2008 and 2010, respectively, and many other popular entertainment programmes such as "Where Daddy goes", "Run, brother," "Brain, I'm a singer", "Big Brain", and "Bloody Talk" to reach young consumers:
The number and quality of the company’s title are clear compared to the quality of the competition. BrandzTM’s “100 top-value Chinese brand in 2019” list, published for seven years in a row, ranks first in food and dairy.
Chart 15: Comparison of the Ely and Monx sponsorship competitions with the ability to sink through channels, the long-term cultivation of barriers. In terms of channels, Eli began to apply flat-level management earlier, with a large but small number of distributors:
Montagnards, in the early stages of the business system, used large distributors to get the country's goods ready for rapid storage, began to sink in 2017. By contrast, Eli has placed more emphasis on the cultivation and sinking of channels: the company has been sinking since 2007 and has taken advantage of the activities of the Ministry of Commerce in thousands of villages and villages.
Rural retail terminals such as farm shops: The coverage of the rural market began to increase in 2014, and the number of direct control villages has increased rapidly. By the end of 2019, the number of liquid milk terminals served by companies had reached 1.91 million, the number of villages served was nearly 1039 million, and the market penetration rate for regular liquid milk was low.
Deeper channels sink, allowing companies to continue to benefit from the dividends of rising consumption in line cities, and to increase the company’s ability to control channels and sensitivity to market movements. Improving upstream layouts, with better milk source controls,
Eli ensures the control of milk sources mainly through the control of upstream ranching enterprises and strategic cooperation, of which the excellent herding industry is a fully-owned subsidiary established by the company in 2007 and, in 2015, in order to operate light assets at the end of the statement, the transfer of preferential grazing shares to make them appear, but remains the actual holder ... indirect control.
40%. The active pastoralist industry has continued to expand its original milk production, which is now the world ' s largest supplier of original milk, through mergers and acquisitions of Sai Xin, a growing natural China, and the acceleration of the construction of its own pastures, reaching about 1.5 million tons per year, with more than 90% supplied to Eli.
According to estimates, Elie currently receives more than 3 million tons of original milk through equity participation and strategic cooperation, and more than 2 million tons of cow. According to data on China ' s breast milk acquisitions in 2019, according to the magazine Horstein, this is 6.08 million tons of fresh milk, which is currently controlled.
Figure 17: How do you see the future of growth in the distribution of Elie and Mon milk?
The growth rate of previous operations was stable, there was a elastic presence in the short term. Liquid milk products (including warm milk, low-temperature milk, yogurt milk, etc.) contributed to most of the company’s revenues. The ratio was 74.57 per cent (thirty-quarter report 2020 figures).
In the light of the earlier analysis, the growth rate of warm white milk has begun to slow, while the growth of low-temperature white milk has been faster, but the company’s low-temperature white milk has not yet had a significant advantage over its competitors. Sour milk companies are at the forefront, and the industry is still growing.
The Division’s revenue growth is mainly due to product structural upgrades, with a contribution of 31% in 2018 and 2019, while the company’s large monoliths, Ammush, and Golden Book series still have room for excavation and optimization. The areas of milk powder, cheese and milk are now growing faster, with companies gaining brand influence and product recognition.
There is a gap with head brands, but they still enjoy the benefits of rapid industrial growth. Companies’ revenues and net profits entered a steady growth phase in 2017-2019, with cagr growing and, in our view, some rapid industrial development dividends in the areas of milk powder, cheese, etc.
Low-temperature milk will have an alternative effect on warm milk, and will it affect Eli’s income from warm milk? We do not think that low-temperature milk will be a large substitute for warm milk in the short term.
(a) Double constraints, especially the relative scarcity and uneven distribution of our milk sources, mainly in the north;
We believe that the current space for the development of low-temperature milk is limited, mainly in second-line cities, and in areas closer to the source of milk, at the national level. The price of milk is on the rise, and competition is expected to slow.
The company’s sales rates are largely negative. During the rise in raw materials, the company deals with them by raising prices and reducing promotions, but it helps to improve the profit margin. The last round of milk price rises began with an upward trend in the average price of raw milk, which fell somewhat in the first half of the year, the second half of the year.
In January 2021, Eli raised the price of basic white milk by about 5%, and the pressure on the material increased, and it is expected that a slowdown in marketing will become a consensus. Will it succeed in crossing the second growth curve?
According to Euromonitor, the size of the soft drinking industry in 2019 is 57,86 billion yuan, and it is expected to reach 79,77 billion yuan in 2025. Competition patterns in the beverage sector are now fragmented, with the city of Cr10 accounting for only 47.4%.
Industry is changing rapidly, and there are more opportunities for new products. Because young people have a high acceptance of new things, they are willing to try new ones and catch up with the tide, the beverage industry has given new ones a bigger space than dairy products.
Lin, for example, created in 2016 to capture the current consumer's sensitivity to sugar, cut into sugar-free bubbles, through large-scale advertising, social marketing, and Internet thinking (i.e., iterative updating + constant trial error) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Forest sales rank first in the beverage category, with a company selling $660 million in January-May 2020. In 2018, the company established the Healthy Drinks Department, which continued to launch a large number of healthy drinking products.
The stock market is a wake-up call for young people, targeting red bulls; and St. Reece on the coffee and beverage track. Bottled water is the largest product in the domestic soft and beverage industry, and Eli is launching the mid-to-high mining spring ininikin Eichmann. The company's current plan is to focus mainly on dairy products for the next few years.
In the non-milk sector, companies are still in the early stages of nurturing and storage. What are the chances of companies’ future success in the non-milk sector?
The key is to understand the consumer’s needs, to produce innovative and attractive products; and to promote the consumer’s mind on a wide scale, taking into account the characteristics of the product at the same time, and to quickly capture the consumer’s mind. Companies have a strong and rich experience in understanding consumption trends and marketing ideas: the depth of the company is sinking.
And flat-level management allows companies to better track consumer movements; years of marketing promotion experience, and keeping up with the tide, keeping marketing young, for example, qqstar captures the interest of the z generation in vagabonds and bins, and makes a blind box, joint name, binary marketing, ammushic yogurt root.
According to changes in the interest of young people, running men's groups, Dilietamba, Wang Ibo have been contracted as spokespersons. We therefore believe that the company, with its accumulated strength and experience, has a high probability of falling consumption in the first half of the year, such as tasted milk, low-temperature milk, and so on. The milk powders are increasing by 38.0%, 20.0%, etc.
We've selected five comparable companies for valuation, and Eli's valuation is relatively low. Given Eli's stability as the base, steady growth can be achieved in the areas of constant warm milk and yogurt, better price increases during the milk price period as a tap, and the healthy beverage industry is in reserve and there is room for imagination in the future.
The price of raw milk is at risk of fluctuations in the price of raw milk. While the company can guarantee around half of the original milk supply through the layout of the milk-sourced enterprises, half of the original milk still needs to be purchased externally, and if prices fluctuate too much, price increases do not fully shift cost pressures, which may affect the company’s profitability.
The current low-temperature milk, though relatively low, is growing faster, and the company is now lagging behind the competition, and may lose its advantage in the area of low-temperature milk. Competition in the manufacturing sector has intensified.
Food safety risks. Safety in the food industry is the primary criterion, and if food safety issues arise, it will seriously affect corporate reputations and sales.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment