In-depth studies by electronics companies, Chinese technology depth reports, multi-line resonance growth, smart product platform models.
Zhang Shijie Lee, the world's leading smart product platform company, has over 3+n+3 growing line layouts. The company is a global head smart product platform company, successful.
A strategic shift to the "3+n+3" smart product platform will result in a multi-growth line layout based on a combination of mature smartphone +pc+ data centre operations, a combination of multi-product products, and an emerging area of "acar electronics + software + robots" that expands. With the company’s growing product lines, the company has made hundreds of millions of rounds of revenue over 24 years, collecting 23.56 per cent of the 18-24 compound growth rate, and net profit returns from the 18-24 compound growth rate.
In a global wave, domestic computing races accelerate. The capital expenditure of 100 degrees, Ali, Tseng, byte 24 years totals about $240 billion, an increase of about 155%, and the capital of more than 25 manufacturers.
In accordance with the guidelines, four aggregate capital expenditures are expected to exceed $400 billion. Internet manufacturers are setting the size of the odmdirect at $36.5 billion, up 155.5 per cent from the same time, and gradually occupying half of the industry. As an insider, the company provides a full-store server product, and is a core supplier of head cspto, Ali, and bytes.
The company’s smart terminal business benefits from the concentration of head odm manufacturers. The smartphone market weather repair, according to idc data, is about 6.2% faster than the 24-year shipment.
Corporate customers cover traditional consumer electronic head brands such as Samstar, a new generation of national production poles such as 0pp0&vivo, national Internet, ecological chains such as millet, and so on. The industry model is gradually moving to odm, with an odm/idh penetration rate of around 40%, and there is still room for a significant increase in the penetration rate of 80% of the penthouse industry, with companies leading the market share of odm/idh, accounting for about 28%.
Business growth is expected to take place against a backdrop of a boom in client output. The world’s leading smart-product platform companies, with more than 3+n+3 growing line layouts, take advantage of the domestic csp computing race, and the server operations build strong growth poles.
Head odm manufacturers tend to concentrate, and corporate smart terminal operations fully benefit 1.1. Corporate profiles: leading global smart product platform companies, 3+n+3 multi-business line layouts.
From product development to manufacturing end-to-end services, product lines cover smart phones, tablet computers, laptops, smart wears, alot, data centre products, and auto electronics. The company was positioned in 05-09 as a cell phone idh company: 10-14 to open a cell phone whole odm operation to provide delivery of a cellular odm whole; 15-19 to locate a multi-product type odm operation to provide a variety of smart products
3+n+3
Product combinations, including smart living, commercial digital productivity and data centre back-to-back solutions, and the expansion of three new and dynamic areas of auto electronics plus software plus robotics to form multi-product line layouts to meet the global demand for intelligent products, with 31.63 per cent shareholding in Shanghai Orient Information Technology Ltd. for the public; and second largest shareholder in the Hainan Enterprise Investment Partnership
5.79% shareholding (limited partnership) and 5.58% shareholding of Shanghai Hyeon Information Technology Ltd. The third largest shareholder is Shanghai Hyeon Information Technology Ltd. Qiu Wensheng is the Chairman, General Manager and Real Control, with a total share of 23.76% in the company, of which 4.78% are directly holding shares, same time through Shanghai Ore Information Technology Ltd., Shanghai Hyeon Information Technology Ltd., and Qiu Wensheng is holding indirect shares in Shanghai Olympics.
The share ratio is 51% and the share share ratio is 51% in Shanghai. 1.3. Operating: income size is 100 billion, the major increase in the contribution of high-performance calculations is 100 billion, and performance growth is high. With the company’s growing product lines, the company’s operating income is 308.81 in 2018.
Significant advances have been made in multiple product lines, with high performance calculations/smart phones/clothable businesses multiplying the same ratio, diversified layout 1.3. Operating: income sizes of hundreds of millions, high performance calculation contribution major increases Calculated business delivery over the ai server, head Internet customer supply growth and smartphone base disk benefits downstream viewing
Reheating growth allows the wearable business to become more sticky with branders. High performance computing/smart terminals/other business/alot et al. and 1.4. Financial analysis: significant cost management capacity, continuously optimized profitability. Companies have mature cost management capacity and continuously optimized profitability.
To optimize, the company achieved a net interest rate of 2.7 per cent over 24 years, with a slight fluctuation in the company’s line of operations, while the net interest rate remained stable and reflected the company’s mature cost management capacity. The company’s 24-year cost of sales, management, R & D and finance was $5.156 billion for 24 years, an increase of 13 per cent compared to 24 years, and the construction of a technology-protected river to transform its product performance advantage into a follow-up sales scale.
The world's leading smart-product platform companies, more than 3+n+3 growing line layouts, taking advantage of a domestic csp computing race, server operations are building up strong growth poles, head-line odm manufacturers tending to concentrate, and corporate smart terminal operations are fully benefiting.
2.1. Demand-side: In the midst of a wave of internal arithmetic “arms races” and a global wave of domestic arithmetic arms races, the growth of capital spending by Internet producers has continued. Capital spending in large domestic Internet plants has increased in an explosive fashion since 24 years, with significant amounts of capital spending in 100, Ali, Tseng, and byte 4 producers for 24 years.
About 240 billion yuan, or about 155% more than 25 years of continued high capital expansion, according to industry guidelines, and Alibaba spent $380 billion on capital spending over the next three years, amounting to about $130 billion a year of average capital spending on cloud computing and ai infrastructure; capital spending is projected to exceed $150 billion in 25 years; capital spending for 25 years will account for 25 years as a percentage of “low double” countries;
The combined capital expenditure of the four cloud producers in the country is expected to exceed $400 billion.
On the Chinese market, the main model of the beneficiary is industrialized, the generation model is converted from training to reasoning, enterprise-level servers are acquired, purchases are up, national computing infrastructure is accelerated, the size of the smart center is expanded, servers are deployed, and server markets are resilient.
More powerful, the volume of shipments continues to rise, and according to idc, the volume of Chinese servers will increase from 4.2 million in 2022 to 2.2. Supply end: Internet manufacturers trigger bio-customization claims, odmdirect models reshape market patterns, Internet plants agree to build claims, and the odmdirect model gradually dominates the market.
Using a model of collaboration with server odm/ems manufacturers, such as the World Bank, Guangta, and the Industrial Union, the world’s leading odm/ems producers in the server market. As Internet cloud producers have moved into the cloud computing track in recent years, the demand for customization of different architecture products has been created in order to match their business needs, Internet cloud producers have started to work directly with odm manufacturers, and the odm market is growing.
The size of the odmdirect model reached $36.5 billion, an increase of 15.5 per cent over the same period. The odmdirect model has risen from 36 per cent in the first quarter of 24 years to 44 per cent in the fourth quarter of 24 years, gradually accounting for almost half of the share.
In the current geopolitical context, the company is actively responding to changes, targeting changes.
The China/United States mainstream achie platform is developed and adapted to respond flexibly to client needs.
Figure 20: Corporate server product matrix based on intelwhitley platform, supporting intelxeonthird generation p6220 general 2u
Extendable processor icelake-sp, modular design, flexible configuration to support cloud rack servers Data centres and traditional enterprise applications to meet performance and extension needs.
Universal server based on the appreairairm platform, supports altraTM, altramaxTM. p6410arm general
Modular design, flexible configuration for cloud computing, cloud games, cloud cellular phones, etc.
The hgxa8008-gpu module with a new Nvlink technology connection in 4u space, the gpu telecommunications bandwidth and performance are doubled over the previous generation, with a maximum support of 8 nvmessd and 8 hhlnic.
nvlinkgpu and hyperdata infestation apply to images, videos, speech recognition, multiple ai applications, etc.
An assortment server 4u118 slots, with the highest storage density in industry, are designed for extreme design. Bmc&ss belts are double managed inside and outside.
Space. Support multihost mounted, flexible storage space with multiple jbod 2.3 server full-store layouts, and a core supplier of nationally known cloud producers
Figure 21: Corporate server product matrix s8130 switch is an open network of tor for high performance data centres, providing 24 200gbe for compact 1ru box equipment
S8130 access switch, downlink interface to server, 8 400gbe uplink interface to backbone switch. Based on advanced software and hardware decoupling concepts, it provides high levels for users.
Line speeds up to 8t exchange capacity unstoppable high performance relays. Network switches s8410 are open network cores for use in mega-data centres
Heart exchanges, to provide compact 4ru box fixed devices with 64 400gbe full speed interfaces to support the S8410 core switch in conjunction with the S8120/8130t switch
The next generation of data centres and cloud-based leaf-spine network architectures, based on advanced software and hardware decoupling concepts, provide users with a high linear speed of up to 25.6t exchange capacity without hindrance to high performance transmission.
For operator 5g station, provide wireless access to 5g room, more commonly p12201umec edgemecmec
Access margin calculations, provision of content services (vr, ar, iot, etc.) 2.3. Corporate servers have been set up on a full-store basis. The core suppliers of nationally known cloud producers > “csp+ Industry Channels” have been very effective, and it is expected that they will benefit fully from the expansion of capital spending by key downstream client cards.
The company's "csp client plus industry channel market" two-wheel-drive strategy has yielded significant results, with industry leading technology, deep binding of domestic head Internet manufacturers, entry of core suppliers into the country's well-known cloud vendor supply chain, a share advantage in the main head customer's aai service provider, and a rising share in the generic server and switchboard.
The company's 24-year operational release of the data centre resulted in a business income of $20 billion, a data business income of 10 billion in 25 years and a full-store delivery and high-speed growth in head Internet customers.
Figure 22: Data centre clients: alibaba, the world ' s leading smart product platform enterprise, more than 3+n+3 growing line layouts
With a strong growth pole built by the domestic cosp, server operations tend to be concentrated in the head odm and corporate smart terminal operations fully benefit 3.1. Demand-side: smartphone market climate repair, i.e., a new growth pole.
The global smartphone market is 24 years old, ending two consecutive years of decline in output. According to idc, the global smartphone market is about 1230 million, an increase of about 6.2%, 25q1, an increase of 3.05 million, a 2% increase in the base, and the smartphone market.
The rise in warming has largely benefited from a wave of functional innovations in 5g per cent, the re-launching of the new rotation cycle, the rise of emerging markets like the Middle East, and the release of increased demand. At the same time, the “state supplement” policy has catalysed the release of domestic demand, with Chinese smartphones reaching about 280 million units in 24 years, an increase of about 5.3 per cent.
3.1. Demand-side: smartphone market climate repairs, i-phone penetration of a new growth pole > ai cellular penetration continues to rise, becoming a new engine for growth of the smartphone market. The smartphone market is gaining new dynamic energy with large models at the end of the site, with large models at the end being optimized, a-endai gradually becoming embedded in the terminal market, and a-phone exits are being scaled up.
According to Canalys, global cellular penetration is projected to be only 5% in 23 years, an increase in cellular penetration to 28% in 25 years, a projected volume of about 400 million, a projected global increase in cellular penetration to 54% in 28 years, and an estimated 63% annual compound growth in 23-28 years. Apples and Samsung perform strongly in overseas markets, while local brands such as Mi, Opo, vivo, etc., dominate domestic markets.
In 2028, the market share of the cellular phone will reach 54 per cent. 3.2. Supply end: smartphone odm penetration will increase in scope and industry pattern headlines will be concentrated.
There is still room to double the penetration of smart phones. Smart cell phone substitutes are mainly ems (participating in the supply of raw materials and manufacturing, etc., not in product design)/idh (only in product R & D but not in manufacturing)/odm (providing all links in product R & D design, etc.), and the idh and odm models are the current mainstream programmes.
The formula optimizes R & D costs for brand manufacturers, while increasing the speed of release of new products, and the Odm model continues to rise. According to Canalys, the global smartphone penetration rate is expected to rise from 24.40 per cent in 15 years to 42 per cent in 25 years. While there has been a significant increase in smartphone penetration, the smartphone industry still has significant room for upgrading the penetration rate compared to about 80 per cent in the pc sector.
3.2. On the supply side: smart phone odm penetration is wide-ranging, the industry has concentrated its head, the industry has concentrated its head, and the industry has accelerated its integration. The smart phone odm/idh market is dominated by Chinese technology, Chinese technology, and Sino-Thai technology, with 23 years of Chinese technology accounting for 27.9% of its share, according to Counterpoint data.
27.3%, 20.6%, Cr3 total 75.8%, other manufacturers 9%, Nino 5%, and the industry as a whole have a high concentration pattern. Among these, the technology announced the loss of Odm assets the previous year, the creation of a communications network of well-informed and fully-funded companies, the signing of an equity and asset transfer agreement with Stewards, and an agreement to acquire the relevant subsidiary shares of the Electronic System of Technology for the Integration of Technology and Technology.
Figure 29: odm/idh share of manufacturers 3.3. Companies are deeply bound with head branders, and acquisitions are made to expand the North American market map.
Industry leaders, with the advantage of leading technology, become Andre's core suppliers, forming deep bindings with industry head brands, odm/idh clients covering traditional consumer electronic head brands from overseas, such as Samsung, a new generation of national leaders, such as oppo&vivo, the domestic Internet, ecological chains, such as Mi. Considering that the current penetration rate of smartphones is only about 40%, this compares with the current rate of penetration of smartphones odm/idh.
There is still room for significant improvement in the penetration rate of 80% of the pen electricity industry, which is expected to lead to an increase in the scale of its intellectual and end-of-odm business against the backdrop of an increase in penetration + a boom in customer output.
The company announces its intention to sign an Investment Letter with ILEC and its founders to purchase 80% of the ILA-held shares in cash through designated offshore subjects, with the target share price set at HK$2.85 billion. The ILO is primarily dependent on the establishment of high-security headphones, multimedia and telecommunications earphones, blue earphones, etc.
The M & A process of research and development, production, marketing and service of specialized electronics products such as earpieces, capacitors, microphones, telephones, megaphones, etc. . > This M & As increases the technological advantage of companies in the field of smart terminals, while at the same time irradiating the downstream market to large North American head clients.
Mergers and acquisitions can add to the technological advantages of companies in the field of smart products. Leuda also has deep deposits in the development of new products for particular customers, downstream coverage of customers in the North American market, such as apples, and companies and ILDRs have a strong synergy, and this merger and acquisition is helping companies to expand their business plans.
Figure 33: Twenty-three years of basic finance. 3.3. Firms and head branders are deeply bound, acquisitions and acquisitions are made to expand the North American market map.
On the domestic front, companies set up five major R & D centres in Shanghai, East China, West Africa, Nanchang, Tinless China, and two major manufacturing centres in Nanchang and East China.
Three major overseas manufacturing bases have been established in South, Mexico, and India to respond flexibly to the demand for large-scale, large-scale, flexible manufactures by global clients. In this context, Viet Nam, India, and Mexico are expected to start production in 25 years.
Figure 34: Global layout of corporate supply chains, leading global smart-product platform companies, more than 3+n+3 growing line layouts, taking advantage of a domestic csp-based arms race, server operations build strong growth poles
The Arithmetic System has increased the value of the copper plate, and the company's high-speed copper sheet has achieved a breakout 4. Profit predictions and investment proposals.  Profit predictions and investment proposals: companies are the world's leading smart-product platform-type companies, and server operations are domestic headcsp.
Core suppliers, with increased capital expenditure by beneficiary clients; smart cellular operations, with increased penetration of the benefits of odm/idh; downstream demand less than expected; and industry competition increasing risk;
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 Python Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor, Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter “I” or “Pacific Securities”) has a certificate of approval from the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
This report is issued only to the signatory clients of the service agreement with the Pacific securities, and the exclusive research product for the signatory Pacific securities, and if you are not the signatory customer of the Pacific securities, please cancel the receipt, subscription or use of any of the information contained in this report; Pacific securities will not be received, read or turned off by the recipient.
As an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should make their own investment decisions and assume their own investment risks, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the benefits or losses of portfolio investment is null and void. Researcher’s personal perspective.
My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the public authorities mentioned in the report, and may offer or seek to provide investment banking services to these companies.