Electronics and consumer electronics, source vouchers, non-financial first-time coverage reports.
China Technology (603296.sh) Global Smart Hardware Head Vendor, ai-driven multi-business co-development Investment rating: buy-in (first time)
3+n+3 global smart platform, with significant growth in performance. Global smart hardware odm headlines, with a focus on smart hands \triangleright Gossom
There is a surge in the need for arithmetic and a strong growth in server operations. The i model has accelerated the increase in the delivery of ai servers, and the global volume of ai-service servers has increased from 500,000 in 2020 to 2 million in 2024.
Development and integration capacity, with a 178.8 per cent increase in year-on-year revenue from data centre operations in 2024, the company provides a combination of all-store server products, such as general servers, ai servers, switchboards, etc., to become a core supplier of multiple cloud producers in the country, amounting to 15 million units a year. As the supply chain moves to the mainland, it is expected that pen power will continue to grow. Aipc will be out globally in 2025.
The volume is expected to reach 150 million, company-client aipcs will continue to produce and speed up the expansion of pc eco-products, and the panpc-type office scenario products are expected to bring a new increase to the company’s pc business.
In 2024, corporate smart-wearing products grew by 74.7% on a year-on-year basis, and companies are expected to continue to work closely with their clients, and the share of smart-wearing markets is expected to rise further. Automobile electronics markets are growing rapidly, and odm manufacturers are emerging opportunities.
Good, opening up opportunities for odm manufacturers. The company focuses on three main directions: a full-scale self-research capability and a car code manufacturing centre, sustained client recognition, and a gradual scale effect. Profit forecasting and rating: we expect the company to return 4048/58 billion yuan to its mother in 2025-2027, which is increasing at the same rate.
Precision and industrial enrichment are comparable companies, with an average of 29/21/17 times the average of pe per company in 2025-2027, respectively, according to ifind. Given the company ' s mature data centre operating system, significant customer advantage, coverage for the first time, we predict a steady growth in high-performance computer and smart terminal operations in 2025-2027.
(1) There is a wide range of server incremental space: ai modeling reasoning needs to be supported by big numeracy, which makes it possible for domestic and foreign head cloud manufacturers to accelerate the deployment of the ai infrastructure, ai servers and switches to be at the heart of the data centre, delivery is expected to grow at a high rate, and the company is expected to continue its data operations with the advantages of customization, mass production, etc.
High-speed growth. (2) Increased penetration of mobile phones, pen-odm: the Chinese front office broke the monopoly of the plant, its share increased, and the volume of aipc shipments rose every year, pc might become a new point of growth. Smart cellular exits were stable, and Hanqung held a steady share as a leading industry firm, with the odm penetration rate rising, and the ai cell phone increased.
The new business is starting to rise: car electronics, with a large market space and a full-blown product, with high profit growth prospects. Overseas chip supply risks; macro consumption less than expected; and capital spending by domestic cloud producers less than expected.
Head strategy upgrades for smart hardware odm - Global Smart 3+n+3 - Global Smart Product Platform, strategic upgrades for 3+n+3 product structure, 3+n+3 and business diversification.
Through five stages of development, the odm business model was gradually upgraded. 2005-2009, the focus was on functional cellular idh, building development and management systems; 2010-2014, the transformation of the odm manufacturer, serving frontline domestic and foreign operators, became the domestic smartphone odm head; 2015-2019, the expansion of notebooks, smart wears, servers, alots, and the improvement of multiple odms.
Models: 2020-2024, the leading international manufacturer of multiplicity of smart hardware, odm, built up full vehicle manufacturing capacity, listed in August 2023; from 2025 to date, implementation of the “3+n+3” strategy, deployment of robotics, moving to the smart production platform phase. Companies are mainly supplied by smartphones, laptops, tablet computers, servers, etc.
For odm services, clients are in the lead in the market for smart hardware, mainly Samsung, Mi, Conspicuous, Hua-Soo, Chart 1: Corporate History — Smart Hardware Platforms with more R & D capabilities
..phone odm, cell phone full-time, intelligent end-of-end multi-grade odm, more powerful manufacturing companies, more software.
• Smart product platform phase: mobile phone idhpcba model: service mode: front-line service brand & sea
Smart product set services: strong hardware companies, larger 3+n+3, odmm
New global brands, extra-regional brands, front-line electronic consumer brands.
The performance of the china+vmi 1.2. shows steady growth, with new and emerging business drivers increasing to 6.67%, with management, sales and financial cost rates remaining low.
2. High performance computing growth is a key pillar of performance growth, with a surge in demand for numeracy in 2.1.ai, a strong growth in server operations, a new growth in an enabling server, and a continued expansion of the market size.
Gpu, fpga, asic, the core of the one server, with the ability to handle large-scale parallel computing tasks, has been able to efficiently support the global server market by 20.1 per cent a year-on-year increase of $123.224 billion and is expected to be 18.9139 billion by 2027. According to the Said consultant, the size of the server market in China in 2023 was $17.643 billion, an increase of 6.8 per cent.
By 2026, China’s server market is expected to be 22,198 million yuan. The volume of ai server is rising steadily. The big model training reasoning drives a rapid increase in the demand for ai server, with a global increase in the volume of ai server from 500,000 in 2020 to 2 million in 2024, looking forward to its future.
The volume of shipments may further increase from 2.5 million in 2025 to 6.5 million in 2030, with an average annual compound growth rate of 21 per cent. From the overall server output, the i server penetration rate has accelerated and is expected to reach 33 per cent in 2030, making it a core dynamic for server market growth.
Server manufacturers are divided mainly into brand manufacturers and odm manufacturers. Despite the high market share of brand manufacturers, odm manufacturers are rapidly expanding their market share, thanks to their low-cost, fast-delivery capabilities and custom-made solutions.
The counterpart’s share in the global server market is 47.3%, an increase of 15.5%. Domestic server odm manufacturers are still in the early stages of development, while stations such as Guangda, British and Honghai, with their deep accumulation and mature technology in the electronic information industry, dominate the global server surrogate market.
The company has been strategically moving into the server odm area since 2017, with continuous research and development inputs and technological accumulation, and has built up a complete server manufacturing system. The server odm business size revenue was achieved in 2020, with server operations earning $2.67 billion in 2022, a 565% increase in the same year, and data centre operations in 2024.
The business register has grown by 178.8% over the same period, and now has a full-store mix of products covering general servers, ai servers, and switchboards, making it a core odm partner for head Internet businesses. Through two-wheel drive by head Internet customers and industry channels, high performance growth has been sustained and market access for data centre operations consolidated.
2.2. Aipc technological innovation drives industry growth, and Taiwan ' s odm producers dominate pens into a new growth cycle, with both opportunities and challenges. In the period 2000-2010, the digital market matured, Internet technology facilitated the rapid flow of information, and miniaturized high-performance processors promoted the thinning of equipment.
In 2011-2019, the market experienced growth bottlenecks and the volume of deliveries stabilized. In 2020, demand for teleworking and teaching surged, triggering a 4.9% increase in the volume of q1 personal computers delivered in 2025, reaching 63.2 million worldwide. Looking forward to 2025, the pc industry, Taiwan, China, dominates the pen odm market, and the supply chain is gradually shifting to the mainland.
Some 91% of the world’s electricity is produced by an odm/ems manufacturer. With Taiwan’s Taiwan odm manufacturers like Inbao, Guangta, and others turning their production base over 10 million per year, accounting for about 5% of the world’s electricity supply. In 2024, the company’s electricity output rose to 15 million, while the penetration rate of aipc increased and the pc+ business breakthrough was expected to bring new opportunities for growth.
The return of the smart terminal market, the acceleration of the odm model, the growth of the 3.1.0dm penetration rate, and the growth of the corporate smartphone business, which drives the growth of millions of units. The global smartphone market in q1 grew by 0.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis in 2025, with an output of 290.9 million.
According to Counterpoint, global smartphone odm penetration reached 44% in 2024, a record high. Chinese manufacturers dominated the smartphone odm market, with 34% and 27% respectively in 2024 of the world’s cities of Dragon Flag and Chinese Smart Man, and reported that Thai technology had dropped to 16% as a result of United States sanctions, leading the industry.
Businesses still account for a major share of the market. It is expected that more high-end smartphones will be commissioning the production of odm manufacturers with significant technological and cost advantages, that the odm penetration rate is expected to increase continuously, and that there will be more room for the future growth of iphones, which will be expected to grow further as a lead business.
Smart wear covers watches, bracelets, tws headphones, etc., wear-type products in synergy with smartphones, and companies continue to operate soft and hard in the area of consumer electronics and smart wear.
The smart glasses market has a large incremental space, and idc is projected to deliver 12.5 million global shipments in 2025, an increase of 18.3 per cent compared to the previous year ' s end of 2024 by United States clients vr products, and Haka actively participated in the pre-research and joint development of the next generation of vr/ar and in the products of the inventive type. According to Counterpoint, the global tws earphones in 2024 are projected to produce.
With 610 million shipments, an increase of 19%, and smartphone brands, tws headphones, gradually occupying a major market share. The tws headphones are dominated by the odm/ems model, and Huaq is expected to benefit from being a leading producer in the odm field.
Automobile electronics are growing robustly, or there are opportunities for growth. As electronic information technology continues to penetrate the domain of automobiles, the auto electronics industry emerges. According to the Automobile Industry Association and the China Commercial and Commercial Industry Institute, in 2024, the auto electronics business was one of the emerging business priorities of Chinese technology, in smart compartments, screens, and intellectuals.
Three major business modules have been broken, and the first module has been successfully developed and delivered. Clients, for their part, have completed a breakthrough outside the traditional brand-owned mainframe, enriching the client queue.
5. Profit forecasting and rating, as head manufacturers of domestic smart hardware odm, corporate data centre operations, smart terminal operations and emerging business growth, we project corporate business income of $1606/1890/2228 million in 2025-2027, with net return to the mother.
29/21/17, a leading firm in the field of home-grown smart hardware odm, with high growth in arithmetic demand, corporate data operations have overseas chip supply risks: if the US imposes a chip ban on China in the future, the company’s supply will be pressured. Macro-consumption is less than expected: if the replacement cycle prolongs the suppression of demand, the weakening of consumer electronics will affect business.
The cost of capital for domestic cloud producers is not as high as expected: if the three major cloud producers lower their capital expenditure, it will affect their personal perceptions of the company’s data centre operations about the target securities and issuers. I have worked diligently and carefully, using information on legal compliance, and have produced this report independently and objectively, and no part of the remuneration received by this person has been, has been, has not been or will be directly or indirectly linked to the specific investment opinions or views in this report.