Huaqin Technologies (603296): 3+n+3 platform-type odm giants, with hwaqin technology (603296.sh) to start a new cycle of growth
Investment rating: Bought (first time) • Chinese technology: 20 years of technological change gave birth to a 3+n+3 platform of odm. Huaqin technology was established in 2005 to capture 20 years of technological change, and in 2024, companies recovered hundreds of billions of dollars.
Steps, growing up to 3+n+3 platform-type odm. Under the tide of the i-era, the company achieved a fully fledged odm capability, with the company expected to achieve a 25% increase in revenue and profits in 2025: on the other hand, the company seized the opportunity of the cspai capital investment cycle to become a tipping point, Ali's core figure.
Equipment supplier, 2025q1 battalion alone, oversaw 10 billion dollars; terminal, company-based conventional phones, pc, etc., arithmetic: Arithmetic wheel-driven csp investment cycle, company-wide capacity to respond to the tide of the times. Overseas, four head csps together spent more than $200 billion in capital spending in 2024.
It will invest more than $380 billion; capital spending on tether will continue to increase from $76.7 billion in 2024. The Department has set up a full-store product matrix for the core digital hardware suppliers of Tether, Ali, in 2024, over $20 billion, and over $10 billion in 2025q1, and is expected to benefit from an increase in the share of the cost of the big csp plant in the future.
*ai terminal: the big trend towards aiot, cars, robots opening up the growth curve mobile phones, pc area: in 2024, companies delivered the second largest volume of mobile phone odm worldwide; pc over 15 million shipments, after Guangta and Inbao, benefited from the growth of an enabling industry as industry leader plus the continent.
The share of odm increases the two-fold logic. Moreover, in 2024, firms aiot and cars grew at a high rate of 188% and 91%, respectively, and with the ability to move with a platform + a horizontal M & As circle, they are expected to shape cars, machines, etc. into a new curve for their growth over the long term.
China Technology: Growed up in 20 years to build 3+n+3 platform to transform the odm, ai Wave to re-emerge the development opportunities 1.1. Development journey: in 20 years to build 3+n+3 platform to build 3+n+3 manufacturer of smart products
In 20 years, Huaqin grew into an odm leader based on a global smart product platform of 3+n+3. For 20 years, the Department was founded in 2005 with a business model from idh to odm, a product line from mobile phone pcba to 3+n+3 smart product platforms, and a collection of hundreds of billions of steps in 2024.
The company grew through five stages: (1) cellular idh, 2005-2009: the company, with its R & D designer pcba, accompanied by the early growth of the emerging brand of mobile phones in the country. (2) Mobile phones, flatboard odm, 2010-2014: from R & D design to production, the production base became operational in 2009.
(c) Multi-product odm, 2015-2019: 2015 layout pc market, 2016 launch of the first child watch product into the wearing market, 2017 entry into the server market and 2019 income of scale;
Smart Hardware Platform, 2020-2024: Mainly smart phones, laptops, tablets, smart piers: strategic upgrades of the "3+n+3 " smart platform to build mature operations with smartphones, personal computers and data centre operations at their core, deriving expansion to include intelligent life, commercial digital productivity
And the multi-product mix of data centre-wide solutions, while actively expanding the three emerging areas of automobile electronics, software, and machines. Figure 1: Growed in 20 years, Huaqin has built a global smart product platform of 3+n+3
1.2. Corporate structure: money massing, equity incentives gathering, horizontal + vertical M & As capacity
In January 2025, the company issued restrictive stock promotions, vertical mergers and acquisitions to strengthen core competitiveness, horizontal mergers and acquisitions to expand capacity boundaries.
By investing more in Nan Changchun and Autumn, companies can integrate components and whole machines through vertical integration. By acquiring high-yield intelligence, companies can quickly cut into the market for sweeping robots, and companies can create human robots that are expected to work for the public.
The Division offers new opportunities for growth. The company’s portfolio of investments both strengthens the manufacturing capacity of core parts and components, enhances the company’s upstream and downstream cost control capabilities, and expands the company’s capacity boundaries, enabling the company to move into the audio and machine fields of large clients, giving sufficient impetus to sustained growth.
Financial analysis: taking advantage of the opportunities of the i-era booms and going into a new round of growth with hundreds of billions of revenues, moving to multi-intelligent hardware and 3+n+3 platforms, and as the company's product lines are enriched, corporate collections also reached 2024, from traditional operations such as mobile phones, pc, to new ones such as data centres, aiot, etc., benefiting from the rush of the i-waves.
The company has achieved two consecutive quarters of a moderate increase in the Māori rate since its growth in 2025, and it will continue to safeguard competitive Māori by research and development, services to global clients in the full value chain, economies of scale, product structure optimization, etc.
According to the sub-operational section, high performance computing operations at the core of data operations and pc operations grew in 2024. Significant growth in smart terminal operations, such as mobile phones, grew robustly. High performance calculations: 63.2 billion in 2024, representing a 29 per cent increase in the same year, with a Māori rate
8% of them. In 2024, the data business achieved more than $20 billion in revenue, acquired core supplier status in top Internet customers, and in 2025q1 achieved better results, more than $10 billion in revenue collection, and a full-store delivery and high-speed growth in head Internet customers.
Aiot: In 2024, the company aiot received $4.7 billion in revenue, an increase of 188% over the same year, a 15% Māori rate, and a relatively profitable business in each of the company’s business sections, covering smart households and games.
In 2024, more than 2 million items were delivered by company game players; Intelligent home products expanded into ipcamera, smart frame, electronic books, etc., and were delivered on a large scale: vr, first product of the highlights group, first product, delivered in volume.
Automobiles and industry: The company achieved a total revenue of $1.56 billion in 2024, an increase of 91% over the same year, and a Māori rate of 19%. Automobile business is still in its overall investment phase and is now in addition to smart cabin and vehicle-mounted controlled products.
The company is expected to achieve a balance of gains and losses over the next two to three years: ari+odm: from arithmetic to a terminal, full embrace of ai to start a new growth week 2.1, ai arithmetic: arithmetic wheel-driven csp investment cycle, company-wide capacity response times
Arithmetic-model-application-data-drive-driven investment in large csp plants, both within and outside the country. The rise of the ai technology has completely changed the market pattern of servers. Cloud service providers (e.g. Microsoft, Amazon, Google, Meta) have become the main procurers of the ai server, with capital spending totalling more than $200 billion in 2024.
See, domestic cloud producers’ capital spending continues to increase, and Ali will invest over $380 billion over the next three years, and the alert will continue to grow from $76.7 billion in 2024, with the prospect of a breakthrough of hundreds of billions. The annual increase in the market for a single server will be maintained in three digits, with the share of the odmdirect going up by 50%.
Direct procurement of customised servers via the odmdirect model, bypassing traditional brand manufacturers to meet high performance and low-power demand. According to idc, the share of the 2024q4odmdirect mode in the global server market is 47.3%, the i server market increases and the odmdirect mode accelerates penetration, leading to industrial enrichment.
For the core odm side of the British Weida server, the global market for the 'ai ' server reached 40% in 2024. With the launch of the British Weddagb300 platform production cycle and the addition of cloud company capital, the odmdirect model is expected to further consolidate its dominance in the server market.
Figure 9: Cloud service providers such as Amazon, Meta, Microsoft, Google, Tetsu, Ali, 100 degrees, bytes, using the odmdirect model Client responsiveness + full-store product matrix, company hugs, head csp needs such as Ali
For eight years since 2017, the company's deep-farming data business has taken advantage of the opportunities presented by the current wave, and has been a partner in head-line Internet and cloud computing, such as tethers, Ali, bytes. The company has built a complete chain of products that includes ai servers, a universal server, a storage server, a switchboard.
Political uncertainty, in addition to being fully aligned with the global mainstream gpu chip platform, allows companies to accommodate mainstream home-grown gpu chip platforms. The company follows a two-wheel-drive strategy of “csp client plus industry channel market” and, in addition to the one-server, the company’s universal server and switchboard products are increasing their share.
In the first quarter of the year, the amount of revenue generated by the data business went up by $10 billion. 2.2, ai mobile phone & aipc: an increase in sales + pattern + a rise in manufacturing ratio + odm + triple resonance
Mobile phone odm-demand: Increased cell phone penetration is a driving force for the change, cellular temperature and recovery, and the odm ratio is rising steadily. According to Frost Sullivan, mobile phones are back on track in 2024, with a forecast of 2025-2029, and the cell phone disk is expected to continue its moderate growth trend.
One of the upgrades is that, according to Canalys, the global penetration rate of the i cell phone in 2024 was only 18%, which is expected to reach 57% in 2029, and that the i is expected to be one of the core drivers of the switch. For the odm manufacturer, on the one hand, it benefits from the increase in the absolute value of the i-driven large disk and, on the other hand, the odm.
The pattern is also rising in the manufacture of mobile phones, with the rate of cellular odm in 2024 estimated at 43 per cent according to Frost Sullivan and the rate expected to rise to 50 per cent by 2029.
Arithmetic upgrades and model streamlining will drive ai cellular penetration cellular odm-competing patterns: firm stability, changing competitive patterns in the industry to provide short-term opportunities for further increases in the company’s share. In the area of cellular odm, three manufacturers, led by Huaqin, Dragon Flag, and Kyota, are taking over.
In 2024, the three companies together accounted for 77% of the total. The company's mobile phone odm had more than 130 million shipments in three consecutive years, and remained stable at the size of its cell phone, with a 27% market share in the second place, with 2 pct more than the same year. The flag was tied to Mi's depth, resulting in a significant increase in the volume of deliveries, with 34%.
The market share is first in the odm market. Thais are trapped in the list of entities, the only downside manufacturer, and are now out of the odm track. Changes in industry patterns, or short-term, favour both Chinese and Chinese flags, leaving windows for the remaining major players to raise their share of existing customers.
Figure 14: In 2024, the top three manufacturers accounted for 77 per cent of the mobile phone odm, and the dragon-flaged Chinese-owned pcodm - other needs: aipc penetration in the Greater Central China is expected to rise to 34 per cent in 2025, and the odm ratio is expected to rise to 34 per cent by 2025.
In 2024, a year when sales are back on track, France Te Sullivan expects a moderate increase in sales over the next five years. The increase in aipc penetration has become one of the central drivers of the increase in output, with Canalys predicting aipc permeating in the Greater China District in 2025.
The penetration rate is expected to rise to 34%. For odm manufacturers, the overall odm ratio of pc has been over 75% in recent years and is expected to increase steadily over the next five years.
pcodm-competition pattern: from running to running together, the company has become the world's top four pcodm and is expected to grow by 20% by 2025. In the field of electricity and radio, the producers (Gwangda, Inbao, Latsaka, BET, and Yushu) have taken the lead in the entire industry, with five departments in 2024.
Pcodm achieved 4590, 3230, 2020, 2010 and 8.05 million deliveries, respectively. In 2024, China successfully joined the global pen-odm front line, marking the break-up of the mainland manufacturer’s monopoly on the plant in the field of pcodm. In the second half of 2024, the company succeeded in breaking through North America.
Big clients, opening up the growth space for company pen power; also, significant progress has been made in the pc+ area. For example, successful breakthroughs in the printer business of large North American clients will be delivered in 2025; in addition, breakthroughs have been made in products such as desktops, single machines, monitors, etc., with 20% of the total expected target for 2025 pc operations as a whole.
2.3, ai+ wearable: ai offers unlimited possibilities to wear products, acquires ILuda into the international head, ai+ wearable: ai gift can wear unlimited possibilities, ai headphones and new terminals such as aai glasses are in progress
According to Frost Sullivan, smart watch/knife products are projected to be worth 190 million worldwide in 2024 and are expected to grow to 240 million in 2029, with a capr 2024-2029 4.5%; tws can wear products that are emerging in new product forms, such as an earpiece and ai glasses. According to Lotu Technologies, 2024.
The annual growth rate of 260.9 per cent and 405.9 per cent, respectively, is projected by idc for the global market for smart glasses in 2025, which is an increase of 225.6 per cent over the same period, and for the acquisition of easy-to-reach international customer resources, which expands the international front-line resources and opens a new chapter in 2025.
A letter of intent for the acquisition of easy-to-reach technologies. The sum of the net profits accumulated in the three years 2024, 2025, and 2026 should be no less than HK$ 750 million.
Market penetration and competitiveness in the area of the breakdown of smart hardware are expected to continue to improve, but also to reach high-quality customer resources, such as international front-line brands, through easy access. 2.4. Automobiles and robots: from automobiles to robots, are keen to nurture a new curve for future growth.
A profit/loss balance is achieved each year. Smart cabin areas: company class products are based on high access, UNDSS, Quiz, etc., mainstream inch size, covering three major display techniques: lcd, miniled, amoled; smart driving, one of the first producers of 6e/6m for horizons; smart car control, where companies provide high quality to customers.
In 2024, the company also made a breakthrough in the field of smart seating and vehicle-mounted intermediate-screening products, and completed the project in a major car factory. In the area of motors, it succeeded in getting a new power-driven motor project.
Business lines are gradually moving to the market, and companies are expected to achieve a profit/loss balance in automobile business within 2-3 years. Figure 22: Companies are one of the first producers of the Horizon 6e/6m platform Robots: acquisition of thugs to build core technological competitiveness, plans to build robotic research and development models in 2025
The year's technological build-up, coupled with further research into the products and core components of window-washing robots, weeding robots, pool clean robots, pet clean-up companions, robots, rest-and-care robots, and a breakthrough in the large-scale robot industry in the fourth quarter of 2024. The company plans to complete a team of professional robots in 2025.
Building, and building robot models. This is a demonstration of firm confidence in the future of industrial robots and healthy old-age robots. The process of industrialization of human robots is accelerating with the power of a big model, and the company is expected to build in the robot industry with deep experience in consumer electronics, combined with the ability to expand and buy.
High-performance computing operations: high-growth demand for ai servers and domestic csp producers.
Capital spending has increased significantly, with companies accounting for high performance in 2024 accounting for 29% of the year. We believe that digital operations, represented by the products of the ai server, the switchboard, etc., are still expected to contribute significantly to the growth elasticity of the company ' s high performance calculation business in the future. In addition, the company leads the pc.
The field is still on track to achieve a sustained increase in income and a rise in market shares, thanks to a breakthrough by North American clients. On this basis, we expect a change in the pattern of competition in the firm’s high-performance computing business in 2025/2026/2027, and the firm is expected to increase its market share further, based on its current share.
Aiot: In 2024, the company acquired a cooperative project with a large North American clientele, and products such as smart home and smart sound from a networked client with North America are also increasing in volume and are expected to form automobiles and industries in 2025.
Taking into account that Gore shares, Long Flag Technology and the company are part of the odm industry, Wave Information and Corporations are all engaged in server manufacturing, we have selected comparable Gore shares, Flag Technology, Wave Information, and the average of the current market value of the comparable company 2025/2026/2027 is 26.7/20.3/16.5x.
The company has a market surplus of less than a comparable company and has achieved a full platform capacity build from the arithmetic to the ai terminal, covering for the first time, giving a “buy-in” rating. (1) Downstream demand is not as high as expected: as an odm company, the company's performance is at par with the demand of downstream customers
On the other hand, if there is a significant decline in end-use sales such as mobile phones, pc, the company ' s performance is affected by the industry. (2) Supply chain material and price volatility: the company ' s business model is designed to capture the main material for the end product, the price of raw materials fluctuates and the supply situation affects the company ' s Māori rate level and delivery capacity.
(3) Risks of entering new industries: The company has been marketed in a diversified manner and faces the risk of entering new industries as well as new ones.