Electronics, the thrust and promotion of the big smart hardware odm, corporate product coverage smartphones, laptops, tablet computers, servers, smart wears.
Market value (RMB): 89.85 yuan in core areas such as wear, auto electronics and alot, where companies have a steady rise in their traditional consumer electronics business, closely following the wave of arithmetic demand in 2025.
In the business sector, there is a logic of increased market access and output, which is expected to lead to an upsurge in performance. Demand in the consumer electronics sector is warming, rising continuously on the basis of scale effects and the advantage of supply chain integration, and market share is picking up.
The share of companies in the field is the second largest in the world, the penetration rate of smartphones is rising, and competition is slowing, and companies are expected to continue to increase their market share as well as their volume of goods, and the market share is expected to reach the world's number one, which is expected to rise to 170 million by 2025; pc operations are expected to increase to 170 million.
(b) In December 2024, the smart wear business completed its acquisition of the ILDR holdings at HK$ 2.85 billion to the North American Big Customer Supply Chain, with a combined and scheduled collection in 2025.
We believe that the logic behind the growth in the volume of e-business lines consumed by companies is clear, and it is hoped that the market share will continue to rise and performance growth will be achieved. The one who calculates is fully stocked, and the cloud vendor continues to add up capital spending to the data centre.
The country’s head csp (the cloud service provider) continues to expand its computing base Capital spending on facilities, server and switch markets are promising, companies are deeply tied to headcsp clients, such as Ali, troupe, byte, etc., and their share is in the forefront, and it is hoped that it will continue to be consolidated.
Up to the core I supply position, scaling up the scale effect of the company's servers and switchboards The volume of shipments is growing at a high rate, and with h20 and b30, b40 servers and high end exchange products entering the release period, the data business order is expected to accelerate continuously, company data is expected to accelerate.
Second-curve lifts, technology re-plugging new businesses into a billion new growth poles. Automobiles, e-consumption-based electronic-manufacturing genes, are running out of balance, and harvests are about to break out in three years.
10 billion: vr/ar deep binding meta achieves vr head mass output, enhanced performance in 2025 with bulk delivery; acquisition of 75 per cent of high-intelligence equity in January 2025 to cut into robotic track, integrating 10 years of technological deposits with industry large client resources, and leveraging global delivery from Vietnam base
Capabilities, 2025 increases human robotic research and development, political-induced policy or tariff risks, increased industry competition, and improved access to services.
Scanning for more services. Scanning for more services. Foreword: Chinese technology — the flagship of the global smart hardware platform, the core beneficiary of the arithmetic wave.
The company is a leading global firm on the market for smart hardware platform, which provides end-to-end solutions for technology brands by developing, producing and transporting smart products from deep-farming industries. The company covers two core areas: consumer electronics (smart cell phone/noteboard power, brain/plate/intellectual wear) and ai data centre (server/exchanger) and adopts a "3+n+3" approach.
Based on the following three-fold logic, the company is expected to start operating in 2025, and consumer electronics basic resilience highlights the fact that the odm penetration surge is driving the expansion of multi-species shares. The smartphone industry’s demand for reheating plus odm penetration continues to rise, with companies relying on the world’s first two cities (27%) and client diversification wars.
In the next three years, it is expected to achieve a 20% compound growth rate: smart wear operations through acquisition of ILDR, access to the Apple acoustics supply chain, high Maori classes becoming new engines of profit; flat-plate computer operations remain steady in global odm shipments.
The generation-ai technological revolution drives the accelerated expansion of global computing infrastructure, and global csp manufacturers compete to expand capital spending. Companies are deeply tied to domestic and international headlines.
Cloud miller, the country's scarce Inveldah 20 chip production odm in July 2025, after the export of the h20 chip was lifted, the demand-repressive release and customer catch list was released, and the volume of incoming shipments in the second half of the year was expected to increase steeply. Switching operations were synchronized to technology overlap points, entering the release period in 2025.
Technology platforming and vertical integration into the supply chain constructs long-term barriers. The company uses the global “1+5+5” layout (Shanghai General).
The Ministry +5 major R & D centres +5 major manufacturing bases) are supported by nearly 17,000 R & D personnel supporting core technology cards. The manufacturing end is a network of “china+vmi” flexible supply chains that effectively avoids geo-hazards through synergy between Nanchang, Dongjung National Ideas Centers and Viet Nam, India, and Mexico overseas bases.
Based on the above logic, we believe that the company will grow rapidly in the future. According to the company announcement, in the first half of 2025, the company achieved $83.39 billion in operating income, an increase of 113.06% over the same period; and realized a net profit attributable to the parent company ' s shareholders.89.
Figure 1: Core logic chart of investment in fluorescent technology Core logic: consumer electronics have a steady surge in demand for end-products with a strong vertical integration that binds large customers deep and is expected to increase market share on a continuous basis
I. The "3+n+3 " smart platform, driven by hundreds of billions of tons of revenue, the global odm dragons swipe 1.1, from idh to the global smart hardware platform, the full-chain capability of Chinese technology and the 20-year course of multi-kind expansion
Founded in 2005, the company was founded by a team of founders from Qinghua University and Zhejiang University, as a mobile idh design company, which provides a pcba board design for mobile branders. In 2007, the company joined the top three players in the domestic mobile phone idh and began to market overseas.
In 2010, the company seized the opportunity of smartphone penetration and started building its manufacturing base. The company gradually gained the capacity to provide a full chain of services, from R & D design to procurement operations to machine-building, and began to provide full-fledged odm services to brand manufacturers of mobile phones, completing the transition from the idh to the odm model.
By integrating R & D and manufacturing capabilities, firms have developed an integrated service model of “design + production,” with client groups expanding from domestic to international regional brands. Starting in 2015, companies have moved into multi-product odm expansion and introduced products such as laptops, tablets, smart wears, etc.
Lines, and the implementation of the 1+5+5 strategy layout: the above-mentioned sea is the headquarters for the creation of five major research and development centres and manufacturing bases in Nanchang, Dong-jung, Viet Nam, India, Mexico, to form a global delivery network. In 2018, in the electronics area of automobiles, the "2+n+3" smart hardware platform strategy was launched in 2020, covering the core business of smart phones, laptops, servers, etc.
The strategy was further upgraded in late 2024 to “3+n+3 Global Smart Productions” with smartphones, laptop computers, servers as three core business lines, derivatives of intelligent life, commercial digital production, following the company’s landing in 2023.
Power, data centre solutions, and so on, have three new and emerging paths: robotics, auto electrons, and software. Globalized manufacturing networks have been expanded to the “china+vmi” model, with two smart manufacturing centres operating in the country, Nanchang and Dongjung, working in tandem with three major bases abroad, in Viet Nam, Mexico, and India, supporting global delivery capacity.
1.2. Global smart platform leapfrogging, 3+n+3 strategy driving mature business advances and emerging track break-ups. By the end of 2024, Huaqiao had become a global smart product platform-type company with a business mix from the former 2+n+3 to 3+n+3, with 3+n+n primarily representing three cornerstones and seedings that are now mature.
The first is a digital terminal for individuals and families represented by smartphones, such as the company ' s fast-growing smart-wearing product in 2024, the game palm type, and the flat-board computer product of the company that used to be the head player in the industry; the second is that the company was in the longer cycle and is now the company ' s foundation.
In 2024, the company produced aio, desktop and other products such as Hewlett-Packard printers; in 2024, the third was the operational infrastructure of the data centre, which was formally added to the company's business portfolio at the end of 2024, and in 2024 the company achieved revenue in that business.
The last “+3” is a new, relatively small, core business that is likely to achieve high growth in the future, including automobile electronics, software and robotics, which the company has been investing continuously in in the past, and joined in the company’s new business portfolio by the end of 2024.
In recent years, companies have strengthened the industrial chain layout through extended M&As: HK$2.85 billion in 2024 to buy ILK holdings, cut into the audio module area and expand North American customers; and $2.4 billion in strategic equity integration in 2025 to create a “odmm” full-chain capability that deepens “coated-chip” synergies.
1.3. The equity structure is stable, with Qiu Wenson as the realist, and the company ' s president and general manager Mr. Qiu Wensheng as the realist. As of the semi-annual report in 2025, the company ' s first shareholder was Shanghai Oleg Information Technology Co. Ltd., with 31.63 per cent of the shares; the second shareholder was Hainan.
The head of the company and managing director, Mr. Qiu Wensheng, directly holds 4.8% of the company ' s shares and indirectly holds 51% of the Shanghai Ore Information Technology Company and 51% of the Shanghai Information Technology Company.
Company shares, which together hold 23.78 per cent of the company ' s shares, are the actual owners of the company.
At the R & D end, the company has built a global strategic layout of “1+5+5” at the heart of Haibei Chai's headquarters, which has established five major R & D centres in Shanghai, Dong-jung, Nan Chang, Xian, and Tin-free, with nearly 17,000 R & D technicians; at the manufacturing end, in order to meet the diverse delivery needs of global clients, apart from the two major domestic manufacturing centres in Nanchang and Dong-jung, the public has been able to support the development of technology.
The Division is also actively developing three major overseas manufacturing bases in Viet Nam, Mexico, and India, which, by optimizing the global manufacturing layout, have further enhanced their resilience to market changes and resilience to risk, and are committed to delivering higher-quality products and services to global clients. In 2024, large-scale production deliveries were made at the company’s manufacturing bases in Viet Nam and India, as well as at the manufacturing bases in Mexico.
New progress is expected in 2025 in accelerated progress. Chart 6: The "1+5+5" global layout of Chinese technology, which enhances supply chain resilience The firm's deep-farming smart product odm industry, the core circle of competencies accumulated in long-term development, can be grouped into four quadrants, i.e.,
Efficient operation, research and development design, advanced manufacturing and precision structure (mechanical), core competencies that companies have been able to diversify their product customers on a continuous basis in the past and that are essential underpinning the accelerated global layout, and companies will continue to deepen their digitalization, automating, and ipd advanced processes to maintain.
To consolidate and maintain corporate leadership in the odm industry. Chart 7: Corporate core competitiveness helps to consolidate corporate leadership. July 2025, companies were given 6% of the combined stock of 2.39 billion yuan in strategic investments, extending for the first time the industry's reach to half.
In the area of the manufacture of the CRT, the company made a small leap from the "intelligent terminal odm tap" to the "end-core vertical integration platform". The integration of the crystals was ranked third in China and ninth in the world, and this was a key step in China's continuous deepening of the synergies upstream of the chain of production - previously through the acquisition of a very good reputation (structs), Henxi-Huan/Shang Chang-Hun-Hun (skills).
Built-up), Illuda (acoustic module), thugs (emerging business) have gradually built the capability of “structural units-modules-a full machine” with a self-sufficiency rate of about 45 per cent at present; and this trip to the crystal circle manufacturing chain, direct to intellectual and hardware core core core core core core core supply chain, achieving key components such as display drive chips, power management chips, image sensors, etc.
The combination of crystallization as a semiconductor crystal circle manufacturing plant in the country, with a wide range of downstream chip products used in smartphones, wearing equipment, pens, etc., coincides highly with the Chinese 3+n+3 product matrix, and the two sides have agreed to significantly improve the supply chain resilience of Chinese endeavour.
1.5. High growth in corporate revenue and profits, excellent rate control Performance ban, low revenue base, and recovery of high growth in corporate revenue since the second half of 2024, with significant growth in central and smart wear-type operations, plus delivery rhythms for the first half of 2025 h20 due to client demand
The profit-side growth in 2024 was slightly lower than the harvest, mainly due to changes in the company ' s income structure, and in 2024, the company ' s data centre operations achieved an increase of close to 180 per cent in the same year, with revenues of over 20 billion and over 20 per cent, of which the i server was over 60 per cent, the i server cost structure of the i server was higher, and the gpu module was higher in value, pushing.
The increase in the value of mobile single machines compared to the overall revenue, but the profit margin of the one server was relatively low and, as its share in the income structure increased, the overall profit level of the company was somewhat lower; the second, 2023 started in the second half of the year, as a result of intense competition in the industry, some of the low price orders were concentrated in the delivery of 20242-h2, leading to the consumption of electronics, especially smartphone products.
In terms of the income structure, companies have changed considerably in recent years, with smartphones accounting for about the company's head office in 2018, arguing that companies are expected to grow more in the future than in the company as a whole in all new types of business, that the corporate income structure will continue to move in the direction of diversification, and that corporate performance levels will also be higher in the face of short-term fluctuations in single industries or single customers.
Calculators, where data for 2018-2022 are processed, servers, laptops, tablets, scanners are provided more services. Brain operations are classified as high performance computing operations, smart phones, smart wear operations are classified as smart terminal operations.
It matches the 2023-2024 statistical caliber, and the order came out in 2024, which, combined with the increase in the cost of swimming raw materials, led to a decline in the Māori ratio of company smartphone products, but with the completion of a series of improvements, such as company designs, resource consolidation and the delivery of low-price orders, the related business hair of 2025h1
Interest rates have recovered, and it is expected that the delivery of new products in the second half of the year will continue to raise the Māori ratio; (2) In the area of the i server, under the Buyse11 model, the odm manufacturer will be required to purchase core materials such as gpu and complete the whole assembly for sale to the customer at full cost, resulting in a significant increase in the value of the single machine, while the gpu module accounts for a higher proportion of the total cost of the entire machine and has been priced by British Weida, etc.
The data centre ' s operating income has been rising rapidly since the beginning, with an over 60 per cent share of the i server, a decline in the overall Māori rate due to changes in the company ' s revenue structure, an expected future increase in Māori performance and the integration of supply chain resources to improve related operations.
2.1. Smart phone demand is warming up with an increase in the odm penetration rate, Chinaqin is expected to double the Māori rate and the volume of shipments, the consumption of electronics was depressed in 2023, the output of end-products was down, the output of end-products was up in 2024 with the industry warming, and, according to idc, the global number of smartphones arriving was 1,239 million in 2024.
This represents a 6.4% increase in the same year, with global smartphone exports of 305,225q1,295 million, an increase of 5.4%, 3.4%, and the industry’s climate continuing its warming trend. Looking ahead, the smartphone industry is expected to maintain a moderate growth trend throughout the year and in the future.
Opo, of which Samsung, Mi, and Opo are major corporate clients, and the company ' s smartphone products are Andre's mobile phones. In 2024, the volume of Andre's mobile phones increased by 8.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, which is higher than the industry average.
As smartphone development becomes more complex, branders need to tilt their resources to high-end self-research, and medium- and low-end machines are outsourced to Odm to control inputs.
Global smartphones have reached the stocking stage since their peak in 2016, and branders have been forced to use “air and sea tactics” to maintain their share, and the odm model allows branders to cover more price segments at a lower cost in order to cope with extended consumer re-entry cycles.
The R & D cycle significantly accelerates the pace at which products are marketed. In addition, the Odm manufacturer has the advantage of scale effect and supply chain integration, has strong bargaining power in the procurement of core components such as chips and screens, significantly lowers the cost of materials, the odm manufacturer establishes a global production base, helps branders avoid tariff risks and close to regional markets.
The dual role of power forces branders to concentrate their resources on high-end self-research, and the Odm manufacturers, with their R & D efficiency, supply-chain effectiveness, and global capacity, become indispensable efficiency levers in the smartphone industry. The annual output of smartphones around the world is maintained at 1.2 to 1.3 billion basic plates, with the Odm penetration rate of smartphones increasing continuously over the past few years, according to the data
The smartphone penetration rate is only 24.6% in 2015 and is expected to reach 42% by 2025 and is expected to increase continuously in the following year. The smartphone industry penetration rate has increased by about 17 pcts over the last decade, and based on the current annual volume of shipments of between 1.2 and 1.3 billion dollars per year, we judge that the odm industry will have about 20 million intellectuals per year in the future.
The concentration of head odm manufacturers is expected to increase further, and industry patterns continue to strengthen. The share of head odm manufacturers is tied to the depth of downstream brand orders, the customer viscous and scale effects form two engines of head odm, and branders concentrate orders on technically mature, supply-chain-stable head manufacturers to reduce costs, while geopolitics and R & D inputs
The threshold has further eliminated small- and medium-sized players, the US tariff policy and supply chain localization needs have forced head odm manufacturers to match their brands, head manufacturers to expand their capacity overseas, while small and medium-sized manufacturers lack funds and customer support to move their capacity, gradually losing their national capacity to carry international orders, and cannot afford high R&D costs to expand the entire technology store, and the smart cellular odm industry has been dissipated from competition.
Based on the counterpoint data, the share of global smartphone odm manufacturers is about 33%, 27%, 15%, and the share of cr3 is about 75%. On the basis of these findings, we believe that the share of the top three manufacturers is expected to increase further in the future.
Figure 22: 2024: Share of global smartphone odm vendor, Huaqing is a double-wheel-drive client diversification and business ecology, and corporate smartphone business is expected to break through the industry’s low-mori siege.
56.73% in 2024, covering multiple client groups such as Samsung, Mi, Opo, Vivo, Unions, etc., were more risk-resistant. 2023, as the consumer electronics industry stagnated, the industry competed fiercely, some manufacturers made radical offers for shares, low-priced orders were concentrated in 2024, resulting in a general decline in the Odm industry-wide Māori ratio in 2024, and corporate Māori ratio was attributed to the company-wide ratio.
In 2023, 11.33% fell to 9.3% in 2024, which is 2.03 pcts less than in the same year. With high Maori blood transfusions, Huaqin is able to withstand short-term price competition, and as the consumer electronics sector recovers mildly, such patterns become unsustainable, branders prefer to choose a stable and capable odm partner, and in this context, Huaqin’s share of head odm manufacturers is expected to increase.
One step up, 2025q1, corporate smartphone business receipts have more than doubled, and according to idc data, the share of corporate smartphone exports has returned to the top of the Odm industry in the quarter. In our judgement, the company's output in 2025 is expected to reach 170 million smartphones, driving operations up by more than $8 billion, an increase of 30 per cent.
At present, the intellectual apparel industry is experiencing a double drive of technological innovation and health demand, and with the deep convergence of physical networking, artificial intelligence and technology, the equipment function has expanded from basic campaign monitoring to proactive health management and global connectivity.
According to idc data, 2024 products of intellectual clothing worldwide were delivered 538 million, an increase of 6.2 per cent over the same period, and in 2025 the company completed a strategic acquisition of the ILDR holdings with HK$ 2.85 billion in December 2024, a deal that integrates the audio technology deposits of the ILD over 20 years in the field of sound, including the core capabilities of active noise mitigation algorithms, audio interactive modules, etc.
It is particularly critical that the ILRD company, an apple certification supplier, permanently supplies products such as beats headphones, make it a sound that is directly connected to the Apple supply chain system through equity control.
The high-quality network of clients, the core partner in learning products and wearing equipment odm, has significantly broadened the intellectual tacking business. See, the vertical complementarities between HALK's intellectual whole-time research and development capabilities, the advantages of scalability manufacturing and the expertise of the audio component of the ILDR, the combination of which not only covers the full-scale client demand from Andre to the i0s system, but also drives the "sonic module self-supply plus."
In financial terms, the transaction was accompanied by a net profit of not less than HK$ 750 million after accumulated taxes in 2024-2026, while in 2024 it achieved a net profit of HK$ 550 million, or 73.4% of the total commitment, and the excess performance was not positive.
Just a direct increase in the profit pool, which is more proof of the asset quality of the target. Overall, the acquisition marks a critical leap from the intelligent terminal’s odm tap to the entire hardware platform.
The global smart-dressing market, with smart watches, bracelets, tws headphones as a core vehicle, continues to show robust growth, accompanied by an accelerated trend of industry integration towards headphone smartphone brands as white-card products accelerate the convergence of companies as global smartphones.
The core odm main supplier, with its deep synergy in Andre's ecology, has established close ties with mainstream clients to make and achieve a significant leap in its share, and is now ranked first in Andretws Headphones, and second in Smart Watch Andres. In 2024, the company's smart-clothing business income grew by more than 70 per cent on a year-on-year basis and accounted for the world.
The odm market is a leader; 2025h1, the business continues to grow with high power, with revenue rising by more than 110% the same year. It is interesting to note that smart wearing products, as a class with a high Māori rate in the Chinese e-consumption matrix, have a Māori ratio of about 15%, and their volume, Liki, has continued to increase in overall profitability.
Looking forward to 2025, after the completion of the strategic acquisition of the ILDR holdings, the company will further integrate the core of acoustic technology and cut into the high-end customer supply chain in North America, with the release of incremental space for subcategories such as tws headphones, smart watches, etc., which are expected to continue its high-growth trajectory and become the core engine driving the expansion of the consumer electronic pillar under the 3+n+3 strategy.
2.3. Huaqin, the only mainlander to break through the Taiwan pen-odm peer-monopoly company, opened up the big customer Hewlett-Packard with the prospect of arrival, pc after a demand surge driven by the 2020-2021 epidemic, the market entered a period of adjustment driven by demand overdrafts, 2022-ai technological changes, pc entered a new upturn and, according to idc data, 2024 was delivered year-round.
For the first time in three years, there has been a positive growth of 263 million shipments, representing an increase of 1.1 per cent in the same year, of 2025q1 and q2 shipments, respectively, estimated at 273 million worldwide pc shipments for the year, an increase of 3.76 per cent for the year and expected to reach 281 million by 2029.
In the future, it is expected that Hewlett-Packard will become the company’s major customer. Figure 29: Global pc quarterly delivery, which is higher in the first half of 2025 than in the second half of the year
Figure 30: Global pc quarterly weight brands, top five firm shares, with a gradual recovery in the global pc market, the odm sector showing structural growth opportunities, with global pen-odm deliveries reaching 177 million in 2024, compared to 6.8 per cent, and against this background, the company, as the only one on the continent to break through the odm monopoly in Taiwan Province of China.
Companies in a pattern, pc, show strong competitive power, with companies breaking by 15 million in 2024, with cities climbing up to 9 per cent, stabilizing among the top five odm manufacturers worldwide (with the joint venture), the company pc core growing energy in two dimensions, one of which was a client eco-break, and the company ' s success in cutting into the world ' s second largest in 2024.
The pc brand Hewlett-Packard Supply Chain, the second largest brander in the world, has over 50 million annual shipments, expanded the high-end customer spectrometry to provide a key support point for the stock leap; the second is the industry trend dividend, the odm penetration rate continues to rise, the build-up market outsourcing strategy deepens, and the continental odm tap replacement effect is accelerating.
With company pc doing more than 20 per cent of the year, and based on customer outreach and enhanced product competitiveness, we believe that the growth path of company pc doing business is clear, with the company expected to deliver 18 million electricity in 2025, with a market share expected to be in the top three global markets, and a 20 per cent increase in business pc doing business throughout the year.
In 2020-2021, there was a surge in global flat-bed shipments due to the outbreak of Internet lessons and tele-office needs; but in 2023, the number of shipments to the global flat-beds increased.
The global flatbed computer stock fell by 20 per cent and fell into cold winter due to demand overhangs and a low industrial climate, and the global flatbed computer output in 2024 was 145 million, an increase of 12.4 per cent and a volume of 34.6 million, according to idc data, in 2024.
This represents a growth of 11.6 per cent, a five-quarter rise in the same year, a new cycle marked by market access to technology upgrades, and a steady trend in the volume of flat-plate shipments expected to be maintained over the next few years.
Since 2021, the company has accounted for the highest volume of global flat-plate odm vendors, with 30 million annual shipments, representing a core share of the global flat-plate odm market. The global leadership of the HALECK business stems from the triangular barriers of scale manufacturing, cross-end-technology synergy, and deep-dipose head-heading, which have been adopted on the basis of 30 million annual shipments.
Vertical scene customization, such as education, opens up incremental space to add structural dividends from the high penetration of the odm industry, with a year-on-year increase in revenues from the 2025h1 public flatbed computer business. We believe that the business has become one of the firm’s defining forces to move through the cycle and support the plate, and is expected to continue to raise market shares on the first global basis, with the company’s share rising in 2025.
Three, the All-Charlie program reconstructs the algorithmic ecology, the one-speed fission detonating the data centre operations to reach a billion-dollar increase of 3.1, and the chhatgpt simulation competition, with a surge in global computing and data levels.
Since the advent of Chatgpt, the global technology giants have rapidly launched an arms race in a big model. Internet companies, cloud service providers, and i-initiators have entered the market, with hundreds of “words of purpose” and Ali, as well as the “mixed” and “deepseek” self-research models, which have soared into the white-hot phase.
The current technological evolution has accelerated from pure text models to multi-model depths, and joint learning on trans-model content such as video, images, etc. has become a new focus. Compared to text models, large video models need to process high-dimensional space and space data and their training and reasoning processes consume exponentially upwards, such as multi-model models that integrate text, voice, images, etc.
According to the Chinese cloud-to-coated cloud service report, sora consumes nearly a thousand times more numeric resources than gpt-4 produces 1,000 texttokens. As the big model competition continues to upgrade, model capacity leaps and training data surges, and model parameters rise across.
Large models with an average parameter of 10 billion or more are more than half, up to 52 per cent, and larger models tend to be larger. Figure 37: sora consumes several larger amounts of llm-type models. Figure 38: Average parameters of the current `ai model, with an average parameter of 10 billion
In addition, token generation at the end of the model's reasoning has grown in an explosion mode, which is another key factor in the demand for extra numeracy. In China, for example, the average daily tokens consumption of soybeans, according to volcanic engine data, has increased from 500 billion in May 2024.
To 16.4 trillion in May 2025, the increase was 32.8 times higher. This phenomenon was driven mainly by a two-fold drive, namely, the expansion of the user base, the rapid increase in the penetration rate of the generation ai application, and the expansion of the global user base to directly increase the frequency of interactions; and the expansion of model capabilities, multi-model models supporting complex tasks such as image generation, video creation, etc.
The amount of token consumed is significantly higher than the amount of text interacting with the text. The parameters are double-inflated with the token amount, triggering the global need for smart computing. According to idc data, in 2024, China's smart/general algorithm size reached 725.3/71.5 eflops, and in 2025 it will reach 1037.3/85.8eflops, an increase of the same year.
By its very nature, this spiral of demand for computing is not only a by-product of technology but also an inevitable consequence of i-industrial production: when large models evolve from a laboratory prototype to an infrastructure, computing and data have become the "double pillars" that constrain the development of i-i. In the future, with hundreds of millions, trillions of parameter models becoming popular and real-time video-generated applications, there is a global gap in or progress in computing.
A step-by-step expansion to push for accelerated innovation in hardware facilities and data centre technology. Figure 39: High daily tokens consumption growth in large bean bun models. Figure 40: High growth in smart/common numeracy size in China 2020-2028
3.2. The expansion of capital spending by major csps has triggered an explosion in the demand for ai servers, which benefits from the depth of the odm factory, and an explosion in the demand for global smart computing, which directly triggers a strategic build-up of cloud computing giants against arithmetic infrastructure in order to advance the realization of a big model and application. Capital spending by four major cloud service providers in North America has risen across the board.
In North America, four major csp capital expenditures together amounted to $228.3 billion, an increase of 55 per cent over the same year, with 2025q1 and q2 capital expenditures of $346.2 billion respectively, an increase of 52 per cent over the same year, opening a new cycle of capex upscaling.
Figure 44: Four major csps in North America, 2019-20251, quarterly capital spending, accompanied by an upgrade in the global ai competition, and Batat, China ' s top four cloud service providers, also used record capital spending to accelerate capital infrastructure. According to Bloomberg data, in 2024, the combined capital expenditure of three csps, 100 degrees, was about 21.35 billion.
The company, as the country’s scarce all-store equipment supplier, has established a deep partnership with three cloud service providers with higher capital costs in four head csps, directly taking over the country’s csp technology as the absolute leader of the global server’s bmc chip, making its market position and business characteristics full of observations.
A core forward-looking indicator of the need for a ballae server. Each server needs at least one bmc chip for hardware state surveillance, temperature management and remote transport, which is strongly tied to server output; the letterhead is the global server bmc chip-header, and therefore the scale of the collection directly reflects the global server's entire cargo volume, predicting a change in the server's market climate.
In 2023, the demand for traditional cloud computing was significantly reduced as a result of the de-introduction of the inventory of cloud producers and the occupantization of the occupant cloud in order to calculate capital expenditures. In 2024, the need for traditional cloud computing increased significantly, i.e., the occupantization of capital expenditure eased, i.e., the inventory de-introduction came to an end, and the demand for cloud computing is expected to grow again.
In 2024, the combined revenues amounted to $6.46 billion, an increase of 106 per cent over the previous year, and in 2024, the proceeds of the H2 battalion exceeded the $5.08 billion mark, an increase of 71 per cent over the previous year, continuing the 2024 high growth trend, as an industrial chain sentry, whose rate of increase was linked to a1 server's view, and the current collection forecasted a1 a1 contribution of 2025h2.
Figure 46: Maintenance of the 2022-2025 harvest of the server ' s bmc chip taper, year-on-year increase. Based on the foregoing, the base-of-calculus climate is increasing, the demand for pull servers is rising, and the global market for ai servers is rising.
According to idc data, the number of global servers arriving in 2024 was 14.48 million, the size of the market in 2025 was $253 billion in 2024 and the projected $366 billion in 2025.
Figure 47: Stable growth in global server output 2020-2029 Figure 48: Stable growth in global server market size 2020-2029 Figure 49: Stable growth in global service market size 2024-2028, four-year capgr
The global ii server market is undergoing a re-engineering of the supply chain, and the market share of the odm manufacturers is expanding. North America’s four major csps dominate most of the i server needs, with super-large data centres requiring deep customization of hardware, and brander standard products that cannot be met, while the odmdirect model directs the csp directly to chip-level design, both to meet its customization needs and to reduce delivery.
cyclically; and because the odm manufacturer has the key zero production capacity required for a server such as pcb, power source, machine cabinet, etc., based on vertical integration advantages, the self-supply of spare parts is higher than that of a brand manufacturer, and therefore the trend towards the odmization of the supply chain of the i server is clear. According to idc data, the share of odm vendors in the delivery of the 2025q1,ai server is 69.3 per cent, while the brand manufacturer is only 30 per cent.
There is a clear trend of 85.1% of the odm plant rise versus the branding industry. Figure 51: 2025 q1ai server share of delivery.odm: 69%. Figure 52: 2022-2025 q1odm proxy server receipts are higher than the high-speed rate.
3.3. The data centre operations will be fully stocked, and deep domestic head csp will be tied up to a higher share. The company has relied on the core team for more than 10 years of technology and industry insights since 2017 to customize its client needs and build up a core competition for a fully-placed arithmetic solutions.
The company’s research and development team, based on the computing architecture of the head cloud manufacturer, took the lead in completing the fit and volume of the high-end ai chip, supplying the domestic Internet giants with an a800ai server in 2022, and in June 2023, as the country’s first producer, the English hy800ai server, with a 2024q1 effort to produce the Nvl20gpuai server product.
In 2024, q2 took the lead in completing a server production of the British Weldalh 20 chip, and was in the lead in the industry. Its ability to customize and develop was highly recognized by clients.
Full area coverage, deep-dry data centre operations for many years, resulting in the complete layout of the ai server, the universal server, the storage server and the central data exchange, with the capacity to deliver the entire area of products, and with the geopolitical background of the United States and Central America, the company's forward-looking layout research and development system, which is fully adapted to the British and national production mainstream ai chip architecture and hardened through modular design
Quick succession to provide clients with “one platform multi-ecological” flexible solutions that effectively respond to global supply chain fluctuations
Scan to get more services based on platform 86 peru edge computing server p12201umec
Edgemec uses a new generation of low-power intelxxeon-d processors, and in the construction of technical barriers, companies establish industry leadership through three core advantages: (1) jdm model deep synergy,
In response to the data centre customization trend, Huaqin, with its ability to design (jdm) jointly with its clients, converted the build-up of the odm domain into a service-response efficiency with the supply-chain elasticity advantage to meet the core demands of Internet clients for rapid succession: (2) efficient enabling organization, company-based large hardware platform procurement operating systems, and companies demonstrated excellence
The speed and resilience of delivery have increased over the past three years, and the experience of service head cloud producers has confirmed the high degree of alignment between their organizational capabilities and their business attributes: (3) strategic focus on high-value markets, companies moving away from industry-wide generalization strategies, focusing on niche areas of unique value, and forming a technology card in Anglo-Vidal ecology - the first service of h20 chip a1 in 2024 q2
The company's i-server business is currently in the forefront of the industry, with Ali's market share in 2024, and the future strategic objective is to consolidate and raise the headlines in the tweak, Ali and byte.
The company will continue to work more closely with its head cosp producers to open up its customers’ business, which is relatively better for customers with high performance and quality requirements, while raising revenue growth.
The company’s dominant position on the h20 track is essentially a combination of research and development depth + supply chain resilience + client coordination. In the long run, the price of the ai server rose only from the beginning in 2025, and the company is expected to be fully occupied.
The core carrier status of the “China share” is locked in in the ball octopus 3 (Honghai/Wanda/Hlaq). 3.4. The Ethernet switch is about to rise to a singular point, which is expected to increase corporate profits from high-mori business.
Function. The core value is to achieve a precise data route, bandwidth resource dynamic distribution and low-second-time delay guarantee to ensure efficient synergy of distributed computing nodes. In the ai computing structure, the switch sets a co-symbiotic system with the server with a deep coupling: on the one hand, the exchange port speed (e.g. 800g light module) directly determines the efficiency of the gpu cluster, thousands
Card-level training clusters need 800g hypervelocity ports to avoid data jamming; on the other hand, sharing of dispersive heat systems with servers can significantly reduce the data centre pue indicator above 0.15. As multi-model large models increase the demand for real-time interactions, switch technology is moving towards 800g/1.6t light module, the rdma protocol and network computing (in-networkcompating)
With the advantage of open ecology and significant cost, the Ethernet switch is accelerating the replacement of the ib switch as the mainstream option for the iDN network. The core logic is that cost-effectiveness crushes, ib switches rely on the closed ecology of Inveda, and one-way ports.
This is higher than Tainet, which requires specialized accessories and transportation systems; supply chain security, ib technology is absolutely monopolized by British Weida, while multi-chips such as Tainet compatibility/amd help firms avoid geo-related risks. Current head cloud producers tend to switch the Vankai cluster network to an Ether-based network structure, becoming the core path for arithmetic-based mitigation efficiency.
Beneficiaryai is expected to increase its chances by increasing the penetration rate of the Tainet, updating the traditional cloud computing rate, and restoring the demand for traditional cloud computing. According to 650group data, the arrival of 800g switches is expected to surge from about 77,000 in 2024 to 1.8 million in 2028, with a composite annual growth rate of 120%.
The data centre, which is expected to start accelerating growth in 2025, is mainly driven by the top five cloud producers in North America (Amazon, Apple, Meta, Google, Microsoft), and the global data centre, which is projected to be around $23 billion in 2024 and close to $40 billion in 2028. The sub-product structure is expected to start in 2025.
The 800g Ethernet exchange is expected to start rapidly and become the main engine of growth in the industry. 2023q3, the company won the head Internet client th5 mainstream switch, successfully bypassed the switchboard major customers, and gradually built to cover industry clients through the introduction of a self-planned ai server and switchboard.
The company has built the core advantages of a full-store product matrix and deep client binding in the area of switchboards, bringing together the focal high-performance data centre switchboard, covering the access layer to the core layer and meeting the high bandwidth and low-time delay of the one-hub network requirements: switch operations and server operations create an integrated delivery capacity for hardware and software, and achieve gpu servers and switchboards
The company’s switchboard business, with a Maori rate of about 20%, is significantly higher than the traditional consumer electronic odm and server business, and is becoming a key engine for optimizing the company’s profit structure. We predict that the business is in the head cloud service.
A solid share base has been established, with about 20-30 per cent of the Ali market, about 20 per cent of the tether and byte jumps, and year-on-year head csp capital spending continues to increase, with a build-up of the arithmetic demand driving the acceleration of the 800g high-end exchange and the direct pull-up of Odm orders; (2) enhanced barriers to competition, with companies deepening their binding with core customers through the transformation of high-end products,
A virtuous cycle of rising prices. Based on the upgrading of customer shares and product structure, switch operations have moved into a high-speed expansion, with the prospect of a breakthrough of RMB 3 billion, becoming one of the most dynamic segments of high-performance computing operations, with a potential impact on the size of 100 billion in the next three years, mainly based on the share of head csps and the high volume of 800g products.
The company has benefited from the large-scale growth and eruption of the one server brought about by the wave, and the data centre operation has maintained a high growth rate over the past few years, and while the scale of the operation has expanded, the company is systematically raising its profitability level through four core paths: (1) client structure optimization drives profit leaps, and the company is consolidating its head csp market share and strengthening its size.
On the basis of the impact, strategic expansion of industry/channel client penetration to enhance overall profitability through diversification of client structures Resiliency: (2) All-store capacity to build value moats, the company achieves delivery capacity from hardware through full-scale development and delivery of the i-server, universal server, storage service, switchboard and card-type hardware, and the integration of software and industry solutions
(a) Sustained enhancement of customer service premium capabilities by closing the value chain of software; (c) transformation of size advantages into cost competitiveness, expansion of business size, strengthening of the strategic position of core suppliers, conversion of procurement scale advantages into upstream bargaining power, significant optimization of the cost structure of raw materials and provision of continuous dynamic energy to release operating profits; and (d) groupization of operating efficiency reductions, company surcharges
Building a two-wheel-drive strategy for data centre operations, one of which is the company’s pursuit of the head Internet cosp market
Rapid growth in size, and continued product competitiveness. In 2024, companies increased their volume and market share of individual large Internet users very rapidly, while in 2024 they also achieved arithmetical hardware products, a large volume of delivery on general servers, aai servers, and switchboard products.
Second, the company’s booming growth in data centre operations is in essence the direct realization of its ahead-of-the-shelf R & D input and its agile technological responsiveness. The company maintains a significantly higher level of R & D input over a long period of time than the industry average, laying the foundation for a technology card, and, according to the Public Division’s Investor Relations Activity Record, in 2022, it supplied the leading Internet manufacturer with a British Weidaa 800ai server.
Become the country's first supplier to customize the i-server based on the computing power of head cloud producers; launch the English Weidar hy800ai server in June 2023, which generated more than $1 billion in sales revenue that month: 2024q1 watt duty has already produced the most recent Nvl20gpuai server product: q2 in 2024 took the lead in completing the number of servers for the 20-chips of British Weidah.
Corporate R & D costs were $5.156 billion in 2024, an increase of 13.4 per cent over the same period, and higher levels in the industry for many years. As the company’s product lines continue to diversify, company R & D costs and investment in R & D personnel will exceed $10 billion in revenues from the centre’s business: companies will continue to implement a “two-wheel drive” strategy.
While pursuing scale expansion and product competitiveness, manufacturers are actively pursuing industry and channel markets to ensure robust business growth over the long term through cross-platform research and development, fit, efficient operation, and advanced manufacturing capabilities. We believe that the company is expected to maintain strong growth based on a full-store portfolio of products and industry channels, a build-up of h20 chip demand release and an addition of head customer orders.
In 2025, the company's data revenue is expected to reach $40 billion.Four.V.V.C., vr., two-engine card smart hardware, new ecology 4.1, big North American customer break-up, metaxr hits the aiot second-growth curve.
In the area of alot, the company has built an all-store product matrix covering smart households, ar/vr devices, game terminals, ipcamera, e-readers and smartphones, which, with innovative design capabilities and automated flexible manufacturing systems, has become a core odm partner for technology firms around the world. As one of the most rich producers in the panalot area, company depth.
Participation in the clientai eco layout, leading sales of echo smartphones, etc. in the field of smart households, leading the market in ipcamera and e-readers, and relying on Viet Nam's overseas base to achieve full-flow delivery from npi to volume of production, effectively addressing the challenge of global supply chain re-engineering.
The increase of 188%, 2025h1, the business income of 3,315 million yuan, is nearly 80% more than the same year, with an increase in kinetic energy, including a doubling of the volume of goods delivered by Japanese game palm clients and an increase in the demand for the upgrading of the North American intelligent home-based landscape. With years of technological accumulation in fingerprints, cameras, contact control, screens, wifi, and bluetooths,
Full and violent anti-dismantling techniques, their own powerful industrial design capabilities, and their integration into the industry of locks and locks smart door locks, which quickly emerge in the area of smart door locks.
Mainly engaged in research and development, production and delivery of products such as cardboards, television bats, through the continuous provision of innovative products and services, currently covering tv, monitor, commercial displays, etc., and the development of passenger-made products tailored to client needs, helping clients to achieve better cost, faster speed and higher quality products
In particular, in the vr/ar area, the company is promoting the technology of the impregnated terminal through a deep coupling of optical engines with acoustic modules, which will reach 9.8 million annually, or 6.7 per cent in three years, of cagr, in strategic collaboration with the North American head client Meta in the vr/ar area.
It has entered the scale-down phase, with its vr headline product officially delivered in December 2024, with Huaqiao as a core second supplier and a bulk supply cycle since 2025, contributing significantly to aiot operations. The company is deeply involved in the joint pre-research of the next generation of meta vr/ar and smart wear-type innovations, from hardware design to software algorithms.
In order to enhance technological competitiveness, Huaqal has continued to integrate into sensor technology through the xiab optical library and extend vertical integration capabilities to the upstream core components to optimize cost structure and delivery efficiency. Based on deep binding with Meta and continued refinement of optical-acoustic-calculation technology.
The company is expected to leapfrog to a metaxr main power supplier, opening up the field of revenue growth. Figure 62: Global vr/ar products are expected to start at 4.2, 3 electrical breakouts, from cabin to domain controlled re-consumption levels.
Global growth in new energy vehicles is robust, and the trend towards car intelligence is clear. The data from theventank show that global new energy sales reached 18,236,000 vehicles in 2024, an increase of 24.4 per cent compared to the previous year, and are expected to rise further to 22,397,000 vehicles in 2025.
A total of 40.9 per cent of the total number of major car manufacturers competed for innovation in fast-charged, long-duration, auto-drive, and entertainment videos, thus increasing the product competitiveness of new-energy cars. Figure 65: China’s new-energy automobile sales are growing steadily
Figure 66: China ' s new energy vehicle penetration rate is rapidly increasing, Level I2 Auxiliary Driving means having both horizontal control (direction) and vertical control (with deceleration) basic Auxiliary Driving functions, such as road maintenance (loc), self-adaptation cruise (accc) etc., which, according to the Gaeve Motors data, takes place in the overall car market.
In 2024, the amount of assigned amount for new vehicles in the country was 1,098,000, with a penetration rate of 47.9 per cent, including a penetration rate of 56.9 per cent for new vehicles of source origin and above, and a higher penetration rate for new brands of power was generally high, with a total of 571.9 per cent for autonomous brands of the year January-November 2024.
In terms of prices, the increase in vehicle penetration of less than $300,000 is significant, and it is the main driving force behind the spread of smart cabins. Of this, nearly half of 100,000 of 100,000 of 100,000 of 100,000 of 100,000 of them, 77.5% of 10-20 million of them, and 78.1% of 200,000 to 300,000 of them show intelligence.
As assistive and unmanned technology matures and its application accelerates, intelligent cabin penetration increases, and whole people interact with each other towards individualization, rapidisation, and multimodels. Cars show interaction with the sensor system as a human vehicle.
The core vehicle, which will usher in a period of gold development, the intellectual ability of interactive core components, such as central controls, dashboards, smart b-pillars, and displays, will be inextricably linked to improved driving experience, and will continuously raise the standards of travel and user experience.
Figure 67: 22-24 China’s intelligent driving penetration rates at different levels of the car market Chart 68: 2023-2024 China’s price zone smart cabin penetration rates The vehicle screen shows a large and multiscreening trend. Carloads show the most important passenger interface in the smart cabin before.
In the past two years, as demand and scenes have increased, there has also been an increase in the number of displays, which has expanded to Hud, streaming media rearviews, intelligent surfaces, etc. The future will also expand into new categories such as transparency columns, transparency windows, etc. In addition, core vehicles display screens and projectors.
In 2024, according to Gaescar, there were 21,87 million vehicles on the Chinese market, with a penetration rate of 95.5%. In 2024, the total LCD was 80% more: the LCD over 10 inches was nearly 70%, about 68%:
The total LCD is over 50% of the price range of 10-20 million and 64% of the price range of 200,000. The quality of the built-in monitors is constantly improving. Currently, the host plant has a more diversified demand for vehicle-borne displays, a much higher demand for effects, and the traditional display products are no longer sufficient to meet the demand.
Screens are separated, single screens, security screens, etc., which have become the dominant trend in vehicle traffic over the next few years, and show that technology has started to evolve rapidly from lcd to ltpslcd, oled, microlled, etc. Companies have built up smart hardware in the consumer electronics industry since the strategic layout of their cars in 2018.
Research and development and manufacturing experience have built up a full-scale product capability covering four main areas: smart cabins, smart network connections, smart car controls, and smart driving. In the context of the transition to electrification and intelligence in the automobile industry, companies have built on three core advantages: (1) research and development advantages: thousands of engineers with mastery of the arm architecture and the Andre system, supporting platforms in smart car control.
Auto-research and development of vcu products and joint pre-research of smart gateways and next-generation domain integration products with clients: (2) Assurance of supply: global supply chain systems based on consumer electronics, provision of car-grade parts and components for mainframe plants (3) Migration of manufacturing capacity: successful reuse of flexible production experiences (including process interoperability) in mobile phone/pc manufacturing
Automobile electronics, a standard for multi-grade, small-volume requirements. At present, based on smart cabins and vehicle-borne controls, smart-driving domain-controlled products are at the project point of head-car companies and successfully cut into the new power power supply chain in the “3-power” area, at the New Automobile Force in Beijing, followed by a small power drive project.
Obtaining a larger number of new vehicles and a more integrated domain control product project is expected to make a good contribution in the coming year; Overseas markets rely on quality markers such as Japan to accelerate client breakthroughs; company ' s car-level plant capacity is recognized by industry to support full-scale delivery and intellectual manufacturing needs: company automobile operations progressed in the lead product cabin in the first half of 2025, full of which is the main product.
The bulk of the cabin product started to arrive in bulk, with more than 30,000 shipments per month, representing a break-in from the client to the complete closed link in the car. The multiple operating systems and security level functions were integrated into a platform with high integration, high performance, and high productivity.
The advantages of a high-extenssion feature meet the individual custom development needs of the entire car manufacturer, ranging from sound to video entertainment, mastering appetizers, sound processing, image processing, navigation positioning, cell phones.
Core technologies such as connectivity, integration of rich car-networked ecology, provision of a wealth of customized information to clients Information and entertainment systems that provide clients with an overall Hmi design solution based on multiple hardware platforms such as 6125 chips, 8155 chips, etc.
Programmes range from product concepts to user studies, scene decomposition, ux design, 2d/3d dynamic design, 3d ui design, vpa original painting design, 3d scenario construction, model rendering, mass production of hmi page output, development of one-stop service, etc.
Maintain the normal movement of the entire vehicle, brake energy feedback, drive system through the can/canfd collection power and battery state and its own 10 pick-up A/rolling pedal Letter vcu, executor and sensor signals
Power cell energy management, network management, fault diagnosis, vehicle state monitoring.
Switches, vcu, table control displays, alarm audio output, body control, ota, smart diagnosis, data collection terminals in the car network-based technology smart service system, with two versions of sub-boxes and smart antennas. Supports advanced technology of 5g and c-v2x that expands vehicle full data collection, audio-visual monitoring, Ammi
High-end applications such as high-precision positioning at the 5g-v2xtbox level and car intelligence alerts.
Business runs out of $1.5 billion, up 91% from the same year, full storage capacity of the smart cabin is approved by the client, smart-driving controls are in the head of the company and electrical products are in the new power supply chain. 2025h1, the company ' s automobile electronics business is now generating $1.040 billion, an increase of 62.5% from the same time, although it is still in strategic investment period, with high-end products taking over the Biti.
4.3, 10 years of technological leverage, M & A into a second curve for robots, expected to be the year of mass production of human robots in 25 years, and 26 years of commercialization of the industry. In terms of progress in research and development by domestic and international human robot manufacturers, domestic and foreign manufacturers are almost on the same track. The year 2024 was the launch of the global prototype of human robots.
In the year, for example, 1xtech released two foot robots, Neo Caper released a pilot, K2, Boston Power Release Power, Momentum human robots entered atlas, etc. In 2025, the human robot industry was expected to enter the phase of mass production, centralized function testing, and Mask said that Tesla would produce 10,000 ptimus robots in 25 years, and if everything went well, Tesla would be able to do so.
In 26 years, it could start producing 10,000 robots per month. The human robot scenes application alliance, with intelligent lecture halls, technology vortex, Chinese robotic network, creative media, cnbc, high-worker robots, Viconet robots, web-based scientific and technological information, investment community, Shanghai Securities Journal, has positioned robotic operations as one of the three emerging strategic blocks, and in January 2025, the company adopted a fully-funded subsidiary.
The strategic initiative by Shanghai Motors Smart Technology Ltd., which acquired 75 per cent of Shenzhen's share in the market and established Guangdong Mansion Technology Ltd. to consolidate resources, marked a key milestone in its systematic expansion into robotics. The core value of the deal was the efficient integration of mature technology accumulation and commercialization capabilities of high-intelligent technology, established by the company.
In 2023, however, its technical team, which had 10 years of experience in the development of a clean-up robot, managed two years of in-depth integration into a stable and efficient operating system, successfully broke through industry headlines in the fourth quarter of 2024 and validated the ability to market its products. For Huaqin, the acquisition achieved a three-fold strategic synergy, one of which was to achieve a technology cut-off time difference.
The second is to globalize the customer resources, build on trust, cover international customer networks in North America, Japan, etc., and speed up the flow of luxury products to sea, e.g., large North American customer students.
The third is the achievement of higher manufacturing capacity, combined with a high capacity for vertical integration with a global Chinese manufacturing base, which significantly enhances the cost competitiveness and delivery elasticities of robotic products. The strategic shift toward deeper buy-and-buy is more in tune with the need for strategic transformation, and companies need to open up new growth poles in the face of the weight of Maori.
Robot business is listed as one of the three emerging business directions, and luxury technology assets and customers break through to make it the ideal vehicle. By controlling rather than fully-funded acquisitions, Huaqin has stimulated entrepreneurial team activity while controlling risk, and has expanded the brushes to cover high-end areas such as human robots.
Weed mowers, industrial robots and healthy old-age robots have been set up, and human robots have been developed, with plans to complete a professional team building and modeling by 2025. Building on the accumulation of hardware in the consumer electronics field and aiot technology, the company is moving its business from the primary to the higher end, and with the 3+n+3 strategy, the robots are deepening.
Business is expected to be a new growth pole after car electronics. 5.1. Profit forecasts: A compound increase in net profit returns over the next three years of 27.3 per cent, based on the preceding analysis, assumes that the company ' s main business is:
High performance computing operations: ai-driven high growth and a stable Māori ratio structure. According to the company's semi-annual report for 2025, the focus was on raising the share of servers and switches and adding up the volume of domestic csp computing expenditure; Pen electricity lines, with the new HP plus aipc penetration, assumed to be higher in 2025-2027.
Smart terminal operations: incremental logic dominates, profit-making quality repairs. Smart cellular operations, as a result of market share expansion + line smart wear business, company acquisition of the easy-to-reach supply chain for large North American customers, combined with new product release effects, assume an increase of 170/30/15 per cent in 2025-2027. Māori rates, corporate smartphone operations, as a result of price easing.
Emerging business: Acceleration of the second curve, continuation of the high Māori identity. At alot's business level, intellectual life scenes are getting deeper, eco-synergic effects are becoming more effective, vrar products are yielding from new North American clients, and at industrial products, as robotic/car-standard hardware is produced, companies are moving beyond the R & D input conversion period, and at the same time, companies are moving ahead.
Cost profile: (1) In order to maintain their technological leadership, continuously increase R & D inputs, optimize R & D processes, and strengthen R & D Innovations, but as noted earlier, the growth in the size of the company compared to the cost of R & D increases more rapidly, and therefore combines the company's new production Selection of the flagship technology, S.T.T., top-secret, wave information as the company's core comparable company, based mainly on business
The dual logic of the complementarity of patterns of synergy and growth: the Dragon Flag and Sumitai as global Andre phone head odm manufacturers (three together account for 70 per cent of Andre smartphone odm markets), intelligent hardware surrogate genes and customer structures similar to those shared with Huaqin, high overlaps between consumer electronic Maori rates and precision anchoring the valuation of the basic chassis of their odm industry; and precision rules.
With the precision of Apple's flagship and the rapid rise of the i-server business, it provides a two-fold reference for the precision manufacturing upgrade of Huaqin and the arithmetic expansion; wave information is a domestic server brand leader, directly directed to the heart business of the dastardly data. This combination builds the "odm scale effect + precision manufacturing + arithmetic synergy + a pure server premium"
We use comparable corporate valuations, and we select the leading technology, the mastery of Thai technology, the precision of communications, and wave information as comparable companies, with four comparable companies with an average pe projection value of 33 x in 2025, thus giving the company 33 times the price in 2025 and the number in 2025.
According to the above logic, the recovery of demand in the consumer electronics sector is a key area in driving the growth of corporate data centre operations ... corporate servers, switchboards, etc.
If the development progress of the one is not as fast as expected, the company will not make as much profit as 5.3, geopolitics-induced policy or tariff risks. In the context of the normalization of Sino-American technology games, policy repetition and the technology security crisis constitute a core risk exposure, although the h20 chip is the same.
Released in July 2025, but the public opinion rumored back-door function of tracking location triggers a Chinese security review, with the risk of a re-sale ban if it fails to meet the requirements or changes in United States policy, and a subsequent new generation of products threatened by a US blockade. The potential tariff escalation pressure of synchronisation will directly erode Māori if it cannot be passed on to customers or hedged by foreign production capacity.
Rate. The current ban is essentially a tactical response to the US-based “subchip dumping” strategy, and businesses need to be alert to the risk of a grey rhinoceros posed by the sudden increase in policy volatility and supply chain costs. 5.4, Increased competition in the industry
The consumer electronics industry has entered the stock age and, without major changes in industry demand, individual manufacturers are upgrading their core competitiveness to obtain orders to increase market share, which may increase industry competition, if the future increase in competition in the consumer electronics or data centre odm industry leads to a fall in product prices or inadequate orders, making the company as a whole profitable.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market