Collon Pharmacy (002422): short-term performance pressure to deliver new results on a continuous basis
The demand for fluids and raw materials intermediates has declined, and the value of innovative drugs on the market has increased. By fraction, the sales revenue of the 2025h1 company plate has decreased by $3.750 billion, or 19.65 per cent; the company continues to optimize the structure of the fluid product, with 2025h1 closed-links.
In the first half of the water needle operation, 343 million items were sold, a decrease of 11.96 per cent compared to the previous year, mainly due to the decline in the demand for glucose injection water needles and the failure of potassium chloride liquid needles in the tenth national collection; the drop in demand for products in the field of anti-infection; and the decline in sales of products affected by the fall in demand.
Innovations are being realized and research and development pipelines are continuing. Colomboteb264 has been marketed, and companies are still actively exploring the possibility of Soskb264 being used as a single drug therapy and combined therapy to treat other entities, including gc, ec, cc, oc, uc, crpc, and hnscc.
tki and egfr mutation nsclc in progress after chemotherapy; kb264 for 2l+therapeutic hr+/her2-bc in May; and skb264 for egfr wild nsclc on line a167 in June were determined to be breakthrough therapy.
In January of this year, the Bodo Tullium (a166) Nda was admitted for treatment of her2+bc, which had previously received at least one anti-her2 treatment, and is expected to be marketed in the second half of the year.a400/ep0031 (ret inhibitor) is being targeted at 1l.
Collon Pharmacy (002422); Key clinical studies for fast profit and 2l+late ret+nsclc and ret+mtc and 1b/2 of real tumors, prognosis, commercialization of innovative products - company
1b clinical trials in skb315, and a joint immunotherapy treatment for gc/gejc was initiated.
Growth, successful advancement of innovation medicines - Corporate Review, Colen Pharmaceutical Industries (002422); Rapid growth of large infused raw materials, and continuous implementation of innovative medicines - public
Appendix: Three series of statement projections, using data information that is legally compliant, carefully draw conclusions and present the present report independently and objectively, without any direct or indirect relationship to the specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.