The main industry is under short-term pressure, and the innovation is in a delivery period.
Events: On August 28, 2025, the company released its mid-2025 performance. The company’s income for the first half of the year, the fluid + imitation + raw materials industry is under pressure, and innovative products are placed on the market to provide a new growth curve.
Continue to promote the semi-open process of replacing fully closed fluids by improving the safety of patient fluids, closing them and selling them up 0.39 percentage points in comparison with the previous year. The company ' s intestine and intestinal nutrition triple bag products have continued to grow, with a sales of 5.44 million bags, an increase of 55.96 per cent compared to the previous year, maintaining the country ' s three cavities.
In addition, sales of powder liquid double-bag products have continued to increase by 64.24 per cent over the same period, with sales of 7.33 million bags.2 Non-infusion formulations: 1,955 million yuan in sales in the first half of the year, with the same increase mainly due to the decline in the demand for glucose water needles and to the fact that potassium chloride is injected in the tenth batch of countries.
In the field of anti-infection, products such as squid needles and penicillin needles are affected by falling demand, and sales drops to varying degrees. As Gatele, Kotele, and Datele have been approved, Colombo biology has started the process of commercializing innovative medicines, with $310 million sold in the first half of the year.
Catales accounted for 97.65% of them.3 Intermediates and raw materials: first half of the year, antibiotics intermediates and raw materials medicines achieved operating income of 2,282 million yuan, a decline of 30.29% from the same year, mainly influenced by market demand fluctuations. R & D pipelines continued to advance, and cornerstones + innovation were driven by two wheels.
The relative depth of 300 shows is a product that is listed on the market but is still actively exploring the possibility of its use as a single drug and as a combination of other treatments to treat other entities, including gc, ec, cc, oc, uc, uc, crpc and hnscc.
In addition, the partner Mercerton is promoting 14 global multi-centre clinical studies on sac-tmt as a monotherapy or joint pabel or other drugs for multiple types of cancer (including bc, lc, gynaecology cancer, and gi cancer). In January this year, Nda, who fought the platinum beads, was cdeededed.
R, which is expected to be marketed in the second half of the year, even after having received at least one of her2+ non-circumcision or transferable bc patients who have been treated against her2. 1b of the skb3115 clinical trial is under way and the joint immunotherapy treatment gc/getc has been explored. A400/ep0031 is in progress.
In January of this year, the application of the ind for the treatment of copd was approved by nmpa.
To move forward, the marketing of innovative products has accelerated, and we expect the company to return to its net profits from 2025-2027, and I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Qian Bei, Master of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Shanghai Transport University, more than 10 years of medical testing + research experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Corporate research is intensive. Sun Yi, Nanjing University Pharmaceutical Engineering/University of New South Wales, Double Master of Business Analysis, 2021, and joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2023.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.