Quarterly review 2024: continued high performance, materials + two-wheel drive research assistant Li Wenyi
Keywords: #second curve: sustained steady growth in performance: o1 achieved operating income of $4.51 billion in 2024, i.e. +25 per cent; net return to mother 1.07 billion, i.e. + 21 per cent; net loss to non-mother, i.e. $1.10 billion, i.e.
▪ High Māori ratio increased and profitability increased: 2024q1 Māori ratio was 43.5 per cent, same as +2.9 pt; net sales interest rate was 29.8 per cent, same as +1.7 pt; cost for the period was 9.5 per cent, same as +1 per cent; inventory was $15.84 billion, same as + 13 per cent; net cash flows from 2024q1 operations
It is 120 million yuan, which is 72% of the year. The bulk of the increase is in cash paid to employees in the current period, as well as in taxes and charges paid to employees.
(b) Batteries: equipment such as tubes pecvd, lpcvd diffusion, fire release, single-cylinder multi-barrel ald and dry cleaning has been developed; and (c) component equipment: reinforced stacking group
A full-line equipment supply capability. The crystal-saving semiconductor equipment locates large silicon tablets, advanced encapsulations, advanced preparation, carbonated silicon requirements: (1) large silicon equipment: crystal-saving is the nation's long-crystal equipment tap, which provides crystals, slices, grinding, polishing and polishing.
Transistor Power (300316): 2023: overall solution; (2) advanced wrapping: thinning machines; (3) advanced preparation: 8-12 inch depressive silicone extension equipment, lpcvd and ald equipment developed; (4) carbonized silicon exterior
Continued high performance, materials+equipment platforming extension equipment: 6-8 inches of carbonated silicon crystals equipment, slices, thinner equipment, polishing equipment and extension equipment, 8-12 inches of constant pressure silicone extenuating equipment, etc., rolled out of double-silica carbide
"Crystal Power" (300316): Introduction of the "Quality Rewards to Materials: Boiled Silicon Bottom & Stone & Steel Lines: (1) Silicon Carbon Bottom: 8 Inches Double Upliftment" action programme, support company equipment + materials
The carbon silicon liner negative has already achieved bulk production; (2) the rock platinum: accelerated boost of production capacity and continued development of high-quality super-platinum; (3) the diamond line: production and mass marketing of the first phase of the production project, promotion of phase II expansion projects and accelerated development of the tungsten wire.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Photovoltaic equipment is the first curve of crystallizer power growth, the second curve is the release of photovoltaic and semiconductor consumables, the third curve is the carbonated silicon equipment plus materials and semiconductor.