2023: Continued high performance, materials+equipment, desktop layout, research assistant Li Wenyi
▪ Material operations showed good performance and q4 accounted for impairment losses on inventory, affecting profits: in 2023, the company achieved operating income of $17.98 billion, i.e. +69 per cent of the year, of which $12.81 billion was earned on equipment and its services, i.e. + 51 per cent of the year, 71 per cent of the year, $4.16 billion in materials, i.e., approximately $260 million in inventory price decline losses, calculated on a precautionary basis.
The share received was 6.4 per cent, and the R & D project was concentrated in semiconductor equipment and silicon carbide, with a financial cost of -0.1 per cent and a financial cost of -0.1 per cent, compared to +0.1 pct.  Inventory & contract liabilities were higher and hand-ordered: corporate contract liabilities were 10.72 billion yuan at the end of 2023, compared to +13 per cent, limousine equipment: full coverage of silicon, batteries and components: (1) fifth-generation low-oxy monocrystal furnaces: enhanced efficiency of assistive batteries at the end of 2023
Low Oxygen Superconducted magnetic field single crystal furnaces are a determinative trend; (2) Battery equipment: tubes of pecvd, lpcvd diffusion, de-fired, single cavity multi-barrel ald and dry cleaning equipment have been developed that are compatible with the bc and topcon processes; (3) Component equipment: enhanced whole-line equipment supply capacity for tiles.
"Crystal Power" (300316): Introduction of "Quality Pays" Cystic Semiconductor Equipment Positioning Large Silicon Fractures, Advanced Covering, Advanced Preparations, Carbonated Silicon: (1) Large Silicon Equipment: Magnetic Secrete for National Production, Crystal Caps, which provides an overall solution for long crystals, slices, grinding, polishing; (2) Advanced Envelopes: Successfully developed applications
(iii) Advanced: 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon depressive growth equipment developed by the company and ald equipment successively entered the certification order
Para. (4) Carbonated silicon extension equipment: 6-8 inches of carbonated silicone crystallization equipment, sliced equipment, thinning equipment, polishing equipment and extension equipment, 8-12 inches of constant pressure silicone extenuating equipment, etc., were developed, and dual silicone exten extension equipment was introduced.
The company’s fully-owned subsidiary, Jing Hung, has continued to strengthen its research and development efforts on key components with the aim of nationalizing nuclear components and components. Quantified: Performance meets expectations, photovoltage & semiconductor materials: layout silicon line & pebble & diamond line: (1) Carbon silicon line: 8 inches of carbon silicon lined negatives have been approved
Two-wheel-drive production of body, equipment and materials; (2) stone-pessium: accelerated booster capacity and continued development of high-quality super-cams; (3) diamond-line: operationalization and bulk marketing of one phase of production, promotion of phase two extension projects and acceleration of tungsten-line development.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Photovoltaic equipment is the first curve of crystals, the second curve is light-voltage and semiconductor, the third curve is the release of carbonated silicon equipment plus materials and semiconductor equipment. We expect the company to perform brightly in 2024-2026.
In 2023, the company achieved operating income of 17,988 million yuan, compared with 69 per cent, of which the equipment and its services earned 12,81 billion. The profitability remained stable, with a net interest rate of about 49.4 per cent for the year as a whole, and the R&D project concentrated in semiconductor equipment and silicon carbonide, with a financial cost of -0.1 per cent and +0.1 per cent for the year.
Figure 3: Corporate Māori 41.7 per cent and net interest rate 29.5 per cent in 2023
3. Inventory & contract liabilities increased by a high level of hand orders + 25 per cent, with companies failing to complete contracts for crystal growing equipment and smart processing equipment totalling $28.26 billion (including taxes)
4. Photovoltaic equipment: achieve full coverage of silicon tablets, batteries and components (1) Fifth Generation Low Oxygen Single Crystal furnace: Auxiliary Battery Efficiency Upgrade Low Oxygen Superconducted Magnetic Field Single Crystal furnace is a determinative trend; (2) Battery equipment: development of tubes pecvd, lpcvd diffusion, withdrawal of compatible bc and Topcon processes
Equipment such as fire, monocrystal multi-cylinder ald and dry cleaning; (3) component equipment: whole-line equipment for reinforced stacked tiles for 5. Magnetic semiconductor equipment to locate large silicon tablets, advanced encapsulation, advanced preparation, carbonated silicon (1) large silicon equipment: crystals are the long-crystal equipment of the nation, capable of providing long crystals, slices, grinding, polishing the whole body.
Solutions; (2) advanced encapsulation: successful development of 12 inches of 3-axis thinners, light machines and 12 inches of thin polish cleaners for use in crystal circle manufacture and advanced encapsulation; (3) advanced process; 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon developed by the company; pressure-reducing growth equipment and ald equipment in successive stages of validation: (4) carbonated silicon extenance equipment: developed 6 - 6
8-inch carbonated silicon crystallization equipment, sliced equipment, thinning equipment, polishing equipment and extension equipment, 8-12-inch constant pressure silicon extension equipment, etc. In the case of spare parts, the company’s fully-owned subsidiary is well-developed, aiming at national production of nuclear parts and components, and continues to strengthen the research and development of critical components.
6. Materials: plated silicon liner & quartz & steel line (1) Carbon silicon liner: 8 inches of silicon linerized film has already been produced in bulk; (2) Stone platinum: accelerated promotion of production capacity of silicon and continued development of high-quality superstitone; (3) diamond line: production and approval of phase 1 production project
7. Profit forecasting and investment rating.
The third curve is the release of silicon carbide plus materials and semiconductor equipment. We expect the company to return to its three major financial projections for 2024-2026.