Half-yearly, 2025: Revenues from source products are overexpected, and companies are expected to benefit from new demand for subsequent new products  Source products are over-expected and the depth of follow-up benefits from 1.6t demand releases.
The light-source devices generate $1.57 billion, the same ratio +91.0%, and the ring ratio +87.6%, which we believe is mainly a high increase in the demand for overseas numeracy interconnections. Looking ahead, as 1.6t head-to-head customers move on overseas, companies still have deep returns.
• Overseas headquarters and Thai production capacity are being delivered, and more research and development is being invested to facilitate the arrival of new products. In 2024, the company's New Gabpo Overseas Headquarters platform and Thai production base were shipped, the second phase of the Thai production base project has been completed, and the commissioning and sample production of equipment will be completed in the near future and submitted to the client for certification.
In the future, efforts will be made to obtain more client orders, gradually increase capacity utilization, and significantly increase the ability of the global resource allocation and internationalization of the talent team. The company will increase its efforts to develop and develop core technologies in such cutting-edge areas as silicon light and cpo, which are expected to meet the needs of large offshore clients, researching 2025h1.
The demand for calculus continues to grow, and the demand for scale-up+scale-outca connectivity has burst. Capital spending by two-line cloud producers has remained strong, and Marvell expects four clouds in 2025.
The total cost of the plant was over $300 billion, mainly for the construction of the i-data centre and the accelerator collection.
Quarterly 2025: Performance meets expectations, period is slightly worse but higher value than value, unit dollars is available for purchasing, arithmetic cards and ancillary additions, cloud plant capital expenditure is invested or redistributed, and the industrial chain is expected to grow faster than cloud industry capital.
This cost increase. Scale-up is a key bottleneck solution that directly drives bandwidth demand and light interconnection. Companies are deeply involved in the open + non-sourced head of the computing chain overseas.
Vendors are expected to benefit in depth from the demand generated by scale-up.
Three financial forecasts for Tianfu Communications. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.