The net profit of q2 was higher than the ring, and the high-speed light module was in demand — the Tienfu communication (300394.sz) incident assessment report released its semi-annual report for 2025: operational in the first half of 2025.
ivzy@cfsc.com.cn High growth in active business, high demand for high-speed light module, accelerated development of the artificial intelligence industry in the first half of 2025, global data centre construction belt
The steady and sustained growth in demand for high-speed lightware products has led to higher net profit growth in both source and source-based product lines. Of this, q2 achieved a 49.64 per cent increase in net profit for mothers and 66.34 per cent for ring.
Income from services increased by 90.95 per cent over the same period, thanks to increased payments for high-speed and dynamic products, companies continued to expand their new clients, and demand for high-speed products remained strong at the next stage, with the prospect of sustained growth in corporate performance.
Globalization strategy, Thailand Phase II plant, R & D sample and corporate strategy to sustain globalization, with Singapore headquarters platform, United States sales subsidiaries and Thailand's production base as key support points for improving overseas markets.
The first phase of Thailand's production base was launched in mid-2024, and is currently increasing capacity in response to client needs; the second phase is complete and is in the process of developing samples and customer validation.
The production of source-based and non-source-based products is expected to enter large-scale mass production in 2026.1 Fertilize Communications (300394): high growth in the performance of nationally produced light engines, global layout
With the gradual increase in capacity utilization, the Thai base will contribute to the company's revenue and 2, Fibre Communications (300394): ai overseas to sustain research and development investment, with a focus on cpo and silicon photon technology
Deployment of a high-speed light engine operation, with equity incentives to show a steady increase in performance and confidence.
11.97% of R & D projects focused on 800g, 1.6t silicon-based photon technology, high-power optical engines for the photoreceivable module, and development of multi-channel high-power intenses for cpo applications, optical instruments, fibre-optic coupling arrays, etc. The company ' s 1.6t light engine is now located.
The company also started the layout of the cpo accompanies earlier, and the related accompanies are well under way, and the new products are now in the lead-up to phase two of the country's plant, and the forward layout of the cpo, silicon light is promising one.
Step-by-step consolidation of corporate competitive advantages and maintenance of a “buy-in” rating of investments. Risks, downstream demand below expectations, overseas expansion below expectations
Luzhoyang: Master of Arts (M.A.), National University of Australia, at Fangzheng Seok, four years of experience in research. 2023 Zhang Shuu: Bachelor of Science in International Political Economics, University of Haya padada, Master of Economics, University of Hong Kong, 2023 China Ishi Jun-yung: Master of Finance, University of Hong Kong, double degree in actuarials and statistics, University of New South Wales, researcher.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or not for, the specific submissions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.