High demand for high-speed light devices and sustained growth in company performance - Tienfu communication (300394.sz) semi-annual report, 2025 26 August 2025, Tianfu communication, semi-annual 2025: first half of 2025
High demand for high-speed light device products and sustained growth in corporate performance. In the first half of 2025, global data centre construction benefited from accelerated growth in the artificial intelligence industry, which led to a steady and sustained increase in demand for high-speed light device products, leading to an increase in corporate performance in 2025.
In the second half of the year, companies are expected to benefit from 800g, 1.6t high-speed lightware product release belts, increase R & D inputs to build technical barriers, and global layouts foster new growth spaces. Companies are driven by market demand, supported by technological innovation, around 1.6t high-speed products.
Upgrading core process innovation and increasing efficiency gains on a continuous basis. 2025 Internationalization strategy, with a dual headquarters, a dual production base and a multi-field R & D centre, has set up headquarters in Suzhou and Singapore, both offshore and offshore; Japan, Shenzhen, Su.
State-run R & D centres: build production bases in Jiangxi and Thailand to provide multi-stakeholder selection and localized technical support and services to clients.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: Benefiting from the development of the ai technology and the increased demand for arithmetic, the construction of the global data centre has led to a steady and sustained increase in demand for high-speed optical device products, especially faster demand for high-speed products, which has led to sustained growth in corporate performance.
Quantities - Fulbright Communications (300394.sz) 2024 and the Quarterly Review Report 2025 led to a sustained increase in performance, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
" Growing demand for high-speed light devices, company performance \triangleright tri-annual report " 2024.10.25
High-speed light device demand continues to grow, company performance continues to increase - foil communications (300394.sz) 2024 \triangleright
This report is available without the interference and influence of stakeholders in the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have made the corresponding information when predicting the evolution of the securities variety or making recommendations on the feasibility of the investment securities.
Lew, to the extent that he or she knows, his or her interests and those in the property have no interest in the securities that have been evaluated or recommended. I will not rate myself as r4 for the risk rating in this report, but only for customers (c4 and above) who meet the requirements for the proper management of investors in Hualong Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”).
The opinion and judgement of the day are published. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, but it is not obliged to do so.