Half-yearly in 2025, communications from the foil (300394) reported growth in source and sourceless product lines, with revenue and profits increasing by two billion yuan, or 57.84 per cent, the same year; net profit from the parent, net profit from the deduction, and net profit from the parent return, respectively, 8.99 and 8.99.
The virtual economy, cloud computing, ai artificial intelligence, etc., drive the continued expansion of the global data centre, the rapid growth of the artificial intelligence industry in the city's demand for optical device products, and the construction of the global data centre has led to a steady and sustained increase in demand for high-speed optical device products, which in turn has driven companies to have them.
In the first half of 2025, corporate research and development projects included the development of multi-channel high-power lasers for the application of the cpo-els module.
Development of single-wave 200g light launcher, multi-channel fibre-optic coupling arrays for cpo application scenes, development of (fcfau) primary data on 5 September 2025, 800g light-received module product development based on silicon photon technology, applicable
The central light module will be the fastest growing market in 2025. According to the cignalai projections,
Roe(ttm) The market for lightware for data centres in 2025 will grow by more than 60%, with revenues exceeding $16 billion. Lightning expects the shortage of eml to ease in the second half of 2025 and silicon light.
The December Minimum Price (RMB) case will continue to gain market share and will continue to maintain an expected 50 per cent increase in sales of the ESP module in 2025.
Investment proposal: The company is the leading provider of the overall solution for optical communications devices and the first producer of optical appliances in the industry, specialized in high-speed optical equipment development, mass production and marketing, and accumulates in such basic materials as precision ceramics, engineering plastics, composite metals, optical glass, etc.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.