Wirtschaftsprüfer (300394.sz) has seen a significant increase in active operations, and the cpo project continues to move forward.
In the first half of the year 2025, the growth of unsourced operations was steady and the growth of active operations was significant. In the first half of the year, companies were left without resources and generated $860 million, an increase of 23.8 per cent over the same period, mainly thanks to the high-speed light modules, fau, separators, aoc parallel optical connectors and wave-recycled light modules, etc.
Highest/lowest amount of product in the year. At the same time, we believe that the company actually has no source or more than an appearance because of the in-house use of passive products in the source business and short-term bottlenecks in the recruitment of workers.
Market value of the share in circulationa (billions): The supply of dynamic products continues to increase, the demand for high-speed products remains strong for the next stage for customers, the construction of plant capacity in the company Thailand is progressing steadily, and the second phase is expected to contribute significantly in the coming year.
By that time, in the 2nd fiscal year 2026 report released earlier by Yvette, Internet operations collected up to $7.3 billion, basic data: on 30 June 2025, the ring rose by 46 per cent, and the rapid climb of the gb300 container in the second half of the year will drive the demand for the 1.6t light module.
The company is a core supplier of sophisticated optical connections. The quantumx800 silicon light cpo switch will be launched for the first time on gtc2025.
The company is expected to provide customised high-density fau and handle the gas sealing of the light engine and the fine match of fau.
Compared to the Kowoo-Yo cell, cpo can achieve 3.5 times more energy efficiency, 10 times more reliability and reduce the camp time to 77 percent, thus accelerating the deployment and rapid expansion of the ai plant.
In the next generation of scaleeout networks, Weida is expected to promote cpo to highlight its high port (radix), low delay and energy efficiency advantages, and companies are expected to benefit from it as early partners in the industrial chain.
The vertically integrated business model will bring more active business to the company. Twenty years the company has formed a fibre-optic array, box, and a deep accumulation of basic materials such as fine \triangleright ceramics, engineering plastics, optical glass, etc.
One-stop product solutions, such as encapsulation, parallel optical design, and nanoscale precision mold design. Companies drive source competitiveness (one-stop material supply and cost advantages), source-driven unsourced sales (uplifting the port and Maori rates) and the share of source business or further ups.
The company’s light engine operations are expected to grow faster, with a large number of system manufacturers increasing the layout of cpo and the potential silicon cooio customization of large csps in the future. On the domestic front, under the flash of demand, the power of the module is in short supply, emerging players are expected to rise, and the company’s domestic revenues are expected to grow in the first half of the year.
We see the firm's big client, 1.6t, starting up fast in the second half, the company's cpo deep layout, \triangleright, and with the drive of British Weida, it's expected to be a new growth engine of 2026, raising the profit forecast.
The demand for the 1.6t light module for large clients was released less than expected, owing to, inter alia, the gb300 climb, and the company ' s ability to expand Thai production was less than expected to lead to a decline in orders for the unproblematic conversion of unsourced operations; the share of sourced products increased gradually, with a lower overall Māori rate; the volume value of cpo products and Māori rates were lower than expected; and the tariff friction between Central America and the United States
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.