Net profit of 867 million yuan, an increase of 35.3 per cent in the same year, q2 quarter q2 recorded revenues of 1,511 million yuan, an increase of 83.3 per cent, ring growth of 60.0 per cent, net profit return of 561 million yuan, an increase of 49.6 per cent in the same year, and Magawei.
>ai demand-driven, photo-sourcer business increased significantly, enabling companies performed more: companies performed more in the first half of the year, collecting and returning net profits increased by 57.8 per cent and 37.5 per cent, respectively, including downstream demand for telecommunications side markets, ai-driven high-speed lightware products continued to grow, and support companies performed more.
Increases. 1) Lightless devices: 863 million won in the first half of the year, higher than the demand for higher-end products driven by the growth of the ai, continued upscaling of corporate profitability - 2025/04/21
At the industry level, the current high overseas giant capex is expected to continue in the upstream light communication sector \triangleright high: overseas giant Microsoft/Google/meta/Amazon 25q2 quarter capex totals about 95 billion
3. Mobil Communications (300394.sz) 2023: Meta further upgraded to the lower limit of year-round capex guidelines, prior period up to $64 - $72 billion, i.e., over-expected performance, high-speed lightware product demand
A similar high growth was recorded in the tri-quarters of 2023 of the Fertilde Telecom (300394.sz). Google directed the capex year up from $75 billion before to $85 billion.
Q: q3 performance exceeded expectations, high-speed demand for products increased significantly (as compared with +62%) and noted 26 years of capex going up. Microsoft expects capex to be over $30 billion next quarter. Amazon expects to continue with high investment levels similar to 25q2 in the second half of the year.
Review: ai demand-driven high-speed product release, q2 performance increase company investment in R & D to take full advantage of future development opportunities in such frontier areas as 1.6t, cpo: \triangleright \triangleright
5.11%. Core directions include development of multi-channel high-power lasers for cpo-els module applications, development of multi-channel fibre-optic coupling arrays for cpo application scenarios (fcfau), development of single-wave 200g light transmitters, development of 800g optical module products based on silicon photon technology, 1.6t silicon
The company is expected to benefit fully in the future, with cpo, silicon, etc., all of which are the technological pathways at the heart of the field of light communication. Investment advice: the company as the lead provider of the country’s overall solution for optical devices and advanced optical envelopes.
\triangleright Manufacturing service providers, both active and non-sourced, have a remarkable strength and synergy. Currently, i demand pushes the acceleration of demand for high-speed light modules and, in turn, the growth of demand for high-speed light engines, high-speed light device products, public goods, etc.
We expect the company to return its net profits from 2025-2027 \triangleright methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, present the report independently and objectively, and be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.