In the evening of March 30, 2025, China Oil released its annual report for 2024. The annual profit contribution from the upstream oil and gas plate grew steadily throughout the year, and the downstream refined and sold block was under pressure.
At the end, the high international oil price shock of 2024 was running, with oil prices rising and falling in the first half of the year, and international oil prices fell down in the second half, as a result of the weakening global macroeconomic situation and the slowdown in geo-pregnancy. The average Brent oil price was $79.86 per barrel in 2024, compared to $79.86 per barrel in the second half of the year.
In 2023, the hub moved down to $2.31/barrells. The split is profitable, with oil and gas and new energy sources, refining and new materials, sales and gas sales, respectively, achieving RMB 1597/$20.2 billion in operating profits. Overall, the company’s oil and gas plate profits are still prominent, but they are received in four quarters.
The impact of the fall in oil prices and the decline in the profitability of oil and gas and new energy plates, but natural gas sales plates are affected by the fall in the price of natural gas on the international market, the cost of which is clearly optimized, the value of which is considerable; refining plates and oil sales plates are subject to weak domestic demand for finished oils and chemical industries.
In 2024, the company insisted on efficient exploration, oil production increased steadily, gas production grew faster, and new energy operations continued.
On the oil and gas side, the company achieved 240 million tons of corporate oil and gas equivalent production in 2024, compared to 110 million tons in the same year, an increase of 0.4 per cent in the same year; the marketable natural gas production was 14,360 million cubic metres, a positive increase of 4.6 per cent in the same year, with a steady increase in oil and gas production.
G74.70 per barrel, $1.9 per barrel down from $76.60 per barrel in the same period the previous year, with an average decrease slightly lower than the international oil price. With regard to new energy sources, corporate concentration has accelerated development.
Natural gas sales have increased in quality and sales have reached record highs.
Source, integrated and coordinated gas reservoir intake and eng spot procurement, efforts to reduce the pool of natural gas resources to cindasecuritiesco., Ltd., which effectively controls the cost of natural gas procurement at a favourable time for international gas prices to fall,
According to our calculations, the average operating cost of the company's gas sales in 2024 was 1.87 yuan.
In addition, the company continues to optimize its customer structure, expands its efforts to market customers and end-markets, actively engages in market-based transactions, and sells natural gas with proven efficiency.
Refinement plates have accelerated and upgraded, with an improvement in the single-season profit ring ratio. Refinement plates, 2024, have processed 190 million tons of crude oil, compared to 1.5 per cent, and production of 120 million tons of finished oil, compared to changes in demand, with flexible pressure on diesel fuel output.
In the process of repair, but due to factors such as the replacement of new energy vehicles, the company ' s sales of diesel fuel have fallen. In 2024, the total volume of oil produced by the company was 159 million tons, compared to 4.1 per cent.
Oil increases, production of new materials has reached an all-time high, with corporate chemical commodity volumes of 3898.1 49.3 per cent in 2024. From a performance point of view, the company ' s refining operations have been influenced by weak demand for finished oils, weak overall profitability, increased precipitation of chemical plates, and better profit on a par.
The profits are 3.2 billion yuan, compared to 2.5 billion yuan; in addition, according to our calculations, the company's four-quarter oil refining and market value management approach is on the ground, and the company's ability to develop quality and value creation is expected to improve.
A market value management scheme has been issued to improve the quality of the company, implement strategic management, and thus enhance the value of the company's investments and its shareholders' ability to return. Under the company's market value management scheme, future or public promotions will be made through various means, such as capital operations, equity incentives, cash dividends, equity buy-backs, etc.
In our view, when the market value management scheme of the company has landed, there are many perspectives and layers that can boost the quality of the company's operations and its value-creation capacity, its investment prices, profitability projections and investment ratings: we expect the company to return to its net profit in 2025-2027, respectively.
8.39 times. We look at the firm's robust performance growth trends as domestic oil and gas poles and the long-term investment value of the company's market value management approach when it lands, and we maintain the company's “buy-in” risk factors: production less than expected in the increase in reserves; the risk of large fluctuations in crude oil prices; and the company's newness.
Built capacity is not as high as expected; downstream demand is not repaired as expected; new energy is new; Dr. W.W., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Geological Mineral Economics Council, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation (CIEAC) Expert Pool, Member of the China Price Association's Coal Price Select Committee and former member of the China Coal Industry Association
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) for more than a decade has been involved in research and research in coal and energy-related fields. He has been the chair of the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He has been in charge of research on large-scale energy panels since 2019.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, was an expert and assistant to the Director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, a member of the Committee on Carbon Central and Specialized Industry of the Chinese Society of Environmental Sciences, and a member of the Committee on Energy Transformation, Carbon Central and Petrochemical Industry Development. He has led a number of studies, including a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and has participated in the development of policy papers on the construction of new energy systems, industrial carbon peaks and high-quality development in ministries.
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in March of that year, Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to work on the petrochemical component, which has no connection with, has no connection with, and will not be directly or indirectly related to, the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.