A summary of the mid-term performance of the Bank of Peace (100001) Retail transition, with an increase in the level of undesired disposal.
Martinine, the net profit grew by 2.13% in the same year, with a narrow interest spread and a net interest spread. The effect of the first half of the year’s net return, with the change in business, increased by 3.78% in the same year, was a small decrease in net interest earnings; and fees and commissions.
Rates of gain have been reduced by 12 bps from the credit business restructuring factor, 11 bps from higher deposit costs, and interest-bearing liabilities have been reduced. At the same time, the cost of interest-bearing liabilities has increased significantly, as a result of factors such as higher interest rates among peers.
Credit card and credit card clients) account for more than 58 million households, an increase of 11.53 per cent from the end of the previous year; aum size, an increase of over 950 billion, an increase of 19.23 per cent from the end of the previous year. Retail loan balances, total credit card transactions have increased by more than 20 per cent. Rapid growth in business volume has led to an increase in performance contributions.
At the end of June, the Bank ' s total assets stood at about 3.1 trillion, an increase of 4.70 per cent over the previous year. Of this total, loans and advances totalled about 16,000 and 5pc; loans to real estate and transport were increased.
The impact has been on the restructuring of assets and liabilities, and the size of the assets of a partner has continued to contract for two consecutive quarters. At the end of the debt, the balance of deposits was approximately 1.91 trillion, which is almost equal to the previous year. The personal deposit ratio has increased, with significant write-off and disposal efforts, and negative write-offs and transfers of approximately 18.9 billion in the first half of the year, up from the same period last year.
Banking weekly: Refinancing Refinancing about $3.6 billion; Recovery of loans written off, 1.768 billion, exceeding the 16-year level.
Reconciling and transferring shares can complement core-level capital and significantly ease capital pressure. Performance improvement for high-predictability banks  Profit forecasting and investment rating: number of clients since the smooth banking transition in retail finance, aum3. Weekly report on banking: economic data is too predictable
Indicators such as rapid growth; accelerated exposure of bad assets, increased disposal of write-offs, more than 16 years of clean-up, and continued to look at the bank block. Year-round levels; successful debt swaps could significantly ease capital pressure, and future performance could grow over time.
Banking research framework - how to look at “consumption upgrading” of bank investments - 6. Banking research framework - How to look
Financial statements, operations, identification of 10
The new format of the meeting, the video recording, the 2-D sign-in, the eggs, etc., reflects the importance that management attaches to capital markets. The following is a summary of the on-site question-and-answer session:
Banks used to be four-wheel-drives: company business, retail business, investment, industry. Retail transformation is now explicitly proposed: first, keeping strategy first, second, strategy in place, and third, team. Retail ratio is down, relative to the public ratio. Retail resources are invested more, for example, in technology, retail research.
1,800 people, or 16% of the total retail workforce. Financial resources and other inputs are compressed, with a 20% increase in technology. 2) The pattern is right. Credit cards, new loans, car consumer loans, etc. perform well, yield well, risk management is high, and they drive retail growth.
After re-searching the gains and losses of past group clients, a new approach was put in place in May, reaching 38% in June, nearly 40% in July, and over 40% in August.
Car master cards, hoping to transfer 20 to 30 million of the 50 million users to a safe credit card. 3) Teams. Retail teams have not only Internet, financial-related, but also people with a better understanding of the peace groups, and their potential will continue to be realized in the future.
In addition, with regard to risk indicators, the Bank has accumulated a lot of data resources (for over a decade of new loans), compared to the system of prevention of counterfeiting, which now makes it possible to determine whether or not the probability of forgery is in the first place. The human face of the counterfeit system does not have a 5 million customer database stock, and the accuracy rate is higher. These data support poor controls.
Business loans, retail underdevelopment rates have dropped by double, to 0.6% in the first half of the year, not just credit cards, new loans, and many retail operations have done better. The Sake Bank Automated Transfer System is automatically provided at 30, 60, and 90 days, showing full data on the customer's comprehensive system.
Real-time approval takes eight seconds to reach a credit profile, to determine immediately whether credit cards can be issued, and thus to judge high-quality customers. This requires a strong database and a wind-controlled back-up.
In the first half of the year, $176.3 billion was disbursed, 1.45 times the amount of the same period last year. New loans, credit cards, etc., were growing. New loans grew faster from $4.9 billion to 10 billion at the end of June. Moreover, clients with insurance policies are usually better qualified and more traded in credit card transactions.
Retail finance has many products and groups that are not in conflict, such as inclusive customers, unlike bankers. The banks borrow money in a number of categories, some with collateral, such as cars. Second, many of the new loans are single consumer loans.
And credit cards are mostly micro-credits, which are different from many business loans that are inclusive. And the process, with interest rates, is not the same. The Internet is much different, and now is dominated by micro-credit. Safe banks have greater confidence in finding customers, for example, through class credit cards. In risk judgements, it is now machine-learning models that judge rather than simply linear.
The retail structure has a higher share of high-yield loans, and banks and inclusive loans have to work with life insurance, but harmony is growing on both sides. Retailing customers are more fragmented, while life insurance has a better profile and a lower rate of underperformance.
In the section, a video view of facial expressions is required to identify micro-expressions through high resolution and to use the ai to reduce risk. 3. Central receipt performance. Overall, there has been a decline, but financial management, insurance policies and asset management continue to perform well.
Half-yearly coverage has reached the level of last year. Credit card collections have also grown faster, as have trade finance on the kilometre side. Life insurance is needed as a long-term product, and the future is more optimistic. 1. Retail transitions are growing faster, but the deposit base is weak, and there are pressures on public business development in the short term.
There is a real short-term pressure on the deposit base. But public business is developed in a new way, and it's not unexplored.
The bank does not necessarily issue loans, but it does. From June to July, for example, it's going to run a team transition process. Once the bank has determined the path to public business, management places a high priority on doing business in a layered, real-account way. Even if there is no increase in deposits, priority should be given to retail deposits and to keeping the transition strategy in place.
In terms of the quality of the assets, the growth has been faster in the past. Several branches have been overburdened, so the write-off rate has increased in the first half of the year. The percentage of litigation is higher than before, suggesting that it is now active.
Consumer credit, for example, lum-led aum, a team from the Bank of Peace has taken a long period of time, such as 13 years of accumulation of a new loan, 15 years of experience in inclusive business, and data sharing within the group, including car loans, is achievable.
Car lending has accumulated a market share of 18 per cent over the years (China’s largest), with a poor rate of 0.9 per cent, and, in addition to time, talent. Retail risk executives, with 20 years of experience, have had more than one bank, safe banks, multiple channels, branches, life risks, the Internet, etc.
There are many measures to manage problematic assets and implement three levels. For example, there are improvements in the risk manager ' s supervision and appraisal system. In the management of new clients in the company ' s business, the industry focuses on supporting the health sector, and low-end manufacturing, with a relatively high default rate, is controlled. Retailing is of good quality, with a bad rate of 1.28%, and migration rates are now in place in the second half of the year.
3. The question of asset quality is whether it is too fast or regional? Branch authority, description of the risk management system. Quality of assets: 1) External factors: in economic terms, the down-speed of the economy has a significant impact on the banking sector as a whole, mainly in low-end manufacturing and wholesale retailing, where the probability of default is high and is consistent with the number of disclosures made by the Bank ' s Supervisory Board.
According to Zhejiang and Hangzhou, this year in Shandong, the problem of guarantees broke out, and there was a systemic risk. 2) Internal: this year, it took the initiative to increase the level of litigation against poorly run business loans, using a section on direct litigation.
In terms of delegation of authority, it is based on risk-control capabilities and regional risks as a whole. For branches, the Ministry of Industry and Industry, such as Hangzhou and Ningbo, has centralized and centralized management, which differs from other bank appraisal indicators.
The overall recovery rate was 98%. The main achievements were: 1) professional teams were established, 40% of whom graduated from the legal profession and formed teams of specialists from the top down. 2) Using the platform, many debtors receive money, some of which are not operating losses, and the problem is finding the flow of their funds. 45 platforms were set up to locate cash flows, funds flows and people.
Retail transition, which began in October last year and has now lasted more than nine months, has shown determination and support from the group. As retail transition has evolved, the balance sheet structure has also changed, and it is hoped that it will take two to three years (including more than nine months).
This year, retail sales accounted for two-thirds of the total, with 64% of the reported profits, but this and the public provision and risk costs are off the line. It is hoped that after removing these effects in future retail operations, Safe Banks will be able to make banks specializing in retail operations.
Many efforts have been made, such as the current 1,800-person IT team, to develop a new model, to make a commitment, and to invest more. In the process of transformation, public business is also to be done, and there is a clear line of thinking about public business, making good corporate banks.
The company’s business is also being designed through a new business model: commercial banks + investment + investment, binding brothers of the group, and different models. As a result of changes in future growth patterns, the structure has also changed, with frequent attention to the tables.
Changes, many of which will not be visible in the future business tables, will change somewhat, but with a lot of non-interestable income and liabilities. The shift in configurations to retail, with a structural increase in retail distribution, is still a new model for the public, and does not take into account the prospect of doing business in a deleveraging context?
The adjustment of the stock structure has improved in the current interest-rate environment. The most important task is to optimize the current business model, with all types of assets returning to their source of investment, trading and sales.
Benefit classes, cash classes such as bills of deposit, bonds, etc., test the ability of banks to allocate large groups of assets. Centralize non-scheduled credit classes, test the timing and efficiency of asset allocation, and increase research into asset management. Bank advantages are clear, stock adjustments are made, taking into account that stock assets are based on capital returns, and the liquidity of incremental assets is tested.
The product design capability is followed by the ability to sell, choosing to sell at the right time.
1.O2 net interest difference ring ratio or a certain contraction in comparison with o1 is seen in this context? The outlook for the second half of the year of interest differentials? 2) There were policy problems in the first half of the year, with the increase in the camp last May and the effect of the net interest income split in the previous five months, which will be felt by banks.
For example, 10 years of public debt and three months of joint stockholdings, the overall upward shift in interest rates will have a significant impact on the industry. 4) Retail lending is priced at higher prices, or pressure will increase. Retail as a share of total assets is increasing, and as the ratio rises, the future contribution to the net difference will be increasing.
1. The Group has set up the Science and Technology Finance Corporation (STFC) to meet future expectations in science and technology finance. The retail component, the combination of credit cards, pocket banks, etc., concentrates on the experiences of clients and allows them to move. One-stop open platforms can provide a wide range of services such as loans, deposits, money management, credit card payments, etc.
In addition, the company has established a big risk data team, which is now doing better in risk management. At the same time, the big data should extend from back-office risk management to front-office marketing management and market operations, in terms of customer demand and market precision.
For the public sector, many STIs are working with groups, such as Orangenetapp. For the public sector, there are several key platforms: 1) Orangenet, which has more than 5 million users; 2) factoring, which is specific to the accounts receivable market.
The main service clients are factorers and core businesses, where receivables can interface assets and funds on this platform; 3) cross-border ease to meet the business needs of cross-border offshore purchases, which have reached more than 23 billion dollars; 4) industry access. These platforms serve different products and customers. Orangenet services are broader, with more than 900 external power suppliers connected, friends, friends, etc.
These platforms have made services easier by using Internet technology. Safe and external cooperation has become more powerful, and now seeks to enhance the connectivity of the bank’s internal platforms.
Technology’s ability will be a place where the future will be safe from other banks. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. already has a securities investment advisory board.