Medicines Group, New Molecular R & D has borne fruit and overseas authorizations continue to be honoured.
Innovative drug revenues are growing rapidly, and overseas authorizations are making progress simultaneously: the dynamics of growth outside corporate innovation in 2024, 2024.8.22.
In China, the company has been awarded 17 new molecular entity drugs (1 type of innovative medicine), 4 items of other innovative medicines (2 types of new medicine). The innovation medicine has worked, and the company has received an initial payment of Euro160 million in foreign licences and kailera.
In addition, the company will have the exclusive right to develop, produce and commercialize the dll3adc innovation drug shr-4849, which it will develop autonomously, with the exception of the Greater China.
New platforms, new molecules: the company's continuous improvement of established protacs, pyrics, monoclonal antibodies, bi-transit antibodies, multi-specific antibodies, adc and radioactive formulation therapy.
Technical platforms, such as the French, have started to build new molecular models and to develop new ones, such as a drug research and development platform. Twenty-six of the company’s self-researched innovators have entered the clinical phase during the reporting period, including small molecularized drugs, antibodies, adc, and more than 10 new ones have been developed on the adc platform.
Distinguished adc molecules have been successfully approved for clinical treatment, and shr-a1811 (her2adc) has now been added to the list of breakthrough treatment varieties by cde. During the reporting period, three adc products were granted fast-track (ftd) eligibility by the United States fda.
Gradual elimination of the first and increasing contribution of the first varieties: sales of the alkali injection fluids, etc., included in the ninth national collection, decreased by $844 million over the same reporting period: however, Bubika gained faster after the introduction of the first replicable products, such as the lipid body, the amphibious membrane of the Andans, etc., into health care
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating, taking into account the impact on the statements of companies planning to market their shares, we appreciate that companies are developing clinically less than expected; overseas authorizations are not delivered as much as expected; and domestic controls are in place.
Exceeds the expected risk; exchange gain/loss risk, etc. Click or click here to enter text Scan to get more services
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market