Non-financial company stocktaking report Energy International (600011.sh) . Long-term factors that contribute to improved performance as a result of falling coal prices determine the value of investments
Incidents: The company issued its first quarterly report for 2025. In the first quarter of 2025, the company achieved operating income of $60,335 million, down 7.70 per cent from the same period; the net profit attributable to the parent company ' s shareholders was $4,973 million, an increase of 8.19 per cent from the same period. In the first quarter of 2025, the coal power plant stock fell in full price, the coal price fell to provide a countercyclical attribute, and the coal power contributed a major increase in profits.
Liu Xiaoning, influenced by multiple factors such as energy shocks, hydroelectric warming and electricity demand in the eastern coastal provinces, was achieved by the company in the first quarter of 2025.
The average price of electricity settled online at domestic power plants was $488.19/megawatt hours, a decrease of 1.96%. But, benefiting from an accelerated fall in coal prices in the first quarter, the company achieved a total profit of $3.982 billion on coal panels in the first quarter, a steady increase in the volume of electricity connected to the new energy sources and a steady return of electricity.
10,912 million kWh (8.81 per cent increase in the same year) and 4,871 million kWh (51.2 per cent increase in the same year), total profits realized, with the exception of the higher recovery of renewable energy subsidies in 2022, the annual increase in corporate receivables is in billions of yen.
The efficiency of capital spending in the context of price stability and rapid decline in photovoltaic profitability is of particular concern. Since November 2024, our coal prices have fallen in excess of expectations, and the price of 5,500 calories of powered coal on the island of Qin has fallen by $650 per tonne since May of this year. In the context of increasing power marketization, the value of coal investment depends more on the timing and demand patterns of both coal and electricity markets.
The spatial differences are concentrated in the annual signing of the Association, where coal prices go on the market to a greater extent; and in the fact that electricity prices are more influenced by regional patterns, while coal prices are influenced by national supply and demand. In the case of HCI, given the relatively high (and more marketed) share of the company's fleet along the eastern coast, we believe that there is an inherent perception that many of the “coal reverse cycle attributes” are different.
On the other hand, as a result of current supply-demand patterns, electricity-price mechanisms, and the propensity of photovoltaics themselves, there is a rapid decline in the profitability of the additional fleet, and investment efficiency is at the core of the interests of small shareholders in the context of sustained high capital spending.
\triangleright gives me a personal view of the subject matter securities and issuers. I do so with diligence, professional due diligence, the use of information on legal compliance, and the production of this report independently and objectively.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.