Winch shares (300498) Farming and livestock farming shares (300498): Low-valued flagships, which sustain high scores
Events: The company recently released its 2016 financial report, which achieved business income of 59,355 million yuan,1 and the rise in the price of pig production, which was the core driver of profitable growth in 2016. In 2016, it benefited from a growing industry and its own heavy-weight meat sales strategy.
When and when the raw materials market is depressed, the company has achieved an increase in the price of pig production. In the year, the number of pig productions amounted to 17,227,300, an increase of 11.57 per cent over the year. We estimate that the average weight of a single commodity pig is 119.45 kg, an increase of 3.27 kg over the previous year.
The total market value/flow (million yuan) per kilogram was 4.2 per cent lower than the previous year, and the production of pig farming contributed to a significant increase in overall profitability. Māori accounted for 113 per cent of the increase.
In 2016, the company completed the design capacity of the pig farm at 3.8 million, planned to complete the new pig-raising project at 6 million in 2017, and is expected to complete at 4.5 million. The expansion of capacity will support growth.
In 17/18, we expect the company to grow a pig,2 and the processing of chicken slaughter to stabilize the profits of the chicken business over the long term. The department is the leader of the country’s yellow and feather chicken industry, with its highest size in many years.
The number of chickens is 819 million, an increase of 10.08% over the same period; the contribution of the chicken industry is 2,046 million yuan, a decrease of 459 million yuan compared to the previous year. The level of profit from the chicken industry has declined, mainly as a result of a sharp fall in chicken prices due to oversupply in the industry in the last four quarters.
During the reporting period, the company's production of chicken slaughtering and processing operations proved to be effective, with an overall increase of 19.75 per cent in raw chicken sales; a 12.87 per cent increase in total chicken production in the Hong Kong and Australian markets; and a 45.05 per cent increase in cooked food. We believe that the development of slaughter processing will help to reduce the pheasant turnover.
In the short term, however, the elasticity of the chicken business is still well under way, owing to the low proportion of the slaughtering process, the elasticity of the meat business is still well under way, the “farming-slaughtering-storage-logistics distribution-locking” Winch stock (300498): low-valued lead business, which supports the high score.
In October 2015, the company began to explore the business chain of raw foods, using the model of “company + shopkeeper”, which is responsible for producing fresh and fresh products, owner-operability and self-sufficiency, companies and shops.
At the end of 2016, there were 75 signed shops, 56 were opened, mainly in Shenzhen, and there are now well-run stores, with profits ranging from tens of thousands to 300,000.
The long-term development target for 2016 for the company’s subsidiary, the Guangdong Wendow Food Marketing Company Ltd., is 3,000. The development of this business is a positive practice in the company’s business model of livestock farming, slaughtering, slaughtering, central warehousing, logistics distribution, and chain-to-door operations.
Breaking through the Winch whole-sector chain, we're looking at the business development prospects. It is expected that, with the development of fresh business and the full opening of the shop, the value of the company's brand will be significantly enhanced, and the profit growth points inherent in the chain of operations will gradually be tapped.
The value potential inherent in the size growth space and whole-chain business model of the company ' s pig-breeding business is now at a historically low level, with high net asset yields and high dividends reflecting the value of long-term investments, and is therefore rated as “enhanced”.
Winch shares (300498): Low-valued lead business, which supports high scores.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report