Winch shares (300498): benefits from high-growth production, expansion of capacity continues to advance Agroforestry and Livestock Fisheries Incident: Winch shares published their annual report for 2016, generating business income of $59,355 million
Key financial indicators (in billions of yuan) increase by 2 shares. The company also published a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2017, which achieved a net profit of 1.4 to 16 billion yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies, a decline in the same year.
• High prices of pigs for year-round performance: the prices of raw pigs continued to rise from the second half of 2015, with a breakthrough of $21 per kilogram in June 2016 and, although the prices of pigs recovered in the second half of 2016, they were still operating in high areas, allowing companies to protect their meat and pork operations
In 2016, the company sold a total of 17.12 million meat pigs, reduced the cost of income and fodder, and significantly increased the level of Māori: continuing to benefit from maize prices Company fundamentals (update)
38.05 per cent, an increase of 15.82 percentage points over the same period in the previous year, while the Division is improving its bargaining capacity by strengthening management tools such as regional integration and centralized procurement, and will smooth short-term price waves through a combination of strategic and balanced procurement in the future
The Māori rate is expected to continue at a high level by reducing the price of raw materials, with an integrated pig-raising company with an additional farm-scale capacity of over 2.2 million and an additional contract-scale capacity of over 9 million in the north-east and south-west regions, and future pig-raising regulations.
The model will continue to grow, and the additional production capacity is expected to generate $18 billion in sales revenue. .. 17q1 chicken business losses have delayed performance, and pig production continues to grow: in the first quarter of 2017, most of the country was affected by human-infected H7n9 events, and live poultry canals.
As the epidemic is phased out, the prices of the chickens are on the rise, and future profits are expected to improve. Moreover, the company produces pigs in the first quarter of the year.
With an increase of 4.04%, a tightening of environmental-based policies, and a slow process to replenish the hogs, prices for future pig production are still expected to remain relatively high. In the context of the company’s current industrial chain expansion and the continued release of pig production, future company performance is expected to continue to benefit.
The leading position in the industry at present, and the prospects for its future development, is maintained by “A review of Man Yong: University of Hel, UK, Master of Business Administration, Major Research and Tracking Area: Large Consumption Report, which is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The company will not be treated as a customer by recipients of this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information and views expressed in the report do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining this report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to anyone.
An independent assessment shall be made, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial position and specific needs, and consult with professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc.