On 30 September, the company issued an announcement stating that its subsidiaries had been informed by the relevant authorities that duty-free goods were sold off the island, as defined by the authorities.
The sale business conforms to the relevant provisions of the Industrial Structural Adjustment Directory (2019 book) and is an incentive industry. The above matters are without prejudice to the company ' s annual report for 2020, which has been disclosed.
China-China exempts the company from tax exemptions of 15%. China-China exempts Sanya City Shops Ltd., Hainan Province Free Goods Ltd., Haiyo Melan Airport Free Shop Ltd., Chuanhai Sea Free Goods Ltd., Sea Free Shops Ltd., and China-Free Phoenix Airport Free Goods Ltd., six Hainan Island-exempt subsidiaries, will receive 15% of the revenues from businesses.
The six companies cover six off-island duty-free shops that the company currently operates in Hainan, increasing net profits from the company’s off-island duty-free operations. According to the company announcement, this preferential rate will be implemented as of 1 January 2020 and will not affect the firm’s disclosure of a strong duty-free 2020 off-island operation.
Flights show a rapid recovery in the heat of tourism in Hainan. The August epidemic affected Sanya Airport more than the number of flights in and out of the port, or resulted in the company’s sub-season performance, but the implementation of this preferential tax rate is expected to dilute the impact of the partial spread. As of 29 September, the number of flights in and out of Sanya airport has largely returned to pre-epidemiological levels, but there is still room for rehabilitation over the same period in 2020, as the country moves in.
By 2022, according to the company’s Port Stock Exchange Note, the company’s ongoing project will be operational. The retail area of the project will be 150,000 square metres, and it will become the largest brigade in Hainan.
The Travel Retail Complex, together with the Sanya Sea Bay International Free City project, builds the company’s tax-exempt core layout and consolidates the company’s leading duty-free position on Hainan Island and is expected to enjoy the preferential tax rate. The Sanya International Free City project has surpassed other major tourist attractions during its main holiday period in 2020.
Investment advice: maintenance of recommended ratings. In the short term, the spread of the disease in the country is largely controlled, vaccination coverage has reached a high level, and tourism is well developed, and the “market index” reference point for this rating system is 300 indexes of depth.
This report is presented independently and objectively and to the extent that you know it. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.