China's middle-income tax (601888), which is still in the middle of the season, and the number of people who go to Hong Kong as well as the number of people who go to Hong Kong are always strong: China's middle-income rate was 35.501 billion yuan in the first half of 2021.
China is now the leader of duty-free retailing in China, with its activities dominated by the sale of duty-free goods, mainly tobacco and alcohol, and perfume, affected by the onset of the off season and the spread of the disease, with a slight drop in the q2 income ring, but the dividends of the New Deal for the off-island tax-free continue.
As of June 30, 21, the Customs Service had tested duty-free purchases of 46.8 billion yuan and 6.072 million items.
Six hundred and twenty-eight thousand shopping passengers, with an increase of 226 per cent, 211 per cent and 102 per cent in the same year, continued sales, flashes and policy dividends are being released. It was calculated that 13.2 billion yuan was tax-free in 21 years for the entire island, with a slight decline in the ring q11.36 billion, mainly due to the heat of q2 and the Hainan Brigade.
In the absence of a return to the outlying season, which affected some parts of the region, the tax-free New Deal stimulus continued to be released as an important window for attracting a return in consumption, with an increase of 48.8 per cent and a slight decline of 4.2 per cent, compared to the same increase in the exit from the island, which has not yet been restored, the Province of Hainan has set a 60 billion tax-free sales mark for this year.
The potential for duty-free consumption off the island is expected to continue to be unleashed in a context of moderate competition, policy catalysts, and well-equipped facilities, with companies acting as absolute leaders, developing in a climate of continued industry heights. Firms are actively promoting a multi-channel approach, and listing in Hong Kong will further enhance market competitiveness, strong people.
In 20 years, the market share of the global retail tourism industry has risen to 22.6%, rising to the top of the world’s largest retail tourism operator. Companies are now actively promoting full-scale multi-positioning in long-term farming duty-free markets, and market competitiveness is expected to increase. Companies are planning to invest $311 million in China Free of Hainan International.
Construction of a logistics centre project (phase II): plans to promote duty-free tourism in priority cities in the country Retail complex project: the tax-free business complex of the International Free City project of the company Haiguchi has entered the stage of installation of the curtain wall. At the same time, the company plans to go to Hong Kong for financing, mainly for domestic and overseas purposes.
Channels are expanded, supply chains are improved, information systems are optimized, and membership systems are optimized.
In the future, the tax-exempt map will be further expanded to consolidate the vanguard. Profit forecasts: companies will have a leading advantage in the duty-free market and will fully enjoy the industrial growth dividend, and research assistant Wei Woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of energy in China (601888).
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China has entered the light season but has not lost its strength, and that it is always strong enough to go to Hong Kong.
Experience in consumption and strategy studies in the Hong Kong Unit, currently in the social services sector, with emphasis on education and training, human resources services, catering hotels, travel, study assistant profiles Wei Woo-meng
Study directions such as makeup, education, training, etc.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.