The performance of Tsao Tshote's 2021h1 is basically what we expected.
The impact of customs efforts to combat the effects of sub-purchases, discount sales and changes in the income structure has resulted in a slowdown in corporate net profits of 21q2 and a decline in net profits of the same magnitude: we expect the company's 2021q2 exit duty-free sales (tax-free + tax-free) at $13.332 billion.
About 12%; the other sales are in the range of $1.04 billion, which is expected to be partially lost below the airport line. We expect the public department's 2021h1 exit duty-free sales (tax-free + tax-free) at $26.5 to $27 billion, and direct mail sales on a daily basis at $6.265 billion and other sales at $2.2.8 billion.
As a result of the continued release of the off-island tax-free dividend, the off-island duty-free sales ring ratio for the south of the 21q2 Sea, although smooth (the ring ratio - 2 per cent), is excellent compared to previous years (the decline in the q2 ring ratio over the past few years was more than 40 per cent, not inclusive of 20 q2, which was seriously compromised by the effects of the epidemic), and 21 q2 was excellent in the off-season season:
On that day, customs supervised duty-free purchases off the island amounting to 46.8 billion yuan per year or 226 per cent per year, 6,072 million items per year or 21.1 per cent, and 6.82 million shopping passengers per year or 102 per cent. 21h1 free sales amounting to 26.81 billion yuan from the island. q2 and q3 are the same season of the Hainan tradition, taking into account that q2 and q3 are of the same nature.
q2 is affected repeatedly by the epidemic, while the current state of control of the epidemic is improving and vaccinations are gradually being administered, while summer holidays are approaching the season, and we expect that the q3 Sean Island will be sold tax free better than q2.
2. China ' s China Free Company Review: q1 performance in 2021. Overall performance in the second half of the year was better than in the first half. China Province ' s 60 billion (tax-free + tax-free) sales this year were largely in line with expected tax-exempt maintenance.
3. In-depth study of Chinese companies exempt: the tax concession policy for tax-free gold races in Hainan (15% of corporate income tax) has not yet been implemented, and the company’s performance is still based on 25% of the company’s rent negotiations with the capital airport (including the big boom).
Rents have been implemented on a new basis, i.e., on the basis of the base rent of the previous (2020) international passenger flow, and the specific amount of rent still needs to be followed up. Rents in 2020 are still under negotiation, not excluding the possibility of a follow-up recovery that would increase performance in 2021.
The company’s two construction projects in Hainan, once completed, will effectively expand the company’s exit from the island free of taxes. As sales space increases and accompanying shopping facilities improve, it is expected that more luxury brands will be introduced, while it will be operational in the second half of the year (about 150,000 square metres of sales) and its expansion projects (shopping facilities and shopping facilities).
The construction of the hotel (about 96,000 square metres) is expected to commence in December 2021, and the completion date is expected to be 2026.
The company has submitted to the Hong Kong authorities an application for listing of the shares of the port, and the funds obtained from the financing will be used mainly to: 1) expand the offshore channels: open offshore duty-free shops, Asian airport duty-free shops, seek to buy off local duty-free carriers abroad, etc. 2) consolidate domestic channels: renewal of major airport duty-free shops, expansion of off-island duty-free shops and the city-wide.
Tax-free shops, investments in tax-based retail tourism projects, etc.) Expand and develop tourism retail complexes: avoid taxes from being central to co-development of other operations such as tax retailing, catering, recreation, leisure and hotels. 4) Improve supply chain efficiency: develop the former Shenzhen Sea Logistics Centre, Seaport Logistics Centre, upgrade existing supply chains, etc.
These include, inter alia, the intelligent transformation of logistics centres and the recruitment and training of personnel. 5) Consolidation of upstream procurement systems: more best-selling with suppliers, strategic cooperation with more suppliers, direct collaboration with upstream brands or investment mergers and acquisitions to strengthen voice rights in the free industry supply chain. 6) upgrading of information technology systems:
Integration of online and offline business platforms, development of smart commodity procurement and management systems, and improvement of integrated membership management systems, etc.) Market promotion and improvement of membership systems. Investment proposal: The target of 60 billion dollars in duty-free sales is expected to be achieved this year, and companies are exempt from taxes off the island.
The company will continue to expand its position of size, enhance its bargaining and negotiating capacity with the upstream sector, strengthen its supply chain capacity, and increase its global impact. 1) Hainan will continue to implement 25% of its corporate income tax in 21 years, starting with 15% in 22nd year; 2) Capital City will continue to do so in 21 years.
The rent on the premises is adjusted to a certain flow rate, regardless of whether the rent on the capital airport was recovered in 2020, and the company is expected to double, maintaining the company’s “buy-in” rating. The share has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a sale price or a bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek investment for them.