The profits of the first half of the year are on track to enhance competitiveness in the medium and long term.
In addition, the company’s entry to Hong Kong was accepted and is expected to strengthen the medium- and long-term competition, which is expected to be reinforced by a recurrent out-of-country epidemic, and the short-term off-island tax-exempt section will continue to be the main support for performance.
Measured income of 17.37 billion, 53 per cent higher, net profit of 2.59 billion more, compared to the same year, total tax-free sales off the island in the first half of the year amounted to 26.820 billion, compared to 258 per cent, sales of 20 to 193 per cent more, compared to 193 per cent more in the ring.
In China and China, the off-island duty-free market is expected to continue to expand and have full potential in the future, spurred by a return to the New Deal and consumption.
The company’s ipo shares are accepted for distribution, and the number of shares in the product portfolio is not higher than 8% of the company’s total stock after the issuance (before the excess distribution rights are exercised) and is awarded an international undertaking.
Merchant trade dealers do not exceed 15% of the above-mentioned distribution of h share shares over sales options.
In terms of upgrading supply chain efficiency, upgrading information technology, market promotion and replenishment of liquidity, institutional investors account for the share of liquiditya, strengthening the combined medium- and long-term strength of the post-embargo market and stabilizing the world ' s top retailers.
Researchdept. Expatriate travel is blocked by the New Deal dividend, and duty-free off-island maintenance is high, and according to the Customs Customs Department, duty-free merchandise sales from off-island have been on par since the tax policy adjustment of 1 July last year.
This represents an increase of 226%, or 46.8 billion yuan. On this basis, the sales volume of 2q was 13.25 billion, a slight decline of 2.4% in the ring, and the price of the guest bill was 6144 yuan per person, a 19% decline in the ring, mainly as a result of a reduction in passenger traffic and a greater discount in the tax-free shop in the south of the 2q.
During this period, the amount of purchases amounted to 993 million, the number of purchases amounted to 121,000, and the unit price rose to $8207 per person.
The company is expected to maintain its leading edge by increasing its operating space, opening up supply chain relationships, and enriching its brand matrix. Even though the future may improve with the epidemic, Hainan or face the possibility of a diversion from the outside world, it is off the island.
The trend towards the expansion of the duty-free market is expected to be maintained, with the size of the duty-free market in China and the island being estimated to be 100 billion yuan in 2025, the largest market block.
Data source: Frost Sullivan, the stock market, the medium- and long-term competitiveness, the sword's grip on the world's number one, the impact of the epidemic, the impact of the global tax-free market, the pressure of the world's leading operators, the company's departure from the island.
The tax-exempt section showed excellent performance, with 22.6 per cent of the market share in the world’s top retail tourism retailer, with absolute leadership on the domestic market and 92 per cent of the city’s share. As of 2020, companies operated 126 duty-free ports, 5 duty-free off-islands, 9 intra-market duty-free shops and 54 other shops (2 cruise duty-free, 2 aircraft).
To go to tax-free shops, 41 foreign wheel shops and 9 tax-owned shops; to operate 946 brands, covering a wide range of perfumes, fashion singles and accessories, tobacco and alcohol, and other brand names, with branding resources well ahead of other tax-free operators in the country.
8% (pre-exercise) and international underwriters up to 15% of the above-mentioned shares.
In view of the post-epidemic market, we believe that the company's future competitive position is stable in the context of the general trend towards a return to consumption. From the point of view of fund-raising, the collection of funds will be used mainly to expand offshore pipelines, consolidate domestic pipelines, extend industrial chains, upgrade supply chain efficiency, upgrade information technology, market promotion and replenish liquidity.
With regard to the expansion of offshore pipelines, the company will seek to expand the network of duty-free shops in Hong Kong and Australia, to expand access to the country’s portal hubs, to pre-position cruise duty-free stores and to find the right place.
Strengthening domestic pipelines, mainly for the development of new duty-free shops at new ports and for the renovation, procurement and transport of stock stores, for the investment of duty-free retail projects at transport hubs, off-island and intra-municipal duty-free shops, and for the acquisition of suitable tourism operators in the country to expand the distribution network;
The extension of the industrial chain, i.e. the expansion and development of the tourism retail complex and the integration of shopping experiences into the business model of catering, recreation, leisure and hotel co-development (cf. Sanya International Free City II), with specific funds to be invested in the construction of the Seagate International Free City and the San Asia International Free City;
With regard to improving the efficiency of the supply chain, the proceeds will be used to develop the former Shenzhen Sea Logistics Centre and Seaport Logistics Centre, in addition to supporting Hong Kong and Hainan business development, and to upgrade existing supply chains and optimize and consolidate upstream procurement systems to enhance bargaining capacity in the supply chain;
The upgrading of information technology systems, i.e., integration of online and offline business platforms, improvement of membership management and procurement systems, market promotion and improvement of membership systems, i.e. enhancement of advertising and branding, improvement of membership systems, introduction of new members and promotion of members ' rights, etc., are to be used to supplement liquidity and other purposes.
In the short term, listing in Hong Kong does not play a significant role in the company's performance, but increasing financial power will help to strengthen the foundations, post-disease markets, and improve future multi-channel competitiveness at ports, within cities, off-islands, etc.
I'm sorry, chinaresearchdept.