Events: China has achieved 35.526 billion yuan in operating income in the first half of 2021, and China is currently a leader in duty-free retail sales.
The increase in duty-free access to the island, which is affected both by the mild season and by the epidemic, has slowed, but remains the company ' s largest source of revenue, mainly in the sale of duty-free goods, mainly in the wholesale and retail trade of duty-free goods such as tobacco and alcohol, perfume, etc.
Two hundred and sixty-seven.7 billion yuan, or +257.2 per cent of the same, and the policy dividend continues to be released. Of this amount, q2 free shopping amounts to $119.7 million, with a slight decline in the ring relative to q11.36 billion, mainly due to the heat of q2 weather, Hainan travel has entered the rest of the season and is affected by the spread of the disease in some parts of the country.
The effect of increasing the share of tax participants in part of the market is that the company is growing slightly less rapidly than the overall off-island tax exemption, but in terms of market share, the company is still in a position of absolute dominance. As an attraction to consumption, total equity/flowa shares (million shares)
The important window for the flow, Hainan Province, has set a 60 billion sales mark for this year's off-island tax, and we believe that the potential for off-island duty-free consumption is likely to continue to grow against the background of moderate competition, policy catalyst and improved facilities in the circulation b/h (millions) unit.
In the context of increased competition in the industry, the company actively promotes a multi-channel layout that sustains a strong leadership position. On the side of the pipeline, the company’s two newly won ports in the first half of the year enjoy tax-free operating rights.
Continue to expand the border crossings to pave the way for post-infection customs clearance; establish strategic partnerships with priority cities to prepare for future intra-city shop policies; and continue to promote the construction of the Seagate and Sanya Free City 2 sites to enhance competitiveness in the off-island duty-free market.
(b) The Hainan International Logistics Centre project was officially launched and was proposed to invest $311 million in the second phase of construction to consolidate supply chain and business management advantages; at the same time, the company was to go to Hong Kong to finance the expansion and improvement of domestic and overseas channels.
Supply chains, optimization of information systems, membership systems, etc. Companies actively promote multi-faceted layouts that consolidate their multi-faceted leadership in such areas as card-and-card cooperation, supplier resources, business management and marketing.
Profit forecasts: In the context of internal and external double circulation and consumption reflux, duty-free discharges from the island continue and the outbreak improves; s148020050002 Airport tax-exempt channels are expected to be restored gradually, with companies laying and operating through brand partnerships, channels and channels
Research assistant: Wei Woo-meng and financial support to strengthen the leadership position and fully enjoy the dividends of growth in the industry, and the financial and intellectual growth of the East.
China (601888): Entering the light season but not losing its vitality, multiple layouts consolidating its leadership, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity.
East Hing Securities Corporation report (601888): Entering the light season but not losing its vitality, multiple layouts consolidating the leader position, research assistant profile
Wei Woo-mi, who is mainly responsible for research on cosmetics, tax exemptions, electricity, traditional retailing, jewellery, etc.
The research is directed at hotels, restaurants, educatives, local life, medical beauty, etc.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.