In China, the first half of the year (601888), the semi-annual assessment report for 2021 increased by 83.98 per cent over the same period last year; the net return profit of $5.359 billion was realized, up from the same period last year, and the company’s performance in the first half of the year was largely as expected.
The Māori rate for battalion operations was 37.75%, down 4.85 percentage points from the previous year, and increased duty-free competition from the island resulted in lower prices for companies, but there was still room to increase their bargaining power upstream as size grew. Marketing promoted brand partnerships.
At the same time, seven major customs control logistics centres have been set up in Dalian, Qingdao, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Sanya, Hong Kong and Beijing, with a strong supply chain.
Roe (ttm) has a series of flash shops and fine shops to raise the image of the brand.
The tax exemption from the island has increased significantly, and Hainan’s business has become more important. In the first half of the year, 35.371 billion yuan was collected by the company’s company’s company’s no-go division and $5,291 million was realized in the net return to the mother, including $18,530 million in the tax-free shop in Sanya city, an increase of 21.01 per cent, and 25.58 per cent in the net return to the mother.
In the first half of 2021, the company invested $3.69 billion and $12.86 billion in construction, respectively.
3A International Free City Project Phase 2 and Seagate International Free City Project, and an agreement with the China-Japan Inter-Technology Company Ltd., which is expected to be fully integrated, free-of-line and off-island purchases and tax retailing operations aimed at creating a complete duty-free retail ecology from a single duty-free retail product.
The transition to a diversified tourism retail complex, with the early deployment of the Hainan Free Trade Port, is expected to bring about a complete transformation of tourism retailers after the closure of the island of Hainan, which will be duty-free, and maintain a prominent position on the basis of pre-emptive advantage. The investment proposal is that China’s share of business will continue to rise, with the spread of the disease in the country largely under control.
As the season approaches, the company is expected to benefit further from the return of consumption and the Hong Kong-Hannan rating system's “market index” reference of 300 indexes. I am qualified or well-qualified in portfolio investment advice by the Chinese Securities Association, with a diligent professional attitude and independent and objective presence.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.