On August 28, 2021, the airport's rent deductions began to work in an orderly construction of the international tax-free city in the south of China.
This year's target for duty-free sales was $60 billion, and 21h1 was 43% complete. During this period, companies achieved a significant increase in revenue, total profits, and net returns to mothers, as compared to the previous year, mainly due to internal epidemics.
The effect of the New Deal, which is free from the island, continues to be highlighted. Tax-free stores in Sanya have been recognized. Market data: The Māori rate has fallen as a result of a series of discounts on corporate commodity sales during the period under review, August 27, 2021.
The utilization rate of 9.28 per cent (21.88 pct) is due to a significant reduction in the rent due to the airport; the administrative cost rate of 2.47 per cent (-0.88 pct) is due to an increase in staff remuneration costs compared to the period of the epidemic; and the financial cost rate of 0.04 per cent (+0.04 pct) is due to the implementation of the new lease guidelines and the amortization of interest on the lease liability.
Basic data: 30 June 2021 Investment proposal: q2 Hainan is off the island duty-free, and the company continues to promote Sanya Seagate International, a tax-free city.
The company is preparing for the Hong Kong stock listing, a+h layout is a blood transfusion for the next tax-free version of the heavy asset expansion, further magnifying the advantage of the domestic duty-free market, pre-empting the loss of the share that might result from the entry of more new competitors in the future and the liberalization of the exit tour. We expect.
Consumer demand is lower than expected; exchange rate fluctuations are less risky; and policy pushers are less than expected.
A+h highlights international resolve (2021-4-22).
1. The company reported its performance in mid-2021. The company issued a mid-term financial report, which generated $35,526 million (+83.98 per cent) over the period, an increase of 45.93 per cent over the same period in 2019; net profit return to the mother
Quarterly heat in Hainan is a low-season tourist season and the impact of the epidemic in the wider depths. 1.1 Free-of-the-island operations. Seanan Province has achieved 60 billion tax-free sales by 2021, and 21h1 is 43% complete.
In the same period, there was a significant increase in the domestic epidemic, which was largely effectively controlled during the same period, and the effect of a new deal of tax exemption from the island continued to be highlighted. In Sanya, tax-free shops generated $18.53 billion (+21.01 per cent) and 52.16 per cent of the company’s total business; net profit from the return to the mother was $2,558 million (+330.22 per cent), and companies continued to deploy tax-reducing channels.
The Hong Kong and Australian airports, the Hong Kong market, and the Cambodian cities have continued to make profits. The Haiguchi International Tax Free City project has been promoted in an orderly manner; the Sanya International Free City Project No. 2 has been partially designed for commercial and hotel construction; and the Haiguchi International Logistics Project has been officially launched.
(-0.88 pct) Little change over the period of the epidemic is due to increased staff remuneration costs; the financial cost rate of 0.04 per cent (+0.04 pct) is due to the implementation of the new lease guidelines and interest amortization of the lease liability. The change in net cash flow resulting from investment activities is due to the prior payment of the purchase of the Hare and Hae-Bre. The construction of the construction workers ' distance of 1.58 billion yuan (+2.94 per cent) is due to the construction of the international tax-free city project in Haiguchi.
q2 Hainan Island, where duty-free sales are slow and companies continue to push for Sanya Seagate International. The multi-spill spread of the summer has affected the flow of people into the island, and is not expected to have a significant impact on sales throughout the year. The company is making preparations for the Hong Kong joint postings, a+h layout is expanding the bloodstream of the heavy assets for the next tax-free map, further increasing its advantage in the domestic duty-free market and precipitating the entry and exit of more new competitors in the future.
Ports’ listed companies will have access to more offshore investors, which will help them to pre-position overseas markets, compensate for a small number of offshore shops, and dock global resources. We expect companies to be exposed to macroeconomic fluctuations in 2021-2023, respectively; residents’ consumption needs fall short of expectations; tax-exempt policies drive change risks; exchange-rate risks; and overseas epidemics exceed expectations.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.