21H1 continues to have a high growth of multiple leaders - China's mid-year review of Leisure Services/Tourism in China (60188.sh) 2021
Direct mail, cdf member purchases, Hainan member purchases, etc... Quarterly: Quarterly corporate collections and homecoming net profits are slowing at the same rate, ring ratios are declining, mainly due to low-season factors, low-season sales, compounding the effects of the June pandemic, customs strikes on sub-purchases, etc.
Both the same rate and the ring ratio are declining, mainly due to sales sales discounts. q1/q4 is the China-South tradition season and q2/q3 is the China-South tradition season. According to the Customs of the Sea mouth, the q2 and q3 seas were sold duty-free for hundreds of millions of yuan between 18 and 19 years.
1 " China ' s Sino-Congress Review: 21h1 Performance Matches " , by Sub-channel, 2021h1: Expected achievement of the year-round goal of exemption from the island.
On the island side, the company ' s Tria Sea Bay store collected $18.53 billion (+210 per cent, ring + 21 per cent), a net gain of $2.56 billion (+330 per cent, ring + 8 per cent) from the mother, and a net interest rate of 13.8 per cent (13.8 per cent) from the same year ' s trip to the world ' s tax-exempt first island.
77100 million (year + 154 per cent, ring + 12 per cent) net return to the mother 510 million yuan (year + 253 per cent, ring 3), " China ' s Quantified q1 performance in 2021, largely in line with expected duty-free high-situation performance from the island "
Shanghai, Japan, received $5.76 billion (16%, ring 16%), and the net return to the mother was $540 million (compared to 21h1, the net return to the island channel, which was affected by the low season of q2 sea-south tourism and sporadic outbreaks in various parts of the country, but the overall rate of increase is still high. Shanghai, Japan, has a net return to the mother.
This decline is due mainly to a slowdown in business growth on the 21h1 line. But 21h1 integrates the system of up-to-date mail with repurchases on the Hainan line, and will continue to integrate online channels through the China-Japan Internet Technology Corporation, which was established in April.
21h1 duty-free sales amounting to $26.770 billion, q2 and q3 are the same Hae-nan seasons that are also affected by recurrent outbreaks, and it is expected that the q4 Hai-nan sales ring ratio will rise significantly, and that the Hainan province's 60 billion (tax-free plus tax) sales target will be met throughout the year.
21H1 is implemented through supplementary rental agreements with Shanghai and Capital Airports, with 21h1 running 11.8 per cent (a 22.7 pcts decrease in the same year), mainly due to a decrease in sales costs (two projects in Hainan by Hainan, which, when completed, will effectively expand the company's exit from the island free of taxes (Haguchi).
International tax-free cities are expected to start operating in June 2022, and Sanya International tax-free city No. 2 is expected to start operating in 2023. As sales increase and accompanying shopping facilities improve, it is expected that more luxury brands will be introduced, while the fine sku will continue to be enriched.
The company will continue to expand its position of size once it is on the market, enhance its bargaining and negotiating capacity with upstream players, strengthen supply chain capacity, optimize information management systems, and increase its global impact. The Hainan tax concession policy (15% corporate income tax) has not yet been implemented, and the company’s performance remains at 25%.
Investment strategy: It is expected that the level of duty-free sales from the 21q4 Hainan Islands will increase considerably and the landscape will continue until the first quarter of next year. The company’s new project in Hainan started in 2022 and will provide a follow-up performance point. The company’s online channels will continue to be consolidated, and the following online operations will be active.
It will continue to build on the advantages of scale, enhance bargaining and negotiating capacity with upstream, enhance supply chain capacity, and increase global impact. 1) If Hainan still enforces 25% of corporate income tax in 21 years, 22 starts with annual rent recovery from the capital airport; 3) no further consideration is being given to entering Hong Kong.
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in the present report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.