African mobile phone leadership brand, continuously widening the map and boundaries, 30/04/04/04.
Mobile phones are the company’s basics, with more than 90% revenue, with more than 80% of smart money. With Africa at its core, the company has gradually expanded its operations to global emerging markets such as South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East, South America, and so on. With Africa’s billions, the city is ranked fourth in the world, and smart market is ranked seventh in the world, first in Africa, first in Pakistan, third in the world.
Bangladesh first, India sixth. Matching the individualization needs of indigenous users in Africa, companies target the development of such core technologies as deep-skinned skin photography, night-time photo capture, face recognition unlocking, waterproof sweating, etc., to build core competitiveness by creating consumer-sanctioned mobile phone products.
Marketing channels and after-sales service networks, as well as medium- and long-term development opportunities through multi-brand operations that cover different consumer groups, horizontal business extension, companies are building deep moats in offshore emerging markets dominated by under-line sales. • High population acceleration and smart machines continue to penetrate, with high potential for mobile phone growth in emerging market countries
In Africa, for example, the 4g network coverage in sub-Saharan Africa, the Middle East, and North Africa was only 9% and 29% coverage in 2019, and the intelligence penetration rate was less than 60%, leaving much room for improvement.
Previously, global emerging markets such as Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East, and South America had a population base of more than 3 billion, with higher rates of population growth, and Africa’s population growth twice as fast as the world’s average population growth rate. In the context of a young population structure, a 4g network of coverage, and sustained growth in consumption, the intelligence penetration rate in emerging market countries will continue.
In Africa, India, and Bangladesh, smartphone markets are expected to reach $13.5 billion in 2025, with high brand recognition, a strategy of upgrading product power to create a best-selling package that will lead to full series of product sales, and higher brand competitiveness in emerging markets outside Africa.
With more than 40% in Africa, more than 40% in Pakistan, 18.3% in Bangladesh and 5.1% in India, companies are expected to benefit fully from the growth opportunities offered by the natural growth of populations and the continued penetration of smart machines in emerging markets abroad.
At the heart of its mobile business is the horizontal expansion of 3c accessories and home appliances, creating 3c accessories brands oramio and home electric brands syinix, while opening up a multi-brand, multi-model development path to full coverage of low-end markets in high schools. Currently, the company ' s 3c accessories and home appliances are mainly located in the African region, with companies relying on strong brands in the African region.
An influential and extensive network of after-sales services provides high-quality brand security and after-sales services to consumers. The iot market in Africa is still in its infancy, with wide market space; household power penetration is low, television has the highest penetration, with a penetration rate of about 40-50%, making it the company's current largest consumer.
The cost of power from construction to power generation is falling, and Africa’s 3c parts and household appliances are expected to grow rapidly. • Mobile interconnections create value added and open the space for companies to grow over the long term.
By the end of 2020, the company's music flow media platform had developed 8 applications with more than 10 million mau. By the end of 2020, the company's music flow media platform had been developed.
Boomplay has 130 million active users worldwide, working with three major global record companies (global music, Warner music and Sony music) on copyrights, and with over 50 million studios, has become the most popular music-flowing media software in the African region, with the highest rate of weekly activity for music in the African region.
The company is the leading brand of the African mobile market, benefiting from the continuous increase in the penetration of smart machines in emerging market countries, such as Africa, combined with horizontal expansion of 3c e-& home and mobile interconnections, medium- and long-term development opportunities in the layout, which are expected to result in a sustained increase in performance 41 times the average value of the company in 2021, taking into account the company's leading position in the African mobile market, and being the only share.
We think that companies underestimate, cover for the first time, and give a “recommended” rating. Emerging markets abroad are not expanding well, mobile markets are competitive, and new crowns are at risk.
One hundred and ten fine farmers, based in emerging markets abroad, have a cellular business as a basis and a dozen more in emerging markets abroad. The company is mainly engaged in the design, development, production, marketing and branding of the smart endpoints centred on mobile phones, with three major mobile phone brands: Tecno, infinix and itel.
The company's predecessor is Tecno Telecom, which was established in Hong Kong in 2006, has a limited amount of co-financing for sound investments and tele-investments in Shenzhen in 2013, and the company as a whole has been transformed into a sound-control unit in 2017. In 2008, the company began to march into the African mobile phone market, defining its strategy of “focusing on Africa, branding.”
In the second half of 2016, the Indian market entered the world’s emerging markets, including Bangladesh, Pakistan, and the Middle East. In 2019, companies reached 52.5% of Africa’s mobile market and 36.9% of smart machines were called “the king of Africa” in the industry. In 2020, the company’s cellular output reached 174 million, the fourth largest in the world.
Capability markets rank seventh in the world, first in Africa, first in Pakistan, first in Bangladesh, and sixth in India. In concrete terms, corporate smart markets accounted for more than 40 per cent in Africa, more than 40 per cent in Pakistan, 18.3 per cent in Bangladesh, 5.1 per cent in India, and corporate leadership in emerging market countries has expanded further.
Figure 1: The company ' s development history is dominated by mobile phones, with 3c accessories & household power and mobile interconnections still in their initial stages, with smaller receipts. 3c accessories brands oraimo and home brands lynix, while smart terminal operating systems (os) and hands based on autonomous research and development
Mobile Internet services and products for users. Currently, 3c accessories & appliances & other major business such as mobile interconnections receive a relatively small share of 3% of total revenue in 2020 and are still in the early stages of development.
Companies are already in absolute leadership in Africa’s mobile market, with 20q2 being ranked first in Africa in terms of smart machines and functional sales. Since its inception, companies have focused on Africa’s mobile markets, facing Nokia and Samsung, which were earlier dominant in Africa’s markets, and have developed consumer recognition based on Africa’s home-grown innovation and user-oriented product positioning.
Products, supported by excellent supply chain and production management, well-developed distribution channels and after-sales networks, have become an absolute leader in Africa. In 2019, about 118 million shipments, or 52.5 per cent of the city, were made in Africa, ranking first. By branch and function, 20q2 sold about 17.15 million machines and smart machines in Africa.
In terms of market share, 20q3 companies have reached 76.6% of Africa’s functional machines, and 44% of Africa’s smarts, with absolute leadership. After years of grinding and branding, companies have established high brand recognition in Africa.
High-market and large-scale mobile sales in African markets, and firm user base for corporate brand products; on the other hand, working with the Man City Football Club and the British Super Lester City Football Club, companies have been able to expand brand influence and raise the level of recognition of brands.
According to the strong list, the company’s mobile brand, Tecno, has been ranked first in the Chinese brand for years, and the itel in the Chinese brand for years. From 2019 to 2020, only five of China’s brands were selected for the 100% list, with the company’s brands occupying three seats, and tecno, itel and infinix ranked five, twenty-first and twenty-seventh, respectively, and securely ranked among the top Chinese brands in Africa.
Building on successful experiences in African markets, companies began to expand gradually beyond Africa ' s offshore emerging markets after 2016, and each year 11.6 billion yuan grew to 37.8 billion yuan in 2020, with capr reaching 34 per cent, 21q1 achieving income of 11.25 billion yuan, and 21q1 achieving a net return of 80 million yuan, compared to 126 per cent. In 2016, companies implemented equity incentive schemes to generate equity payments.
The cost of $550 million will have a significant impact on the net profit from repatriation. In addition, the company, thanks to its leadership in the African region, has a relatively high capacity for cost-control and product pricing, with a sustained increase in Māori rates and net interest rates from 2016 to 2019, and the current Māori rate 1.2 targeted technological innovations to build product power, and business expansion is coupled with multi-brand operations to deepen the moats.
The core advantage of companies ' deep farming in emerging markets abroad for many years is the strength of products tailored to local niche needs, building strong barriers to competition based on good supply chain and production process management, improved distribution channels and after-sales service networks, and deepening their protection through multi-brand operations covering different consumer groups, medium- and long-term development opportunities in the horizontal expansion of their operations
The global market for mobile phones is highly competitive, with three major brands such as Stars, Hua, Mi, Apple and others occupying a major share of the global market for smartphones, with 73% of the top five brands in the top 20q3. Companies have been working hard since their inception on global emerging markets that are represented by African markets.
Against a backdrop of slow market economic growth and low consumer consumption, companies took advantage of the market rapidly through the introduction of high value-for-money functionality, with 20q3 accounting for more than 35% of the world’s functional market, ranking first globally. With the accumulation of early marketing functions in management and marketing, companies also laid the foundation for competition to switch to smart machines, with companies in 2020 in the global mobile phone market.
Specifically in emerging market countries abroad, corporate smartphones ranked first in Africa, first in Pakistan, first in Bangladesh, and sixth in India in 2020. Technological innovation tailored to local niche needs, creating consumer-sanctioned product power, is the firm’s core competitiveness.
The company, as the first domestic cell phone manufacturer to enter the African market, has a profound insight into and understanding of the consumption needs of African user groups, with many years of technological innovation in response to local niche needs. With regard to the dark skin of the African population, the company has creatively developed black-skinned video technology, night-time photo capture techniques, and dark-face recognition.
Personalized applications, such as unlocking functions; in response to frequent power outages in parts of Africa, early and late temperature differentials, and hand sweating by users, companies targeted low-cost high-pressure, long waiting, waterproof, tremor-proof noise, etc., to enhance user experience. A range of well-developed R & D designs for local consumers have not only succeeded in nurturing consumers.
Using habits, and building brand competitiveness by strengthening brand recognition in consumers. Moreover, companies are investing continuously in R & D to maintain technological innovation, increasing the cost of R & D from $385 million in 2016 to $1,158 million in 2020. Companies have excellent supply chain management capabilities to secure raw materials through in-depth cooperation with second- and third-line manufacturers.
With regard to chips, the company’s main suppliers include mtk (United Nations Development Programme), Chinese electronics, etc.; with regard to screens, mainly Chinese PV, Jiang Xi and PV displays, etc.; with regard to cameras, including, inter alia, Trinity North, Jiang Xinhai optical, etc.; and with regard to batteries, including, inter alia, Guangdong Fenghua, China Sky Trade Battery, etc.
At the same time, companies are actively promoting domestic suppliers of cellular parts and components to build factories, further improving the timeliness and stability of raw materials procurement.
The company uses a production model that combines its own factories, foreign associations, and odm plants, which currently include Shenzhen Tehino in the country, Chongqing sound technology, and overseas in Ethiopia, India and Bangladesh.
At the same time, the company increases the production rate of its own plants, improves its ability to control the quality of its products from 48.39% in 2016 to 57.72% in 2019h1.
The main players in Dubai sell directly to markets such as Africa, South-East Asia, the Middle East, etc., or indirectly to local markets such as India, Esse, and Bangladesh after processing by Hong Kong. 4g network coverage in Africa is low, sales are mostly under-line, and the company has worked closely with 360 distributors to build strong support.
In Africa, there are 54 countries and regions, with diverse geographical location and cultural languages, combined with poor infrastructure, with only 9 per cent coverage of 4g networks in sub-Saharan Africa in 2019, resulting in Africa ' s mobile phone market still dominated by under-line sales. Companies have accumulated over the years in African markets as far as 219h1 and 201.
There are 360 distributors who cooperate. Of these, the number of years of cooperation exceeds three (based on statistics from June 2019), with a corresponding income of 41.88%.
After-sales services brand carlcare supports the company’s product sales, improves consumer use experience, and provides the basis for the sale of large consumer goods, such as household electricity. The company’s mobile phone products are sold overseas, with a major marketing area covering more than 70 countries and territories worldwide, and companies have more than 2,000 after-sales service outlets worldwide (including third-party cooperation networks), covering Africa and Africa.
In South Asia, the Middle East, South-East Asia and South America, among others, professional and efficient after-sales services can be provided to global users to effectively meet the diverse needs of emerging market countries and enhance consumer use experiences. In addition, large consumer products, such as household electricity, are highly dependent on off-line after-sales services, and post-sales service outlets based on mobile phone sales can also provide the basis for companies to sell home-based electricity products.
Multi-brand operations cover different consumer groups, along with horizontal expansion of operations to 3c accessories & household electricity, mobile interconnections, and medium- and long-term development opportunities. In response to the diverse consumption needs of emerging markets, companies have adopted a multi-product, card-based strategy to achieve full coverage of low-end high-school markets. In mobile phones, for example, tecno has a medium-end high-end brand, positioning middle-products.
Class consumer groups: itel focuses on popular brands, local consumers and value-oriented users: infinix focuses on fashion technology brands, and young consumers. At the same time, based on short-term mobile phone operations, companies are looking forward to 3c fittings & home power and mobile interconnections, taking advantage of medium- and long-term development opportunities in emerging markets, creating “mobile phones + 3c fittings & home power + mobile Internet”
The commercial ecological model of services. Emerging markets still have significant consumption potential for 3c accessories, household electricity, and mobile interconnection services. As emerging market economies continue to grow and network infrastructure is being improved, 3c accessories, household electricity, and mobile interconnection services will be an important complement to the company’s mobile phone business, providing continuous competitiveness for the company’s future business development.
Emerging market mobile phone demand has a high potential for growth by switching to smart machines, with 2.1 high population acceleration plus smart machine replacement demand, sustained growth in African markets, higher population growth than the global average, and a rejuvenation of the demographic structure that drives the growth of mobile phone sales.
According to the United Nations Population Division, the world population is now more than equal. The total population of Africa is about 1.3 billion, or about 17 per cent of the global population, with the three most populous countries in Africa, Nigeria, Ethiopia and Egypt, for example, accounting for 2.6 per cent of population growth in 2019.
2.6 per cent and 2.0 per cent, both well above the average growth rate of the world population. The high population growth rate in Africa will make corporate mobile sales less developed in terms of network infrastructure in Africa, which is now in the transition from 2g to 3g and 4g, according to the Gsma (Global Association of Mobile Communications Systems), which in 2019 accounted for 3g and 4g networks in sub-Saharan Africa, respectively.
From 46 per cent to 9 per cent, the Middle East and North Africa regions accounted for 40 per cent and North Africa for 29 per cent of the network, while the Africa region continued to account for a large share of the 2g network. Capital expenditure for network infrastructure in sub-Saharan Africa, the Middle East and North Africa is expected to reach $47.8 billion and $66.7 billion, respectively, in 2020-2025, of which capital expenditure for 5g network construction will be incurred.
The proportion reached 27% and 68%, respectively, and is expected to significantly increase network coverage in the African region. In sub-Saharan Africa, smartphone penetration is about 45% and Internet penetration is about 45% in the year; in the Middle East and North Africa, smartphone penetration is about 57% and Internet penetration is about 64%.
As the 3g, 4g networks continue to grow, smartphone penetration is expected to rise to 67% and 74% in sub-Saharan Africa, the Middle East, and North Africa, respectively, by 2025, which is expected to significantly increase the size of the smart market in the African region. Companies’ sales of smart machines in Africa are growing rapidly, with smartsasps about seven to eight times the size of a functioning machine.
The volume of machine sales rose from 117 million in 2016 to 39 million in 2019, with capr as high as 31.9 per cent; and the volume of 20h1 was 121 million, an increase of 26.7 per cent over the same period.
We expect more than 300 million mobile phones to reach Africa in 2025, and the total market size of the corresponding mobile phone is about $13.6 billion, compared to 23% for the capr in 2020-2025; the smartphone market is about $13.5 billion, compared to 26% for the capr in 2020-2025, and the company will benefit significantly from the value of Africa’s upgrade from a functional to a smart machine.
With a population base of about 2.5 per cent per year, mobile output in Africa is expected to increase from 198 million in 2019 to 300 million in 2025. Meanwhile, according to idc, the penetration rate of smart machines in Africa in 2019 is about 41 per cent, considering that the shift from functional to smart machines in Africa is a major trend, together with the continued increase in 4g network coverage.
The penetration rate of regional smart machines has increased steadily to 71% in 2025 and is expected to reach 213 million in 2025. See South Africa ' s average mobile phone price from 2015 to 2020, which is 10.65%, taking into account Africa ' s overall economic growth rate, with a market size of about $13.5 billion.
Rapid growth in the smart market. 2.2 March into the emerging markets of Asia, widening the map of mobile businesses, building on the African market, gradually widening the map of mobile businesses, and marching into the emerging markets of Asia, represented by Indianamen.
Countries. From 2016 to 2017, companies entered non-African emerging markets, using a business strategy tailored to local market needs and cultural characteristics based on many years of experience in African markets, fast-tracking into emerging market countries in Asia, such as India, Bangladesh, Pakistan, where the share of income from other regions, such as Asia, increased gradually, from 11.38 per cent in 2016.
In the face of emerging markets outside Africa, companies have been working together with local distributors to build their best-selling capacity. In June of that year, the number of companies contracted to collaborate in India and elsewhere reached 2038.
Emerging markets outside, on the other hand, are characterized by the flatening of distribution channels in India, the large number of distributors and their small size. By comparison, the highest share of income was registered with dealers contracted with companies in 2016 and 2017, at 30.56 and 30.49 per cent, respectively. The strategy of creating best-seller products has led to full series of product sales with a view to gradually increasing market shares and increasing brand competitiveness.
The share of the former company ' s smart machine sales in Bangladesh has reached about 18 to 19 per cent, in Pakistan it is more than 40 per cent, and is ranked first in the local market.
India’s mobile phone market was highly competitive, accounting for about 6.8% of companies in 2019, and ranked fifth, with much room for improvement. The Indian market is one of the main battlegrounds for domestic mobile brands, for example, smart machines. According to Counterpoint, 20q3 domestic brands of millet, vivo, realme and oppo, with 2-5th place in total market position.
At the same time, India still has a large proportion of functional users. According to idc, in 2019 there were 283 million mobile phones in India, of which 130 million were functional, or 46%. The company was in the lead in the Indian functional market, with the 20q3 functional brand, itel, in 22% of the Indian functional market, ranked first.
One is that companies are expected to gradually penetrate the smart market through a functional machine, increasing the rate of smart markets. Hundreds of millions, about 18% of the world’s population, are the second largest population country after China.
But India’s per capita gni grew faster, reaching 5.03 per cent in 2018, nearly three times the world’s per capita gni growth rate (1.72 per cent), with high consumption potential. India’s mobile phone holdings remain low and are expected to continue to improve India’s consumption as economic growth increases.
However, there is still much room for improvement in India’s mobile phone holdings, with only 0.27 smarts per capita in 2018, and 0.36 machines per capita in 2018.
After three to four years of market opening, the company has been able to manage its niche with excellent product differentiation strategies and channels.
As the 4g network coverage increases, the willingness of mobile phone users in emerging city countries to replace their smart machines has increased, leading to a steady increase in their output.
Pakistan's total population is the base (currently approximately 221 million), and Pakistan's smartphone penetration rate will increase from 1.4 per cent in 2019 to 1.4 per cent in the same year, while the company has set up a small production line in Bangladesh to respond quickly to the needs of local customers, and we expect the total size of the Indian mobile phone market to reach $283.1 billion in 2025, of which the market size of smartphones is as follows:
28.15 billion yuan, or 13 per cent in 2020-2025; the total size of the mobile market in Bangladesh is expected to reach $28.2 billion, and cellular output data are based on projections from third-party agencies, Eucian, while assuming a 5 per cent increase in Indian smart machines in 2021-25 (average increase per capita gni in India, 2017-19); mobile cellular output in Bangladesh is equal to that of 2019.
The number of mobile phones will reach 224 million and the size of the market will be approximately $283.1 million: the size of smart phones will be 198 million and the size of the market will be 281.5 million. In 2025, Bangladesh is expected to reach 38 million and the size of the market will be 28.2 billion; and the size of smart phones will be 30 million.
With mobile phones as its core, the horizontal extension extends to 3c accessories, home appliances, and 3.1 establishes the 3c appliance brand oraimo, the consumer electronic ecological chain oramio is the company ' s professional 3c appliance brand, which covers more than 30 countries and regions in Africa and Asia.
The oramio brand was created in 2014 and its main products include smart sound boxes, smart bracelets, mobile power, blue-tooth headphones, and so on. With the vast base of users and brand influence at the end of Africa’s mobile phones, the company’s 3c part brand has become one of Africa’s favorite brands for consumers.
At the same time, there has been an active expansion of online operations, coupled with a well-developed after-sales service system, which allows companies to provide high-quality brand security and after-sales services for 3c components.
Mobile power sources are the top 3c components sold on the company line, with higher brand recognition in the largest power provider platform in Africa, Jumia. Jumia is Africa’s largest power provider, covering 11 African countries, including Nigeria, Egypt, and South Africa, and covering about 70% of the total number of Internet users in Africa.
Search for mobile power products, oraimo branded with a capacity of 10,000 mah with the highest rating of four stars and above, with a high degree of brand recognition. Smart hardware markets flourish and become an important area of extended cellular value.
Wearable equipment, vr/ar equipment, smart home equipment, drones, pens, and so on. In recent years, the global market for smart hardware has flourished, with a variety of blasts coming out. With tws headphones and smartphones, for example, global tws headphones will reach 255 million times in 2020, with a penetration rate of more than 16%, and cagr of tws headphones in 2019-2024 will be available.
The penetration rate will increase rapidly at 26%; global smart sound output will continue to grow, reaching 161 million by 2020; the African region has a low penetration rate of smart machines, and the iot market is still in its infancy, with great potential for development. The 4g network coverage is still low in Africa, resulting in insufficient penetration of smart phones, which according to gsma, is currently in Saha.
In sub-Saharan Africa, smartphone penetration is only 45%, and is expected to rise to 67% in 2025. With smart hardware products dependent on intelligence, mobile phones can be the end of operations, and with the increased penetration of smart machines in the African region, the vast market for smart hardware in the African region is dominated by companies that have the advantage and high brand loyalty of mobile phone users in African markets, pre-positioning the smart hardware field and mobile business.
The company’s layout in the field of smart hardware is a case of success in the country’s small rice ecological chain. Mi’s early branding through high-value smartphone products has been followed by investment in a number of start-up company-based consumer electronics chains before the domestic smart hardware market has broken out, by providing funding to address supply chains, supply chains, supply chains, etc.
Exporting products and business management experiences help start-up companies to grow rapidly and take over the market. Meanwhile, the Mi side relies on the Mi brand to promote ahead, increase product recognition and maximize brand value. On the other hand, Mi Li uses the old mobile phone channels to channel flows, such as Mi Ming City, Mi's house and Mi's house.
Rapid product penetration towards small-scale rice users. Companies have an absolute leading edge in the African mobile phone market and, with years of indigenous innovation and user-based product orientation based on Africa's experience, have gained a high degree of user loyalty and are expected to benefit fully from the development of African smart hardware by cutting into the field of smart hardware and building consumer electronic ecological chains.
3.2 The African electricity market is vast, and television has opened up a multi-brand and multi-modal development path for the company’s headline brand. In 2015, the company created a home and electricity brand, syinix, the main products of which are television, refrigerators, air conditioners, washing machines and electric fans. In 2019, the company launched a multi-brand, multi-modal development.
Road, a development strategy for multi-brand differentiation positioning and operation, syinix positioning high-end home brands, itel positioning entry-level home brands, infinix starting to prepare smart television business to provide young users with “fashion technology” intelligent home experiences.
The low penetration rate of household electricity in Africa and the lower cost of electricity are expected to increase the demand for household electricity in Africa. The low level of electricity generation and the high cost of electricity per capita in Africa continue to reduce household electricity penetration in Africa, for example, in Egypt, where about 20% of households have no television. According to eia (the United States Energy Information Agency), the total population in Africa in 2019 was about four times that of the United States.
But total electricity generation is only 804 twh (TWh, equivalent to 1 billion kwh), equivalent to 20% in the United States; per capita electricity generation is about 600 kwh, down from 6% in the United States. In order to meet the growing demand for electricity and reduce the cost of electricity use, the African region is also pressing the grid, using its rich natural gas and solar energy resources to increase electricity production, which is projected to be in Africa by 2030.
Africa’s high population base and low household power penetration rates provide vast growth space for domestic producers, attracting international electricity such as Samsung, Sony, lg, Haile.
Large brands have entered African markets for their share, and markets are competitive. Compared to competing firms, firms are positioning for high-value home branding products, and are committed to promoting home-based electricity in the African region. Lower product pricing, coupled with post-sale outlets throughout Africa, has facilitated the rapid entry of company home-based electricity products into low- and middle-income groups in Africa, and increased company-owned electricity in Africa.
In the case of television, for example, searching for 55-inch led&lcd television sets in Nigeria, selecting the least priced product on-line in syinix, infinix, Samsung and Sony for comparison, found that companies had the lowest price infinix and the second lowest price in syinix, converted into RMB 3,443 and RMB 3,852, respectively, compared with Sony's price.
Television is the most permeable household in Africa, but it still has great potential for growth compared to China and North America, where the company uses television as the main thrust of its home brand. The current penetration rate in Africa is about 40-50%, with all electricity.
In terms of population base, the total population of Africa is about 1.3 billion, the total population of China is about 1.4 billion, and the total population of North America is about 600 million. According to global television output in the first three quarters of 2020, Africa and the Middle East are about 10.32 million, a year-on-year increase.
2.2% long, equivalent to only one-third of China’s shipments, and one-fourth of North America’s exports, and given the population base and television penetration in the African region, there is still a huge potential for growth.
The company's deep-dressed mobile interconnection of products and services is built around a secondary operating system. The company has a secondary development based on the android system, which customizes the smart terminal operating system (os), including hios, itelos and xos, while placing the developed os in all mobile brands under the flag.
With a broad user base, the company’s oss has now become one of the mainstream operating systems in major emerging markets around the world, such as Africa. Around the operating system, the company has further developed tools such as application shops, game centres, advertising distribution platforms, and mobile phone housekeepers to generate revenue through the application of pre-loading, application distribution, and advertising.
Many of the leading Internet companies in the country, such as the News, Reading Group and others, have jointly established subsidiaries to work together in independent apps such as music, games, short videos, news, etc., to develop autonomous and cooperative applications of more than 10 million mau (monthly active users) by the end of 2020.
In 2017, the company and the network established a joint venture to provide diversified, customized mobile connectivity solutions to meet local needs. According to the disclosure of the company’s offer, the company and the Hong Kong network have 45.45% interconnectivity.
After more than three years of development and incubation, easy connectivity already has a musical streaming media platform, a short video platform, vskit, a mobile payment platform, palpay, and a social media platform, more than four mobile interconnections.
By the end of 2020, Boomplay had 130 million active users worldwide, working with the world’s three largest record companies, Global, Warner and Sony, with more than 50 million studios.
According to statistics, Boomplay was ranked first in the range of music apps in Africa for every quarter of 2019, with 20q1-20q2googleplaymusic gaining first advantage. Specifically, the weekly activity rate in 20q2boomplay was 15.48%, down from 16.53% in googleplaymusic, but the weekly per capita openings and weekly per capita use were higher than the weekly per capita.
Given that Googleplaymusic is only a music player, not a content operator, bomplay has become the most popular music stream media software in the African region. Flows and data are the core resources of mobile interconnection operations, with companies focusing on accumulation of users and fostering user stickyness for a short period of time.
Mobile interconnections are expected to be an important growth in the performance of companies. The first stage of mobile interconnections attracts users by exploiting user needs or resolving a certain type of user pain, and, when user flows reach a certain level, often raises the profile of the product through verbal marketing and good interaction between users, thus driving a surge in user size, which can then be realized through advertising, channeling, etc.
In addition, a sufficient number of user flows have been able to generate large volumes of user data, and by creating databases for data analysis and excavation, the product side can make innovations that are more tailored to user needs and individualized, and that are tailored to respond to user demands, thereby consolidating user loyalty and product influence. As a result, flows and data often generate a positive feedback loop that deepens while continuing to generate value.
The company has a competitive advantage by initially using a large base of users on mobile phones, and in the short term there is still a need for continuous grinding of products based on user feedback, accumulation of customers, development of customer stickyness, and a long-term expectation of seizing the opportunities created by the rapid rise of mobile interconnections in emerging markets, thus opening up the space for companies to grow over the long term.
5 Management industry has a strong background, equity incentives to motivate staff, management has a deep industry background, and management experience outside the country. Most of the company’s core management comes from the cellular business department of Ningpopo Consorts Ltd., which was involved in the early start-up of the offshore mobile market.
He has long served as the Managing Director of the Department of Overseas Industries at Ningbo Boi Ltd., with more than a decade of overseas management experience; directors, Arif and Shaw Ming, among others, have worked with multinational enterprises and long-term management of overseas operations. Since the establishment of the Department in 2006, the core management has focused on the development of African markets and has been actively involved in the management of overseas operations.
In July 2016, external investors’ source funds invested about $1.42 billion in monetary terms in corporate wisdom and prosperity, Hong Kong's network funnery, the continent's exhibition, Maesung's distance, and Hong-tae's investment in companies.
This corresponds to a ratio of 6.81%. Of these, the limited partners of the Source Fund include a subsidiary of Mtk, gaintechco.limited (SDC), and the limited partners of Hong-tae ' s investments include the Big Fund and the Purple Group, Tetrad and Gamnat are the investment funds of the Ministry of Finance in Niagaboa.
The company has a clear equity structure and core management is bound to depth through the employee holding platform. The company’s first shareholder is a sounding investment in an investment platform organized by directors and executives, with a 51.05% shareholding, with the chairman and founder of the company, Xiaomei Jiangchen, directly holding 20.68% of the sounding investment, plus the signing of the Concerted Action Agreement with other major shareholders in the sounding investment and
The indirect control gained by the Voting Rights Commission Agreement, in which Mr. Shao Myungjiang is the real controller of the company. At the same time, the core management and the depth of the company, through its stake-holding platform, such as sounding, investment, transmission, entrepreneurship, transmission, and sound entrepreneurship, introduce sound corporate long-term incentives for equity incentives.
Issuance of the Restrictive Stock Incentives Plan 2020 (draft) to award 8.175 million restricted shares to middle-level managers, technical cadres and business cadres (excluding independent directors, supervisors, stockholders who individually or collectively hold more than 5 per cent of the shares of a listed company, the effectively controlled person of a listed company and his spouse, parents, children) through targeted issuance of shares
For the first time, 6.575 million shares were awarded, involving a total of 296 employees. The first-time incentive award was made for a year in which companies gradually expanded their mobile phone map to other emerging markets abroad, such as South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East and South America, based on local innovation and product differentiation strategies that match local consumption demand, building on the continued consolidation of the African mobile market dominance.
Corporate mobile sales in emerging market countries other than Africa grew rapidly, reaching 174 million mobile phone shipments in 2020, ranking fourth in the world, smart market rankings seventh in the world, first in Africa, first in Pakistan, first in Bangladesh, sixth in India, corporate leadership in emerging market countries abroad, and promising to benefit significantly from emerging overseas markets
We therefore expect that the company's cellular industry, with its mobile business at its core, will gradually expand its 3c components, home power, mobile connectivity, and medium- and long-term development opportunities. The company's 3c components, home power, mobile connectivity are now mainly in Africa, where iot, home power, and migration take place.
The market for connecting services is still in its early stages, and there is much room for growth in the future, with companies pre-empting high-quality competitions in Africa’s medium- and long-term, thanks to the huge volume of exports and the high brand recognition that has accumulated over the years in Africa’s mobile markets. As the level of consumption in Africa’s regions rises, network infrastructure is gradually improving, and the cost of electricity is falling, companies’ 3c fittings will be reduced.
& Power, Mobile Connectivity is expected to grow rapidly and become an important business growth pole for companies in the future, and we expect 2021-II. Māori rates to be forecast: on the one hand, as the company ' s strengths in emerging markets abroad expand further and its supply chain management and integration capacity continues to increase, and on the other hand, the company ' s cost-control capacity continues to expand overseas.
The combined annual Māori rate for companies will reach 25.9 per cent/25.8 per cent/ 25.8 per cent, respectively.
The company is the leading brand in Africa’s mobile market, benefiting from the continuous increase in the penetration of smart machines in emerging market countries such as Africa, combined with the horizontal expansion of 3c electronics, household electricity and mobile interconnections, medium- and long-term development opportunities in the layout, and is expected to continue to grow. I valued an average of 41 times in 2021, considering the company’s leading position in Africa’s mobile phone market, and being the only cell phone owned by a share.
Brand manufacturers, we believe that companies underestimate, cover for the first time, and give a “recommended” rating. The risk that offshore markets will not be successful is that companies, with Africa at their core, will gradually expand to global emerging markets such as South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East, and the United States, and that if they do not, they will be able to absorb the corporate gains as a whole.
The risk of strong competition in the mobile phone market: the current competitive global mobile market, where firms take the lead in emerging markets abroad through marketing channels and targeted technological innovation, may reduce the profitability of firms if they fail to maintain technological innovation to maintain a competitive advantage, or adopt marketing methods such as price reduction to maintain market share.
The risk of the impact of the new crown epidemic: if the new crown epidemic in emerging markets abroad is not effectively controlled, it will impede the recovery of the economy and impact on the industrial chain, which may affect the company’s business development and marketing of its products, thereby affecting the company’s operating income.
Wang Fang, Chief of the Electronics Industry, formerly employed in the Eastern Securities Company Ltd., the First Market Private Equity Investment Company Ltd., obtained a Bachelor of Science from the Chinese University of Science and Technology and a Master of Science from the Shanghai Institute of Advanced Financial Sciences from the Shanghai Transport University.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,