The mobile interconnection winding up of the African terminal, Yuan Wai-jin's company, based on Africa's mobile market, has opened up a space for growth.
Vuanweijin@shzq.com Shenzhen Voice Holdings Ltd. was established in 2006 and launched in 2019.
Listed on the market, the main products include mobile phones, home appliances, smart parts, Internet software, etc. Corporate machine markets are mainly aimed at emerging markets such as Africa, the Middle East, and South-East Asia. In 2020, corporate mobile phones delivered 174 million items, with 10.6% of the global market, including Africa, Bangladesh and India.
Smartphones account for 40 per cent, 18.3 per cent and 5.1 per cent of sales, respectively, of corporate mobile brands, including tecno, itel, infinix, with differentiated brand positioning for different needs in emerging markets, with active mobile Internet service layout around the stock of sound cellular customers and companies.
In March 2021, the twelfth edition of the report on the comprehensive performance of advertising platforms, published by appsflyer, showed that sound-movement interconnections ranked third in the global growth list, and the African, Indian/South-East Asian regions ranked first and fourth, respectively.
In addition to mobile phones, companies actively add codes to home appliances and digital accessories and enrich product lines.
Syinix, under the flag, works with the British Superstar Leicester, where the market is high and business is growing at a medium and high rate. In addition, the company's smart parts business, the flag brand oraimo, builds the foundation for the company's smart hardware ecological layout.
In the course of corporate development, global thinking on localizing innovation has been based on global thinking, localizing the business concept of innovation, and gradually strengthening corporate partnerships on brands, channels, after-sales, management and research and development.
Year after year, the company, with the tecno double-carat t780 fast-paced Nigeria, has continued to operate for the last six months, with stocks being over-renewed, “Male Black” , sweatproof, music cell phones, and so on.
In the roll-out, companies enhance their branding of the public market through a “wall brush” campaign, while also creating brand image in combination with the marketing of musical stars, the name team, and so on. Companies continue to push smart machine products that cater to the rising demand of emerging markets, and smart machine collections from 201667
Corporate channels have become an important factor in the consolidation of African markets. Companies, on the one hand, create a wealth of channel resources through several years of market operations and, on the other hand, guarantee good end-market pricing.
In terms of post-sale security, the company brands after-sales services.
Carlcare covers mobile products and home appliances, and now has more than 2,000 service outlets around the world. The corporate concept of “global” business and the practice of home-grown innovation are business goods that are deepening market barriers and moats.
(1) The new crown epidemic has led to global demand suppression; (2) new markets have not developed as expected; (3) performance growth and marginal changes; and (4) market liquidity has affected stock price volatility.
1.1 Shenzhen Sound Holdings Ltd., based on the diversified layout of the African mobile market, was established in 2006 and marketed in 2019, with major products such as mobile phones, home appliances, smart accessories, Internet software, etc.
The market for mobile phones is mainly aimed at emerging markets such as Africa, the Middle East, and South-East Asia. In 2020, 174 million public phones were delivered, with 10.6% of the global market, with Africa, Mengala and India accounting for 40%, 18.3%, and 5.1%, respectively.
The Division's mobile brands include tecno, intel, and infinix, where different brandings better cover the different demands of emerging markets.
According to the twelfth edition of the Platform ' s comprehensive performance report, in the global growth list, transmission is ranked third, Africa and India/South-East Asia are ranked first and fourth, respectively.
In addition to mobile phones, companies actively add coded home appliances and digital accessories to their product lines. The company’s home brand, Syinix, is working with the British Superball team, Lester City, to position the market.
At the middle and high end, business is growing at a medium and high rate. In addition, the company's deployment of smart parts, the flag and the brand oraimo form the basis for the company's intelligent hardware ecological layout.
51.05% of the prosecution, 20.7% of the company's executives are in possession of the platform. The company's shareholders are 3-6 members of the company's executive/employee holding platform. Merrillium securities hold 1.18%.
In addition, according to the offer, the State Integrated Circuit Investment Fund participates in the shares of the company through the Hong Tae Foundation.
Arif, a member of the board of directors, is Bengali and supports the development and localization of product channels. The company’s technology executives include Liu Shih-hyun, Lan Wai Peak, Wang Hai-Bing, among others.
In Yuteng, the main research direction is the development of mobile Internet technology. 1.3 Market openings have grown significantly by hundreds of millions of dollars, from 11.9 per cent, 49.1 per cent and 99.3 per cent, respectively.
In terms of profitability, the company’s Māori rate is about 31% in Africa and 18% in other regions. Africa’s relatively stable channels drive higher Māori rates.
The company’s Māori rate has shown a downward trend over the last two years, mainly due to price adjustments for functional machines and an increase in the proportion of smart phones. Net corporate interest rates have stabilized at 7.1 per cent, largely benefiting from improved sales costs as a result of stable distribution channels and increased yields.
Figure 9 The company ' s historical cost rate (%) shows the company ' s historical profitability data (%) of the company ' s current assets, with transactional financial assets and inventories accounting for the main share of transactions.
Sexual financial assets are mainly foreign exchange forward contracts, and stock growth is largely driven by sales growth. The company’s ongoing construction includes a sounding headquarters research and development centre, a cellular production base (Jongqing), an Indian production workshop, and a mobile phone manufacturing base project in a telecentre.
Figure 10 Summary of corporate current assets over the years (millions of yuan) shows that, as companies are listed and the volume of revenue increased, the net cash flow of public funds and operations has continued to grow over the past two years: cash from investing activities
Net current fluctuations are mainly affected by exchange rate fluctuations. In terms of debt ratios, companies have continued for the past two years to capture the full range of emerging market opportunities, both soft and hard.
The company has three brands of cellular phones: tecno, itel, and infinix. Among them, tecno is a high-end brand, itel is a popular brand, and infinix is a fashion-oriented technology.
The price of 17pro is 119, 1052 and 2550 dollars, respectively. The differences in the company’s mobile phone products provide security for the diverse needs of emerging markets, as well as evidence of its good product power in upgrading machines in emerging markets.
The expansion of non-African emerging markets, such as India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, has provided an impetus for the continued growth of corporate smart business. 2.2 Communications upgrades and economic development have driven China ' s mobile phone market for 10 years.
In 2010, China’s rapid growth and upgrading of its economy led to 10 years of growth in the smartphone industry.
China issued a 3g commercial license plate in 2010, China issued a 4g license plate in 2013, and China’s smartphone penetration has increased rapidly in two communications upgrades. China’s rapid economic growth has pushed up the average per capita gdp, further increasing the volume of smartphones and mobile phone lists.
China’s cellular industry began to reshuffle fast in 2010. In mid-2010, the country’s mobile phone stock was about 260 million, of which the smart machine was about 30 million.
At the end of 2010, Honda launched the first smart phone with Andre's system,g1, and the smart phone market began.
After five years of shuffling the market, China's smart cellular market entered the era of oligarchic competition. In 2019, hovm and apples had five minds.
Cellular manufacturers account for 90% of the country’s market. Looking back at the changes in space in China’s mobile market in 2010 and the current situation in China, the mobile market has grown gradually from $55 billion to about $600 billion, based on rough calculations.
Figure 17 Changes in the pattern of competition in China's mobile phone market, where apples account for an absolute share of the high-end smart cellular market with powerful hardware and software ecology.
The growth of China’s smartphone market has led to the growth of national brands, while the epidemic is well regulated to provide security for the stable production of national brands and to further open up foreign markets.
Foreign markets, such as Europe, have grown well. Figure 18 China’s consumer electronic branding has risen globally, and a mature domestic smartphone manufacturing supply chain opens up foreign markets for home-grown mobile phones.
According to the Institute of Information and Communications Technology, China’s smartphone production accounted for global smartphone production, increasing the cumulative revenue of businesses from $35.6 billion to $46.18 billion between 2020. From the supply chain level, the integrated circuits industry leads high-end chips from the Heiss, Druze, and others.
China’s smartphone market has been upgraded and upgraded by domestic communications systems.
The rapid growth of the economy, driven by two rounds, has grown to 600 billion market sizes after more than a decade. With huge domestic markets, the domestic electronic manufacturing industry chain and the national production terminal brand have emerged, and the perfect industrial chain is the upstream chip and downstream terminal brand of our manufacturing industry.
The growth path of China’s mobile market is the development of Africa’s mobile market. Figure 19 China’s consumer e-business revenues (millions of yuan) 2.3 Africa’s mobile market prices are well under way.
Africa has more than 200 million mobile phones a year, and according to tripartite data, Africa has 127 million functional machines and 91 million smartphones in 2019. Owing to the low rate of smartphones in Africa and the limited level of economic development, the overall mobile market in Africa is limited.
In terms of market share, the distribution of voicemails and tristars in Africa in 2020 was 37% and 15%, respectively, of mobile phones, 8%, 4% and 4%, respectively, of Hua, Mi and Opo, and 32% of other brands.
High market share, but the number of market participants remains high due to differences in the level of African economies, and the overall trend of mobile market shuffling will continue. In terms of communications, Africa, North Africa (including the Middle East) and sub-Saharan Africa, 2019
In Africa, the penetration rate of 4g (4g registered users as a percentage of cellular subscribers) is 29% and 9%, respectively, equivalent to China ' s 2013-2014 period. The different levels of economic development in the countries of the continent have led to differences in the levels of communication between regions, as well as in the pace of future development.
Similarly, according to gsma, 4g penetration rates in North Africa and sub-Saharan Africa will reach 53 per cent and 23 per cent respectively in 2025.
With specific reference to the development of the communications industry in Africa, Ethiopia recently issued a new license plate to the GlobalPartnershipforethipia consortium, and the opening-up of the communications industry in the country is expected to provide a model project for faster development of the communications industry in Africa.
(Globalpartnershipforethiopia consortium is held by Kenyan operator safaricom and includes British operator Vodafon, South African operator Wadakang, British Sovereign Fund cdcgroup and Japanese Friends Group). 14 May 2020, China's Mobile Country
Intercom Ltd. (cmi), Facebook, South African telecommunications operator mtnglobalcontract, French telecommunications operator orange, Saudi Telecom, Egyptian Telecom, Vodafone and West India Ocean Cables announced that they would cooperate in laying 2africa submarine cables to serve the African continent and Africa.
The members of the investment groups provided adequate financial support for the project and entrusted the Alcatel Submarine Network (“asn”) with the construction of the project, which is the most extensive submarine cable on the continent.
This will enhance connectivity across Africa and the Middle East. From 5g, South Africa is now commercialized, and countries such as Nigeria, Kenya, Madagascar and Libya are preparing for 5g commercial construction.
Population density directly affects the operating benefits of mobile operators. The signal coverage of ground-based stations is limited, with 4g base stations, for example, a single base station covering a radius of about 1 to 3 km, and the number of users covered by base-based beacons is of interest in the recovery period and profitability of the operator's capital expenditure.
Related. In terms of population density, Africa is less crowded than China, and the demand for profitability from operators suggests that there is or will be a gap between the efficiency of future building of African infrastructure and the speed of construction in China.
Figure 25 Comparison of population density distribution between Africa and China, China’s telecommunications industry also forms a mature industrial chain, a year-to-year adjustment in product prices, which may have a subsequent advantage in the construction of future African markets.
Low-orbiting satellites provide a new actionable option for mobile Internet access in remote areas. In the case of SpaceX, the company plans to lay more than 10,000 low-orbit satellite constellations within a distance of 300-550 km from Earth orbit.
Mobile Internet access globally. Low-orbiting satellite constellations, on the one hand, facilitate the ability of networking applications such as smart drivers to move away from base station signal coverage and also address remote communications infrastructure.
Low rate of return on capital. While user fees for spacex are still relatively high, future expenditure on single users will improve as the number of users increases and the industrial chain matures. Low-orbiting satellite constellations or mobile Internet development for the African region
An overview of the launching costs of the constellations of low-orbit satellites in figure 28, an overview of the operating costs of the low-orbit satellite systems in figure 29, with regard to population structure and volume, shows that Africa ' s mobile phone market is developing over time. Africa is now flat.
The average age is about 19 years, far below 37 years in China and 43 years in Europe, and the proportion of the population under the age of 15 is 41%. In terms of total population, Africa’s total population is expected to increase from the current 1.31 billion to 1.690 billion in 2030.
As a result of the gradual improvement in economic development, the number of cellular consumers and per capita consumption capacity, Africa currently has about 56 mobile phone holdings per 100 population, of which there are about 28 smartphones. China, as a relatively mature market for mobile phones, has mobile phone holdings per 100 population.
Africa’s per capita holdings are far from saturated compared to China’s mobile market. In terms of sales and price distribution in Africa, the total market for functional machines is about 10 billion, the total market for smart machines is between 50 billion and 100 billion, and the penetration rate of smart phones will continue to open up to Africa.
Combining the above analysis, we believe that, with the growth of gdp per capita in the African region and the rising demand for mobile phones, the African smartphone market has grown in volume and prices, and we're doing cellular markets on parameters such as the size of the African population, the per capita gdp, etc.
The results show that the first echelons of the African mobile market (more than $3 billion) include Nigeria, Egypt and South Africa, and the second echelons ($1 billion to $3 billion) include Ethiopia, Kenya, Algeria.
The rest of the country’s mobile-phone market is estimated to be below $500 million. In their calls, companies revealed the commercialization of channels in African countries in mid-2019.
We sort it out by number of conduits, with the top five countries being Nigeria, Ethiopia, Tanzania, Kenya and Rwanda, with 59, 35, 29, 25, 17, respectively. Data shows that companies focus on mobile phones in Africa.
In 2020, companies outside Africa collected $14.54 billion, an increase of 160% over the same year. The company combined the sales of functional machines and smart machines and measured them at an average cost of $60 and $450.
The growth of mobile phone operations in 2020 has largely benefited from smart machine sales in markets outside Africa. According to the company’s annual report, the company’s share of smart machines in Pakistan and Bangladesh in 2020 was over 40% and 18.3%, respectively, with the local market ranked first.
The opening of Bangladesh’s market has provided an important boost to the growth of the company’s mobile business in 2020. The year was focused on India’s mobile market, but in recent years India’s mobile phone market has gradually become small, with smartphone market patterns increasingly concentrated on millet, Samsung, vivo, etc.
The company's share of the smartphone market in India in 2020 was about 5.1%, ranked sixth, according to the company's network of officials. The company has developed a good market share in the smartphone market in Pakistan and Bangladesh, with $2.4-2.7 billion in mobile market space in both countries (calculators).
There is also a need to pay special attention to the company’s progress in opening up its markets in Indonesia, the Philippines, and other countries. According to estimates, the Indonesian mobile phone market is about $8.7 billion, and the market space is close to the sum of the markets in Pakistan, Bangladesh, and the Philippines.
The mobile Internet industry will be a communications infrastructure and a mobile smart terminal penetration.
In China, for example, mobile-flow capital fell to 160 billion gb in 2020. Mobile Internet applications are diverse, using different market locations to move the Internet.
Using black horses. From social software to mobile power providers, from games to short video applications, pop-up mobile applications tend to lead to a rapid increase in profits based on exponential growth in traffic. From internal mobile applications, socialization, short video applications, mobile payments are the most active.
In the field, micro-letters, mobile-phone scavengers, payment treasures, tremors, etc. became domestic live users (mau) and the number of start-up times for various applications in China in 2020 reached $114.3 billion in 2020 for self-employed power suppliers.
US$ 10,92 billion for Ali and 73.9 billion for Toyoto. According to the size of the overseas giants, the Amazon, Google, Microsoft in 2020 received $38,61 billion, $182.5 billion, and $143 billion, respectively.
Africa currently has low per capita mobile Internet consumption, but at the rate of growth, the level of mobile Internet consumption in sub-Sahra is rising far above the global average. China’s Internet network has created oligopoly patterns in many of its sub-tracks, and Africa’s Internet market is still growing.
In the early stages, market patterns are still unclear in the sub-areas. Corporate mobile Internet platforms based on user flows and data resources, together with leading Internet companies such as web access, telecommunications, reading groups, music, games, short videos, etc.
The company, with its mobile hardware holdings, has developed its own platform for smart terminal operating systems and stand-alone applications such as hios, itelos and Xos, and has used preloading, application/ game distribution, combined games, and wide-ranging applications.
Mobile Internet value-added services such as displays, fee-for-materials/themes, and localization of service aggregations form a business-for-profit model from flow accumulation and distribution to flow realization.
Over 50 million monthly users and over 17 million monthly users of short video applications vskit. From the company’s Internet operations, the company’s fully-owned company, Shanghai Voice Information Technology, is limited to 1,045 million yuan in 2020, representing a net profit of 531 million yuan.
The distribution of business may open up more room for future profit growth.
3.1 The increase in electricity access in Africa has led to a rapid growth in the business of home-based companies, which, according to the Worldenergyoutbook report, in Africa in 2019, recorded an 81 per cent increase in electricity access in Africa and a gradual increase in electricity access in recent years in the continent.
In terms of population size, Africa’s future home-based electricity market space is expected to compete with the Chinese market for hundreds of millions of yuan. Companies are marketing their home-based electricity in the African region.
In September 2020, syinix announced that he was officially a partner of the British Super Lester City Football Club, continuing to build the country. We expect the size of the household electricity business in 2020 based on corporate revenue.
One billion, which will continue to grow at a high rate in the future.
The volume of products that can be worn has been growing since smartphone penetration, with 444 million products sold globally in 2020, according to idc, representing a 28% increase. Of products that can be worn, 55.40% are eardone, and about 17.70% are handrings and watches.
Figure 50 Annual shipments of smart hardware worldwide, based on the share of the global market for intelligent hardware, apples account for 32 per cent of global shipments of products such as airpods and applewatch, and millet and tristars.
The products such as rings are the top three. Of the market share of China’s smart wear, Mi, Hua, and Apple, figure 52 shows the market share of China’s smart hardware in the global market (volume of shipments) figure 53
The brand of smart hardware oraimo under the banner of sound control includes products such as wireless headphones, smart handsheets, charged treasures, storage, etc. The prices of the company's products correspond to between RMB 150 and RMB 250, according to the product letters from the Nigerian electric power market platform Jumia.
Smart hardware products are expected to grow smaller in 2020. As corporate brands grow and markets mature, company-related business development four, deep-cultivated market multi-share companies grow high ceilings.
4.1 Global thinking on localizing innovation. Corporate development has always been guided by global thinking, localizing the business of innovation, and gradually strengthening corporate moats in terms of brands, channels, after-sales, management and R & D.
The continent’s mobile operating markets are more fragmented, and mobile phone users often need to adapt to multi-operator switching. In 2007, companies used the tecno double-cards to t 780 fast-deeply-winded Zhelia. Africa’s electricity supply was unstable, and companies introduced mobile phones characterized by long-duration flights.
Products take over the market. In response to the sweaty characteristics of users, companies develop special body improvements, corrosion, discoloration, and surface loss. In marketing, companies enhance their branding of the public market by “painting the wall” and also in conjunction with music stars' slogans, nameballs, etc.
In 2012 and 2014, the sales of company mobile phones jumped from nearly 20 million to 46 million. As smartphone penetration rises, companies also push for product power and keep up with the wisdom of market demand upgrading.
Cellular products. In 2015, company cell phone tecno boomj8 was launched with a Boomplay music software, and 18 Nigerian stars were invited on the first day of the launch. Boomplay became the music software of Africa's first user base.
In the area of black, companies build dark-skinned databases and develop video algorithms on their own to enable dark-skinned users to get the desired image effect. In 2020, the company's top conference in computer visuals won cvpr as the international champion of deep-skinned people.
Corporate marketing in Africa rose from about 15 million in 2016 to 36 million in 2020, and corporate channels became an important factor in the consolidation of African markets. Companies, on the one hand, built rich channels of resources through years of market operations, and priced good end sales.
The company is also active in creating “localized” elements in areas such as operations, supply chains, and obtaining a widely marketed localized image of sound cellular brands through the hiring of localized personnel, the construction of logistics warehouses, the construction of Ethiopian factories, etc.
In terms of post-sale security, the company post-sale service brand carlcare covers mobile products and home appliances, which now have more than 2,000 service outlets worldwide. A specialized after-sales service system provides guarantees for companies to consolidate emerging markets and further enhances customer glue.
The company’s concept of “global” business and its practice of home-grown innovation is that business brands continue to deepen market barriers and moats.
Corporate growth is expected to leapfrog through smartphones, home appliances, digital accessories, and the Internet. Increasing penetration of smartphones and single machine prices in Africa and emerging markets.
The company’s Internet operations may be an important opportunity to leapfrog its performance in the future. Based on user flows, companies and a number of Internet companies, such as web access, telecommunications, reading groups, etc., are playing music and swimming.
In terms of the number of monthly users, there are more than 50 million monthly users of the company's mobile browser software, the music player's software, and more than 17 million monthly users of the short-sighted frequency application vskit.
An exponential upscaling that is expected to yield performance in the mobile Internet industry development wave in emerging markets.
According to the disclosure, the company ' s motivational personnel cover managers, technical cadres, and business cadres, with a cumulative number of incentives The Department ' s core team optimizes the stability of business management.
(1) The new crown epidemic leads to global demand suppression; (2) new markets are not developed as expected; (3) performance increases and marginal changes; (4) market liquidity influences stock price volatility;
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.