Researchchand developmentcenter has a strong performance of 2021, and the land of the frontier is in a state of disarray.
On April 28, 2021, a high performance rate of 2021 and a high rate of expansion.
Incident: On April 27, 2021, the Voice Holdings revealed that in the first quarter of 2021, the company achieved a higher than expected growth in sound Holdings (688036.sh) q1. In the first quarter of 2021, the company achieved a revenue of $11,252 million, a year-on-year increase.
99.34 per cent, mainly as a result of robust growth in the African region and successful expansion in other new markets; net profit of $801 million, an increase of 125.93 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of improvements in corporate management efficiency, and sales costs of 8.15 per cent this quarter, a decrease of 2.3 percentage points over the same period.
Four percentage points. The Māori rate for companies declined by 3.7 percentage points in a quarter, mainly because of the expansion of corporate business and the rising share of income in new markets. Basic stability, and the expansion of new markets.
With a base of more than 3 billion people, low levels of economic development, low cellular penetration and smartphone penetration, the demand for firm growth is growing steadily, and a wide market space is available. In 2020, the number of company mobile phones delivered was 170 million, the fourth highest in the world.
In the South Asian market, Pakistan accounted for more than 40%, Bangladesh for more than 20%, and the new market expanded well. Looking ahead, in 2021, companies expanded well in new cities like Thailand, the Philippines, Turkey, Indonesia, etc.
Stock upgrades are flexible and smart machines are growing rapidly. The current ratio of African market functions is still more than 50%, with huge potential for structural upgrading. 4q20 produces 11 million smart machines in African markets, with 48% of the city, and will continue to benefit from high growth in emerging markets.
In countries in South-East Asia with relatively high levels of development, such as Indonesia, the Philippines, where sound transmissions are directly dependent on the power of smart machine products to enter and open the market. According to idc, in 2020 q4 sound was 15% in the Philippines, up 9 percentage points in the same year, and 9.3% in Indonesia.
A nine percentage point rise in the same year, and the competitiveness of the product is evident. Mobile interconnections are moving fast, home appliances and accessories are expanding well. Large system loads and user flows are the core foundation of companies' mobile interconnection operations.
The leading Internet company in the country, working together in a number of applications, is actively developing and incubating.
Three media outlets, with 240% higher than the share of installation applications in October 2020. By the end of the 20th year, the company had over 10 million people per month; the number of bomplay users stood at 126 million, and the number of curvature libraries built local operations in countries.
In addition, companies have performed well in expanding their operations, such as home-based electricity and accessories, keeping up the growth momentum, while actively expanding online channels and pursuing a multi-brand strategy. In 2020, the company’s main business outside its cellular telephones generated income of $1,103 million, a 13% increase.
The potential for future performance growth, such as the continued expansion of companies in emerging markets, is significant.
In Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in the West Side, 9th House, building 1, in the first quarter, the performance of which was over-expected, the profitability of which continued to improve, the net profit grew steadily during the first quarter of the year. In the first quarter of 2021, the company achieved a revenue of $11,252 million, a year-on-year increase.
99.34 per cent; net return of 801 million yuan, an increase of 125.93 per cent over the same period. Companies were affected by the epidemic during the previous year, with relatively low sales revenues; African markets continued to grow steadily this quarter, and sales revenues from markets outside Africa increased considerably.
Division operations expanded, new market revenues increased, and the company ' s Māori rate was relatively low outside Africa. q1 net interest rate of 7.12 per cent, which remained stable, largely as a result of the increased efficiency of corporate management, with a sales cost of 8.15 per cent this quarter, and figure 1: broadcast performance
Figure 2: Performance of net gains in sound transmission Figure 3: Performance of profit rates in sound transmission Figure 4: Performance of cost during sound transmission
Subregional revenues show that, as companies continue to expand in emerging markets, income from cellular operations has continued to grow beyond Africa, reaching $14.54 billion in 2020, an increase of 160% in the same year, and 39% in the same year, an increase of 16 percentage points in the same year. At the same time, the company’s base plate in Africa has also grown steadily, with Africa selling mobile phones in 2020, despite the impact of the epidemic on downstream demand.
A decline in volume, with corporate cellular operations earning $22.45 billion in Africa, an 18 per cent increase over the same period. Figure 5: Subregional receipts for sound cellular operations from 2016 to 2020 (billion dollars),2 Africa ' s fundamentals are solid and new markets are expanding smoothly
In 2020, corporate cellular output stood at 174 million, with a robust growth in African markets and continued to have the highest market share, with more visible results in 2020 on emerging markets outside of Africa. idc data, with the public sector occupying 10.6% of the global mobile market in 2020, ranked fourth among global mobile branders, with intelligence in the world.
In South Asia, the smart market in Pakistan is over 40%, first in Bangladesh, 18.3% in Bangladesh, and first in Africa.
India’s smart market held 5.1 per cent, ranking sixth, with good expansion in non-African emerging markets. Figure 9: Mobile cellular output in Bangladesh (millions)3
With regard to mobile Internet operations, the increase in sales of corporate smart machines provides companies with a steady flow, which is a guarantee that they can develop and move their Internet operations. The company’s branding of mobile phones carries smart terminal operating systems (os) based on the secondary development and depth of the Android system platform, including hios, etc.
Mobile Internet platforms based on user flows and data sources are the core basis for companies to develop mobile Internet products. In March 2021, according to appsflier data, the company became the third-largest media channel worldwide, with a 240% increase in the share of installation applications compared to October 2020.
In addition, companies have worked with a number of national leading Internet companies, such as Web-friendly, evangelical, and book-reading groups, to develop and incubate mobile Internet products in a number of applications and strategies. By the end of 2020, eight autonomous and cooperative initiatives had been launched, the largest music flow media platform in Africa.
Localized operators rank among the top users of newstype apps in many countries. Short video applications vskit, in collaboration with key African opinion leaders (kol), build up advantages and barriers to short video content locally and deepen the diversity and quality of video content.
In addition, the company has performed well in expanding its operations such as electricity and accessories at home, maintaining the growth momentum and, while doing business under the line, actively expanding its online channels and moving its multi-brand strategy into a virtuous development.
Revenue from business amounted to $1,103 million, a 13 per cent increase over the same year.4 Sustained R & D investment, deep-farming emerging markets, and localization of innovative technologies tailored to the needs of users. Companies were among the first to enter Africa as a home-grown mobile phone manufacturer with technology for many years.
Sediment, with deep insight and understanding of African markets and user groups, the leading market share in African markets brings with it natural, sustained and stable data and flows that lead to upgrading of local mobile phone designs, processes, etc. After years of continuous accumulation, companies have acquired a strong ability to innovate in applied technologies. Companies are actively introducing new materials, new processes, etc.
In Africa, for example, the market demand for African consumers has led companies to produce highly relevant research and development in local markets, developing personalized applications such as dark-skinned photography, night-time photo capture, and face-in-face recognition for unlocking functions; and targeting local areas in African countries.
The company also targeted low-cost high-pressure fast charge technologies, long waiting machines, electrical flow control techniques for ambient temperature testing and sweatproof usb ports; and, for African consumers, a low-sound design and speakers design for African music, and a radio function design for Africans, and
The development of mobile Internet applications that are compatible with Africa’s user preferences in the areas of music, games, short videos, and content syndication has steadily increased, with continuous research and development inputs. Research and development spending by companies in 2020 was 1,158 million yuan, an increase of 43.8 per cent over the same period, with a steady increase in the scale of operations, mainly due to increases in the remuneration of research and development staff.
1915 persons, or 22.13 per cent more than the previous year, and the share of R & D staff continued to rise. The annual restricted equity incentive scheme, which awarded 294 incentives for the first time, amounted to 7.76 million shares, or 0.97 per cent of the total equity of the company. The number of restricted shares awarded for the first time was 6.21 million, with a reserve of 1.55 million.
Equity. High equity incentives have a greater impact on corporate profits, while companies are not afraid of short-term profit pressures, through full-covering equity incentives to tie up talent and motivate employees to grow up with the company. In 2020, company shares were paid up to 77,12,3 million dollars, taking into account the sound of major operations abroad, such as mobile phones, accessories, home appliances, etc.
In agreement with Bloomberg, an average market gain of 54 times that of comparable firms with the industry in 2021 was calculated, taking into account the incremental spatial and structural upgrading potential of emerging markets in which sound is heard, and the continued expansion of companies in emerging markets, future performance increases Innovation, Kovos: yuan)
There have been repeated outbreaks abroad; changes in competition patterns; market demand has fallen short of expectations; the University of Electronics and Technology in Xian has been a leading player in the semiconductor industry for almost five years, with the work experience of leading enterprises like Texas instruments, familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain, and the founder of the well-known semiconductor incubator platform, coffee, which assisted many semiconductor companies in the early years of the country.
3rd place in the new wealth electronics industry; 2rd place in the electronics sector, Crystalball, 18/19; and 3/2nd place in the electronics sector, Gold Bull Award, 18/19. Liu Shaqing, M.A. from Wuhan University, 2018, joined South-West Securities.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.