Investment rating: Increase (first) Quarterly Report 2023 issued by the company, according to which the company achieved revenue + domestic consumer market recovery + increased customer share in the market in the first three quarters of 23 years, and corporate revenue grew by ring
According to the company announcement, the income of the company in the first quarter of 23q3 rose by 11.91 per cent from the revenue ring in China, from 84 per cent in China, 12.9 per cent in the United States, and 3.1 per cent in Eurasia, from 11.91 per cent in China.
22.27. In our view, the growth in corporate revenues has largely benefited from a restructuring of the industrial chain brought about by geopolitical factors and cost competition in one domestic consumer market,2 and an increase in the share of the Chinese customers of the company in the market.
• Impacted by a decline in capacity utilization, the company's profitability phase is under pressure and corporate output as a whole continues to grow, but as total output as a denominator increases to 796,000 units, the average capacity utilization drops by 1.2 pct, resulting in a decrease in the company's net return profit on the same basis.
At that time, the corporate 23q3 quarter net profit margin declined and was also affected by a loss in net return on investments and an increase in impairment of assets. • To ensure that start-up projects were productive, the company raised its capital expenditure to $7.5 billion for the entire year for 23 years
By the end of the third quarter of 23 years, the company had accumulated capital expenditure of about $5.1 billion in the first three quarters of 23 years and $2.1 billion in the second quarter of 23 q3. The company had been fully adjusted to ensure that the projects that had been launched were productive, owing to the geopolitical complexity of the impact on the equipment delivery cycle.
Downstream demand recovery has fallen short of expectations, geopolitical risks, R & D and technology overlaps.
The company is one of the world's leading integrated circuit-crylic-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal-crystal manufacturing industry.
The company is based in Shanghai, China, with a global manufacturing and service base, with three 8-inch crystal mills in Shanghai, Beijing, Tianjin, Shenzhen, and four 12-inch crystal mills: in Shanghai, Beijing, and Tianjin each, a 12-inch crystal mill is under construction.
In addition to high-end manufacturing capabilities, full-scale crystal-round engineering solutions are provided to clients, including one-stop services such as photo masks, ip R & D, and back-stage assistive design services (including convex processing services, crystal circle detection, and eventual encapsulation, testing, etc.). The company ' s technology and technology platform covers advanced, mature and special process platforms.
Product layout is diverse, smartphones and consumer electronics are the main downstream product applications. Companies have the capacity to produce multiple technological platforms, such as logical circuits, power/simulation, high volatilization drive, embedded non-volatile storage, non-fault storage, mixed signals/radio frequency, image sensors, etc., that provide customers with smart phones, consumer electronics, intelligence.
In the first quarter of 23q3, the share of income from smartphones and consumer electronics was 25.9%, 24.1%, respectively, and smartphones and consumer crystals worked as core components of the company’s revenue collection, with the industrial landscape having a significant impact on the company’s performance.
Figure 2 Downstream receipts ratio (up to 23q3) High-intensity R & D boosters grow, and many projects show technological strength. In order to maintain technological leadership, the development of several platforms of the Division is on schedule, including the 28 nanohkd super-low power platform, which is the leading in mainland China.
40 nm embedded storage vehicle platform, 40 nm ultra-low power platform optimization, etc... As of the first half of 2023, the company ' s 4 x nanonorflash process platform project, 55 nm high-pressure display vehicle process platform project, 0.13 m-eeprom auto electronic platform development project and 0.18 m-image image sensor environmental field
The light-sense project has been developed into a small batch of test products, the latter process has been developed, the performance has been achieved, the autonomous platform has been developed, and the whole package of ip has been made available.
Mainly applied to blue teeth, home-to-house signal pure aluminium, and process reliability certification was well advanced.
And competitive srams, imported customers are actually leading mainland China to complete and are validating their products.
1.2 Consumer demand has warmed, companies have increased their annual capital spending to ensure that 23q3 global mobile phones and pcs continue to contract at the same rate, and a gradual recovery in consumer electronics is expected to boost the performance of the public sector. According to techinsights, in the third quarter of 2023, there were 296 million smartphones worldwide.
Stock levels and end-user demand have continued to improve, adding apples and other major mobile phone manufacturers to new machines, and bringing back the global smartphone market. According to idc, global pc output in the third quarter of 2023 is 68.2 million.
For the first time since the first quarter of 2022, there has been a decrease of 7.6% in the same year. Intel, amd, etc., major overseas plants have already come close to the bottom of the pc inventory cycle.aipc, or will drive the 2024 pc delivery, continues to improve.
In order to ensure that start-up projects are productive, companies raise their capital spending to $7.5 billion a year. Companies expect capital spending to be almost equal for the year at the beginning of 23 years.
Downstream demand has not recovered as expected, geopolitical risks, R & D and technology have not changed as expected.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.