On 10 November, the China-King International Bulletin Quarterly, which achieved business income of $33,098 billion, or 12.35 per cent, in the previous three quarters, and net return to the mother of $3,675 million, or -60.86 per cent;
The increase was 9.5%, but the average capacity utilization fell due to an increase in total production capacity to 796,000 units, the high stocks in the Chinese market eased, the cis/isp, radio frequency bluetooth, display drive, and the rapid growth of the nonorflash. For the subregion, the share of China, the United States and the Eurasian region, respectively, increased.
This represents an increase of 10%, mainly from the alleviation of high-water-level stocks of Chinese market products, which have fallen to relatively healthy levels, while US-European client stocks are still at historically high levels. For example, intellectual cis/isp, radio-frequency bluetooth demand has been better, with 24% and 28% growth in ring relative to ring; and a driving bank has been shown.
The highest/minimum price in 52 weeks has recovered to a healthy level, with a 16% increase in sales earnings and a 27% increase in special storage needs.
Nominees hkscc 40/55nm demand surged, capital expenditure plan up 2023
$7.5 billion. The monthly capacity of the 2023q3 company (equivalent to 8 inches) is 795.8 million pieces, with an increase of 4.15 million pieces per month in the ring, with a decrease in capacity utilization below the high capacity base to 77.1 per cent, and a 5 per cent decline in the ring value of 2161 dollars in the Crystal Ribbon. The three-quarter output release is mainly 8 inches in the Tianjin plant.
And 12 inches of manufacturing capacity at Beijing and Shenzhen, with bcd analogpower of 0.15-0.18 m in Tianjin, and 12 inches of 40-55 nm in Beijing and Shenzhen, mainly for cis/isp and norflash.
40,000, 12 inches more than 20,000. 40/55 nanometers are still tense. First, 40nm's cis back thinning requires 15-20 layers of light masks, high demand, long cycle, tight capacity, and slow supply delivery. Second, 40nm applications are more demanding, with mcu, ddic, etc.
A very strong ion-specific injection device, with some capacity shortages due to the lack of reuse of the equipment. The 55nm portion of the cissenor, with low-priced mobile phones and display displays, mostly uses 55nm. At the same time, the industry’s low-price situation is triggered by noorflash.
Repository stock demand has increased the demand for 55 nm production capacity. Capital expenditure of 2,023 q3 billion to $7.5 billion ($6.35 billion in the original guidelines), mainly due to early breakthroughs by equipment suppliers to respond to current global geopolitics, in order to ensure that projects that have been initiated reach production levels.
Looking to the city, companies see global expansion as faster than demand, with increased competition in the industry, and the risk of overcapacity. But corporate expansion is based on the overall development pace and demand for user orders, and is optimistic about the future de-productivity.
On the demand side, the pace of stock conversion varies from region to region across the globe, and Chinese customer stock has reached entry and exit.
Balance levels, but the US and Europe are still at an all-time high. At the same time, automobile chip-related stocks are beginning to be high, moving from aggressive expansion to focused core operations, with strict control of stocks and costs, and more care being taken on the stream.
The company’s judgement is based mainly on: 1) the stock of top 20 clients, depending on the customer’s inventory week, the number of days to be transferred, the replenishment cycle, etc.; 2) nto (newtapeout), the new product, and so on.
In general, one year ahead of the mass production cycle, the present accumulation of the nto situation represents essentially the demand for the next year's overall product: 3) from mobile phones, consumer electronics and industry, three quarters of the small recovery from new products and a switch in smartphones is mainly characterized by seasonality and is expected to take place in 2024
Market demand is not as high as expected; advanced processes are not progressing as expected; mature processes competition is increasing; geopolitical risks: exchange rate volatility risks. Data used in this report are derived from what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.