On July 3rd, Soft Motivation and the New Genesis Technologies of Shanghai (hereinafter "Intelligent")
"Soft + hard" works together to push robots towards industry and family reality.
\triangleright, a world-class innovation in the use of i+ robotics to create world-class smart robot products and applied ecology.
A team of top scientists in the field of artificial intelligence, innovation and platform resources (Shanghai Institute of Artificial Intelligence) is integrated and complementary, with deep core technology, industrial management experience, and industrial resources. Forbes China's Global List of New Unicorns 2023 and Forbes China's 2023 Chinese Creative Power Company
Industry 50 is strong, and "In 2023, the Unicorn 100 is strong." As a leading domestic software business, soft power will fully integrate hardware, software, ai capabilities, and push human robots to scale to industrial, home-based realities.
Soft energy, as a leading domestic software enterprise, has built the robotic and intelligent key technological body through long-term accumulations in robotos, hardware development, multiple \triangleright model models, industry models, etc.
Yes: 1) crane robotos: Building a dedicated, real-time operating system for machine-adapted human-situation applications based on a deep powered basic software development capability, contributing to the growth of robotics ecological applications. 2) Ingenuity and industry
Large data: The robotic production line of the powered tinless smart plant, which supports the rapid diffusion of human robotic body technology and opens up intelligent production scenes and large industrial data, and jointly develops smart manufacturing scenario solutions, plus commercialization of rapid human robot industrial scenario applications. 3) Large modeling capacity: soft power has full capacity.
1. Soft Dynamics (301236.sz) Dynamics Report: Soft artificial intelligence and large model service capabilities, with the launch of the Soft Skill 2.0 Maas platform, with scarce aipc taps in industry, education, hard-to-do all-store layouts - 2024/
Construction of industry models in the areas of finance, public services, etc., to better adapt robots to the mission and environment of a particular industry. 4) Multimodel capabilities: in collaboration with the team of Professor Lu Zhiwu of the People ' s University of China, the soft power has achieved remarkable results in the production of generic models of multimodules, and in the number of robots that upgrade humans.
A 24-year quarterly review: Full-scale domestic production base soft and hardware, long-term potential for 2024/04/30 model interactive capacity, and the value of enhancing its ability to adapt to multi-sphere generalizations.
In 2023, the company explicitly mentioned robots in its R & D inputs and related projects: in a single machine partner, "soft plus hard" is the key to growth.
In the context of the project, the company has launched a financial non-banking company, a direct-ai robot in the United States of America; an educational road 2023/11/13, a single machine product and solution, an rpa standard curriculum and training capacity in the field of education.
Soft power (301236.sz) Tri-quarter 2023 Investment proposal: corporate brand hardware plus three basic software + aipc year, and corporate management of industrial transformation aipc, building itself in the future.
This collaboration also means that the company will actively explore robotics and make full use of the "soft eyes for long-term growth" - 2023/08/25.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.