Sinjiyama, consulting implementation and other services, soft power (301236.sz)
The acquisition of high revenues driven by co-authors continued to deepen cooperation 11 September 2024 The acquisition of co-owners ' high revenues driven by computers started to yield results in the reduction of efficiency gains.
\triangleright Market Data: September 10, 2024, the Division completed the acquisition of computers with $3.910 billion in revenue from the first half of the year.
The value of the company's sales, management, and circulationa shares in the first half of 2024 (in billions of dollars): the company's collaboration with China's software and hardware ecology has continued to deepen. 1) The hardware ecology: the company's growth in the first half of the year.
Introduction of a new generation of generic servers based on the X920 processor, a tungai server, and a workstation product based on the treasuries card, while building a soft and hard integration solution in conjunction with the company ' s own accumulation of software, with a projected gradual roll-out of a single database machine and distributed storage
2) Software ecology: the open source aspect, the first six months of the company was created as a unit for the first project of the OPENHARMONY ETC preparatory group, leading and participating in the publication of several harmonized interconnection technical standards, the first of which was achieved with Harmonyos.
At the same time, the company, in association with the Ai An United, built the “Ai Hong” park pavilion project, with the smart information screens, face-to-face access to the swanlinkos operating system, which is based on Openharmony.
In addition, in the case of open-source Ora, the company based its self-researching enterprise operating system, which is based on open-sourcer 22.03.sp3, has been completely upgraded.
The company, as a leading provider of domestic IT services, has continued to deepen its collaboration with Chinese software and hardware ecology, with technological research and development risks. With new developments in the fields of aigc, cloud computing, big data, industrial Internet, etc.
\triangleright is becoming increasingly technology-intensive, the company's IT service sector is at a rapid stage of development, and product technology and customer demand are on a fast and iterative trend, and if future corporate technology R & D does not progress as expected by the market, it will continue to grow.
\triangleright will develop the company's operations if the growth of downstream demand continues to slow in the future due to macroeconomic pressures, among other things.
Management risks associated with rising human costs and scale expansion. The company’s IT service industry is \triangleright in a knowledge-intensive industry with relatively high human costs, and its employees’ remuneration is the company’s operating costs and time-related costs.
As the size of the company continues to expand, the size of the workforce increases, placing greater demands and challenges on the management of the company’s operations. At the same time, if the cost of manpower rises significantly in the future, it will also have a negative impact on the company’s performance.
Client concentration of risk. The income share of the company’s main customers is more sticky than business, and if the main customers fall in demand or prices for the company’s business as a result of changes in the country’s and abroad’s macro-environment or its own business situation, they will have a negative impact on the company’s production operations.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.