2024 semi-annual review: the new business architecture completed its first appearance, building on "Soft and Hard Synergy + Autonomously Controlable" industry closure on 04/09/2024
The firm’s growth strategy for the “Four Businesses” was defined, and the “Four Businesses” business architecture was completed for the first time. The size of the company’s collections increased significantly on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the acquisition of computers by the same party early in the year, and the increase in the scope of the consolidated statements.
The new business growth module is being implemented along with the long-term layout of digital energy and intelligence services as new and emerging businesses, with a significant expansion of international markets. From a revenue collection structure, the software and digital technology services module collects $8,513 million, or 67.97 per cent, and remains ahead of the share of the core large client business in key sectors such as ict, finance, Internet, operators, etc.
Calculated $3.910 billion, or 31.22%, of the product and digital infrastructure service plate, with a cumulative score of nearly 30 product markers over the period, staying steady in the first line of the industry. 96 million, or 0.76%, of the digital energy and intelligence service block, working with local governments and industry as emerging businesses.
Intelligent International has launched a multi-sale-showing product, such as the Mechanical Revolution Dragons series, and has taken the lead in publishing aipc; computing the business of aircraftodm covers 30+ clients from over 18 countries in Asia and the Pacific, Europe, and Latin America. Internationalized business plates, developed and developed on a ship-by-sea and local basis, steadily advancing North America and Japan, accelerating the deployment and expansion of operations in South-East Asia and the Middle East.
We believe that: (1) China ' s 2024 h1 income (+34.3 per cent), net profits (+18.2 per cent) and continued healthy performance are expected to yield continued benefits for future strategic partners, including companies., 2, corporate software and digital technology, initial integration of computing product and digital infrastructure service modules, operational synergies, potential for managerial upgrading, no
It could have a strategic effect of 1+1 >2. 3. As the global core partner of the Nvidia community and the fourth largest global client of the geforce product, it's one of only two authorized odms on the mainland of China, and the future is promising.
The depth has benefited from aipc upgrading of the market. Lu Jung-eun achieved a one-quarter loss of a profit, business net cash flow of the same year, and a significant rise in the ring ratio in the 2024 q2 season.
At the profit end, influenced by a series of adverse factors, such as increased competition in the industry, a decline in client offers, and an increase in human costs, the reporting period was one hundred and twenty-eight million yuan, a net profit of one hundred and twenty-two hundred and seventy-seven million yuan (q1) and a gradual recovery of performance. At the asset end, the end-of-year corporate asset liability rate was 53.58 per cent, an increase of 21.45 pcts over the end of the previous year.
At the end of the cash flow, the company improves the efficiency of repayments and tightens expenditure management, and the net cash flow generated by its operations in the first half of the year
At $371 million (+57.89 per cent), cash outflows from operating activities decreased by $510 million compared to the same period in the previous year; q2 Quarters were evaluated in 2023: new business was robust, with “net cash flows from hardware and software camp activities amounted to $1,012 million, which was more than 10 times higher than the previous year, and the ring was reversed (q1 was positive)
2023 semi-annual: Digital innovation shows resilience and is now in the throes of product planning, business integration, management upgrades, and overall management efficiency in the future is still being assessed as much as 2022 & 23q1: strategic emerging sectors are fast-tracked
Increased product, business, and research and development innovation inputs to build “soft and hard synergies + self-controlled” industry shut-downs. Companies are driven by innovation to accelerate technological innovation capacity-building around “ai+.” Data elements, etc., to promote smart manufacturing Base building, and to accelerate research and development on new-generation products such as servers, single machines, aipc, Hong Menpc, etc.
In terms of innovation research and development, the Corporate Strengthening Group, the Innovation and Technology Institute, which has set up the Robotic Research Institute and the aipc Academy; the human robotics business, which works with the Ji-won and the robots; and the software and hardware products, which further expand the development and development of their own brand basic software.
Softly calculates the launch of the new generation of universal servers, the tungai server product, the launch of the first green computer model, "A7000" in partnership with Intel; and the launch of aipc high-calculable mobile resolution program led by Smartline International. On the forward layout, the company built a long triangle by strengthening three bases: tin-free, Suzhou, and Tonzhou.
"and "Kyotsu" , building smart manufacturing and supply chain management capabilities, and establishing close ecological partnerships with global technology firms through the oem+odm model. Companies combine productivity and intelligence, building complete industrial chains and promoting production efficiency.
In the future, the company will gradually contribute to the strategic transformation and business development of the organization, working to create industry-led, reliable and quality services and continuously upgrading client service capabilities.
In our view, the company is currently in the throes of product planning, business integration, management upgrading, and future corporate management downstream demand is less than expected; technology has accelerated; and competition in the market has increased.
This report has been prepared by China Air Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). This report is not intended to be sent or for any dispatch, release, release, etc.
The copyright of the material in this report belongs to the public or resident in any area, country or other area under its jurisdiction in which it is available or used to make SAC and its associated companies in violation of local laws or regulations or to subject the SAC securities to its laws or regulations. The copyright of the material in this report is a SAC security unless otherwise indicated.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report are provided only for your reference purposes and are not intended as an invitation or an invitation to another person to sell or purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments.