China collaborates in ecological depth, starting a “soft and hard” - a study of corporate dynamics (301236.sz) — on multi-line development of cross-cutting operations that are expected to reverse short-term losses
Baoyc@cfsc.com.cn Soft Power focuses on providing end-to-end software and digital technology services and digital operations services for multiple industry clients such as communications equipment, Internet services, finance, high technology and manufacturing.
In 2023, the company realized operating income and the boom industry earned $8.348 billion / $6.411 billion, compared to the same share, mainly because the company completed co-computers and co-companies at the end of January 2024.
Cost increases such as the initial integration of operations, organizational connectivity, interest payments on M&A loans, combined effects of fluctuations in market demand during the spring season, competition in prices of core large clients and expiration of value added tax plus offset policies.
In the area of digital innovation services, companies are able to fully deepen their advisory and solution services, cloud intelligence, open-source innovative business services such as Open-ended Man/Ola/Goss, Industrial Internet, Enterprise Management Software, Digital Infrastructure and System Integration Services.
In the case of digital operating services, companies are committed to connecting their businesses through digital technology and data capabilities, among other things.
To help enterprises to improve their business operations and management models in a more efficient manner, to upgrade the enterprise's whole-chain management of products or services from awareness to transformation, to achieve product value transfer, to enhance user experience and to drive business growth.
China is an eco-heading partner, Hung Men/Ora/Goss all over the world, and from 2018 to 2018 to 2021h1, it has always maintained the company's top customer status. From 2018 to 2023, the company's revenues from the top clients continued to rise to $6,437 million, accounting for the company.
As China's core partner, the company will continue to benefit and deepen its participation in ecological areas such as Hong Meng, Ola, Goss, Xing, Digital Energy, and Cao Gu. In March 2022, the soft power created a subsidiary, Hung Hu Wanqing, to be funded by China's Hubble.
5% of the shares became the first openharmony eco-manufacturing partner in China. On the open source side, the Hong-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung-Hung has developed the first global swanlinkos operating system with a cross-command set based on openharmony.
Strategic collaboration with leading companies. Three industry commercial distributions, 10+ development packages, 30+ eco-partners have been launched, 50+ commercial equipment has been adapted and commercialized successfully in coal mines, electricity, etc.
The swanlinkos commercial pc release (Beta version) is the first nationally owned pc end-distribution operating system based on the openharmony-based architecture of the x86 platform, marking the availability of a pc end hardware base for the openharmony ecology.
The development provided a solid foundation. Soft power ranked ahead of the main openharmony store code contribution by July 2024, and code modification ranked fifth. Open-source Ora, soft-powered enterprise version server operating system OSseos (issueos) completed
Compatibility with the mainstream national production server cpu/database/intermediator, release of the one-stop service tool chain and platform tool, successfully winning the second mark of China's mobile “Cylon Smart Center Project on Migration Technical Services for the Operational Systems of Provincial Specialized Companies 2023-2024”.
On the open source side, the company self-researched the commercial distribution of the database based on the opengas core, the crane db (issuedb), the introduction of products such as the crane multidatabase management platform, and a number of joint solutions such as insurance and fund management based on the crane database.
On 31 January 2024, the company completed the acquisition of computers and co-authors and transferred them under the name Soft Computation/Intelligent International.
Business income was $4.4 billion/9.59 billion, and the Māori rate was 8.39 per cent and 5.88 per cent, respectively. Softton added to the company to fill the hardware layout of servers, pc, etc.
On May 30th, 2024, Soft and Soft Combination released the intel ' s national first one-in-one machine, which conforms to the green computer code.
In the area of aipc, IKI has a consumer-type computer branding revolution (mechrevo).
Second, the annual sales volume is about 700,000, and the annual sales amount is almost 4.6 billion. In recent days, the mechanical revolution has launched an ai pc product, a 15-Long-Long-Longer version, and a 16/15 series of an ai-enjoy. As China’s first service provider to the harmonyosconnect, the soft power is in the ai.
The development of pc follows the technical standards for generation ai and introduces large industry models such as a product and insurance, such as the Skype maas platform. The company will continue the business approach of “a full-product technology route + a full-product category” with its computer.
Slightly, fully utilizing the technological advantages and capabilities of co-computers at the hardware manufacturing level, interconnecting with corporate software development capabilities, building a soft and hard-integrated smart-measurement programme, building a new development model for full-scale computing products and solutions for “products plus services plus marketing”, and helping companies to move from soft.
We see the company as a leading partner in China’s head office and in the software and information technology services industry, with a steady increase in the overall technology profile in the aipc field.
(1) management risks associated with the rising human costs and the continued expansion of the software and information technology services industry; (2) risks of technological innovation to maintain and enhance the competitiveness of firms; (3) risk of concentration of clients due to higher income ratios of major clients to business sticky; (4) taxation
The areas of expertise include cloud computing, network security, and artificial intelligence.
Im Chunyang: Master of Economics, Huadong Teacher Training University, 6 years of experience in the securities industry, November 2021 joined the League Hua Wenlong: Master of Finance, Monash University, Australia
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.