Strongly recommended (maintain) marketing changes or new growth points for future performance, champions, and certainty of enabling growth
At the first interim shareholders meeting of the year, the new Chairman of the Board, Mr. Tin Yujun, stressed that “in terms of reform, reform of modern management, asset management, marketing systems and price system reform has been introduced.” In 2016 to date, Mao Dai has focused on streamlining its distribution channels, mainly in terms of: 1) strict governance channels.
(b) Actively engaging in over-sales recruitment, introducing power-marketing quotas, and actively developing direct channels to promote firm flattening and further improve company price control.
As marketing reform progresses, the poo-price system will become more marketable. The current unsubscriptive demolition orders have been lifted, demonstrating the firm’s willingness to reform, we believe.
The company’s upgrading of the company’s direct-account ratio will raise the price control, and the price of the factory will rise. The current price for the standard bottle is $969/bottle, while the market price for the bulk bottle is in bulk.
Around 2600 bucks/bottles, the direct-source increase will boost the company’s revenue and profits. When the market is set at $1499-3000 per bottle, the direct-camp system will raise the revenue of $530-2031 for each bottle sold at the Guizhou station.
At the end of the product, the market’s performance is expected to be higher. At the end of the product, the production of the mahogany has an advantage in geography, making it impossible to recover.
(b) At the end of the brand, the pottery always adheres to the "state wine" position, which captures the consumer's mind and creates a stronger branding power among the consumer population; at the end of the channel, the pottery is always in place.
The two-wheel drive effect is clear, the white wine tap does not change the dominant position of the hero channel, is strong in the words of the dealer, and it is easier to control the channel.
The top ten liquor companies in the business have a high market profile, 34.89% in the last three quarters of 2021, and 2021.05.27 is the top and top of the industry. Products, brands, and channel control are all in line.
This year’s valuation has been sufficiently digested, and the current valuation is in a more reasonable range, taking into account Mao’s strong branding capacity and the continuous innovation of marketing channels, and the company’s ability to grow in performance in the future.
To be strong and clear, it is a core asset worthy of a long-term deployment, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating. Marketing reform is not as fast as expected: price hikes have been difficult to deliver, releasing bias in performance: sales are not.