We're far away, we're accelerating the reform, we're on the way (for the first time) to three seasons of steady growth, with little volatility in profitability.
90.83 per cent, and 0.23 pct less, the increase in the ratio of alcohol to alcohol in the series is due to the cash received for the sale of goods in the current period and the increase in funds received by other members of the group by the company ' s financial company, a company-controlled subsidiary, the Kuotai Group.
▪ The series of liquors continues to grow at a high rate, and the direct channel continues to function. In terms of products, 64.992 billion yuan, or 8.1 per cent, was collected in 2021q1-q3 khoose camps;
22.40 billion yuan, or 5.5 per cent more; 3.48 billion yuan, or 48 per cent more, in the liquor store series. 2021q3, or 13.6 per cent, and 3.5 per cent more, the wine chain continues to grow, with the company walking more smoothly on both legs. On the channel, 2021q1-q3 is straight.
At the end of August, it was important to see a change of command at the end of August, with the Toshio Army acting as the company's chairman and proposing changes to the company.
Direction: Marketization and legalization, releasing positive signals. Recently, the Maotai cancelled the Poo-flying and unpacking order, adding a bottle of 12 bottles of bottle size per box, which was dedicated to opening up zero, to meet the differentiated needs of the target group.
During the 1455s, the optimal adjustment of the hut tower was an important point of view, divided mainly into price swaps, product adjustment structures, and channel adjustment structures. In terms of prices, companies have removed the policy of unbundling containers, returned to marketization, and it is expected that the prices of the lean and scattered batches will continue to shrink, and we anticipate that the price will continue to shrink.
In terms of product structure, we believe that companies will continue to adjust the share of non-target products to higher tonnage prices, as confirmed by the price increases for non-target products since this year; the structure of the series of alcoholic products will continue to be optimized.
In-house implementation of the `big one' strategy, with the `1+n' package centred on the Maotai Prince's wine, the Hanzai and Guizhou tunes have become one billion-grade monoliths. The reshuffling of channels is another important point during the 1455s, and the future distribution quota will be maintained.
Change, companies will focus on opening up direct channels (including self-employment, electricity, business super-business, corporate acquisition, etc.). Since 2018, companies have increased their focus on investing in direct channels, especially during such seasons as Mid-Autumn and Spring Festivals, which are followed by national super-highs.
The city, such as Yonghui, regional supermarkets, as high as they are, power suppliers, such as Skycat, and Kyouta, have signed quotas for low-end distribution channels, increasing the breadth, depth and frequency of contact with consumers and increasing the opening rate of low-rises that year.
We continue to watch the brand moat, the medium- and long-term pattern of high-end alcohol remains stable, and the performance of the titanium needles is still evident. We expect that the years 2021-2023 will be doubled, with the first coverage, with a “recommended” investment rating.
Subtract macroeconomic risks, epidemic consumption, energy expansion less than expected, growth of the camp channel less than expected, reform process less than expected, fast-tracking prices  Food and Beverage Group profile
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, collection of hot beverage plates, in-depth study of the white and wine industry, etc.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or not for, the specific submissions or opinions contained in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.