Guozhou Maotai (600519): direct camp to Biti, performance growth is on the rise.
Guizhou Maotai Liquor Co. Ltd., a brand-new industry in the country, produces and sells 126.100 million, or 12.35%, of the world’s three most famous wines. Income and profits are largely in line with expectations.
One of the low-level, high-school, low-level, high-level wines is growing at a smooth pace, and the series is growing at a pleasant rate. 21q3 is earning $22.4 billion, together with more than 70 varieties in three series of low-grade, extreme products.
A 5.5 per cent increase, a 3.48 billion increase, a 48.1 per cent increase in the same year, and an increase in the same year's share of the same line of wine in the market, thus occupying a higher position in the white market than in the Chinese market.
3.5 percentage points to 13.63 per cent. The Māori rate of 21q3 - 0.23 percentage points to 90.83 per cent, with the Māori rate falling mainly due to the excellent performance of the series. In the first three quarters of the company, there were 62 more dealers, mainly in the soy sauce series, and 13 fewer dealers, mainly in the mahogany series, also reflecting the better quality of the series.
In the first three quarters, direct sales went up to $14.69 billion, a year-on-year increase in the reform of the new chairman, and performance growth continued unabated. After the new chairman, Mr. Tin Yu, took office, he conducted production research and strengthened communication with many others, and the company's policy of opening up was recently completely eliminated.
The prospect of falling prices for the whole box shows a stronger willingness to reform the company. We expect to fly next year to further increase the direct-camp ratio, increase the amount of non-barrel investment, further adjust the structure of the series, optimize the product structure, and keep the company growing. In the medium and long term, the company's brand is growing.
Production capacity has expanded and is expected to remain high during the 1455s. The price equivalency valuation is 43 times, with a 52-fold rating strongly recommended, taking into account the stability and growth space of the company’s long-term performance.
Weixy@dxzq.net.cn The Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Maotai, Guizhou (600519).
The research assistant gives an overview of the researcher's own views.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.