Mandarin, Guizhou (600519). Direct sales outlets showed a remarkable performance, with a series of liquors continuing to grow. The Division achieved business income of 77,053 million yuan, an increase of 10.75 per cent over the same period. Direct sales channels were outstanding, with a series of alcohols continuing to grow. 202103 yuan.
The sales of singles, the profitability of the country’s liquor industry, and the world’s wine industry, company number one (latest) basics.
By September 2021, there were 62 new distributors in the country (mainly serial liquor dealers), down by 13 (primarily front-line liquor dealers).
The sales channel generated $14,685 million, a significant increase +74.14 per cent, representing a slight decrease from a series of alcohol releases to Māori, and a good control over the cost during the period.
With a 10.5 per cent increase, the first three quarters have largely completed their tasks at the same pace, and the target is likely to be met successfully throughout the year: (ii) the company is moving ahead with the 30,000-ton sauce system, the Liquor Reform project in an orderly manner, and the release of additional capacity is expected to further support future performance;
(3) The company ' s new product entered the pipeline smoothly during the mid-autumn period of 1935, offering a price of $788 per bottle and a retail instruction price of $1188, which has helped to boost the growth of the series of liquors; (4) since the arrival of the new Chairman of the Maotai, it has clearly been proposed that the market should be marketed and the rule of law should prevail
As a guide to the reform of channels, we believe that as the reform of channels advances and corporate brand influences, companies rely on the industry's absolute vanity, product and channel structure optimization and capacity growth, which will be sustained over the long term.
• Profit forecasting: we maintain previous forecasts, company position 2021-2023, the scarcity of brand names, the continued upgrading of future direct-camp channels to maintain “recommended” risk, direct-market-channel reform, food safety, etc.
This report is prepared by Chinese securities only for the customers of Chinese securities. The company does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
The report is objective and impartial, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal push for anyone. ]
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial situation and specific needs, and consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc.