The reason for this report is that the three-quarters report has made steady progress, and the series of wines are growing faster.
During the first three quarters, 77,053 million yuan was collected, representing an increase of 10.75 per cent over the previous three quarters, a net profit of 37.26 billion dollars, a double-digit increase in performance and a rising direct share. The company achieved a total operating income of 77,053 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2021, an increase of 10.75 per cent over the previous three quarters, and a net profit of 37,266 million for the mother, an increase of the same year.
At the end of 2021q3, there were 2,095 domestic distributors in the company, representing a net increase of 49 (an increase of 62, a decrease of 13), mainly among dealers in the sauce series, and a decrease in the number of vendors in the market.
Basic data: The net profit fell slightly on 31 December 2020 and cash flow was good. The company ' s net interest rate for sales in the first three quarters of 2021 was 53.02 per cent, a decline of 0.32 pct compared to the previous quarter, specifically: 1) Māori sales in the first three quarters of 2021 were 91.19 per cent.
The cost of services was -0.8 per cent, a decrease of 0.58 pct over the same period, mainly due to interest charges on commercial bank deposits for the current period, resulting in net cash flows from operating activities of $36,752 million, an increase of 46.36 per cent over the same period.
28th floor of ITC at 69th West Street, Taiwon City City, 5th floor, opening year, business target 2021: gross operating income increased by about 10.5 per cent from the previous year.
The two-digit growth in performance during the first three quarters was maintained, and the year-round target was strong with the arrival of the season.
Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. is concerned about marketing systems, price system reform: marketing price system reform must be reoriented in a market-based manner.
Retailing channels to optimize brand price systems; investing in the return to commodity properties and maintaining a tight balance between supply and demand; and promoting digital empowerment and the creation of a crm system to provide consumers with equal opportunities.
In the medium-to-long term, we believe that the paucity of the huts, the high-channels, the security cushions built on the mounds, and the arrival of the new handsome will give rise to a new dynamism that will help companies to grow. Food security risks, macroeconomic downsides, will cause high-end alcohol prices to drop dramatically, and the epidemic will spread.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.