You've got 3 q on your mark, and the new guy's coming to show you the new weather.
In the first three quarters of the bulletin, revenue was 770.5 billion, an increase of 10.7 per cent, resulting in a net profit of 37.27 billion, an increase in direct sales, for example. In the first three quarters, income was 65 billion, an increase of 8.1 per cent, and $9.54 billion, an increase of 36.3 per cent.
The same-year increase of 5.5 per cent and the revenue from the series of wines of $3.48 billion, or 48.1 per cent more than the previous three quarters, took into account the modest growth in the volume and volume limits and the smooth growth of the main-stage alcohol, but the changes in the structure of the channels remained a cause for concern, with revenue from direct sales falling to $14.69 billion in the previous three quarters, an increase of 74.1 per cent compared to the previous three quarters, with the ratio rising to 74.1 per cent.
19.7 per cent of channel revenues of 59,850 million, an increase of 1.8 per cent, of which 3o earned $5,180 million. On the same price side, the combined output was exceeded by a total of more than 7,500 tons of double-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-t fifty-thirty-five-thirty-thirty-t fifty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-t fifty-thirty-thirty-tty-thirty-thirty-t-thirty-thirty-thirty-t, respectively.
8000 tons) and the strict enforcement of the policy of unpacking and selling containers, the price of which has remained at around 2800 yuan, the current policy of opening and opening of pots of wine except for flying skyscrapers is known to have been completely eliminated, the next step is likely to be the cancellation of unpacking and the market policy is time-sensitive, as the terminal price moves to the rational zone.
The move back, the phasing out of the boxing policy, is also justified, and is in line with the previous proposal by the Shareholders’ Congress for a market-based approach, influenced by a multiplicity of factors, such as supply and demand. The new director is now in charge.
At the end of September, when the company held its provisional shareholders' conference, it made clear that the future would follow the five-line development path of “Blue, Green, White, Purple, Red”, which was blueprint planning, environmental protection, mental re-launching, Man.
We believe that under the leadership of the new handsome, the company will continue to deepen its management, products, channels, etc., and present a new climate.
In the short term, 40 are traditional seasons and market policy is still on track, but the report was prepared by the distributor, Chinaresearchdept. The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... were not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.