The series of liquors has grown strongly, direct sales have boosted profit release, and the revenue growth of 11.05% is largely in line with the target of 10.5% annual growth. The profit end continues to rise, and the net profits of the company have increased faster than the revenue growth rate of 2.51 pct in three quarters alone, mainly in direct sales terms.
Further ups; net profit growth of 10.17 per cent for q1-3, which is roughly the same overall growth as income growth. 21q3, the company ' s Māori ratio was 90.83 per cent, a decline of 0.23 pct from the same year, mainly in a series of alcohol revenue growth of billions, operating net cash flows of $15.33 billion, and cash flows were good. As of the end of the third quarter, the company ' s books were good.
The advance of $9.137 billion, which is almost the same as at the end of the last quarter, has further reduced the amount of money spent on dealers since this year, and the speed of delivery has increased.
\triangleright grid contribution; the series of wines generated revenue of $3.48 billion, an increase of 48.09 per cent over the previous four consecutive quarters, is now growing at a rapid and positive pace, with a growth rate of 10.36 pct over the third quarter.
The rapid growth of the series is a microcosm of soy sauce fever in recent years, and as channels are put in place and productive capacity released, the series will become another growth pole for the company.
The channels are in place, and the share of direct sales has risen steadily. 21q3 companies have reduced only one dealer, and the \triangleright reforms are almost over.
Mandarin, Guizhou (600519); direct sales of Biti 100 million, an increase of 57.96 per cent over the same period, well above the increase of 1.94 per cent in distribution channels; direct sales channels are compared to the Guizhou Mao, 600519: net tax payments
Profit forecasting and investment rating: since the new leadership took office, the company has strengthened its relationship with shareholders and investors \triangleright
Guohai Maotai (600519), with a slightly ahead-of-the-way performance, offers a blueprint for “five-line development”, releases positive signs of price control, promotes market and legalization of the price of the Mautai wine, returns the tau wine to the commodity identity, and provides accurate services to the consumer through digitalization.
Kodak, Guizhou (600519) Recapitulation 2020, Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty: risk of political opinion due to fast price increases
In Shenzhen, it was planned for a study by the National Land Commission (NSF) on the valuation of real estate tax bases, focusing on macros and ground.
Production, taxation, etc. In 2015, I entered the country with a sales + research experience, focusing on the industry and its shareholdings, with in-depth research and follow-up on such sections as white wine, recreational foods, spices, frozen foods, etc., and with emphasis on valuation and inclusive thinking.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.