Deep South circuit (002916.sz)
The company is the largest pcb local enterprise in the country, with a 70 per cent share of its communications-related pcb revenue, while the public administration and the core supplier of equipment such as Chinese and Naking will have a significant pull effect on the need for pcb for base stations in the future, benefiting directly from the company as a domestic leader in communications pcb.
The company's capacity is currently expanding, and South China, with a tin-free capacity, is expected to be phased out in 2019. The largest local telecommunications pcb leader, roe, is better than his colleagues: according to Prismark, in 2017, the southern circuit ranked 21st in the world's pcb company, the only Chinese and domestic company in the top 30 manufacturers.
China is the largest customer of the company, accounting for nearly 30% of the company’s income, so that the company will be the one that benefits most from the development of the 5g industry. In terms of business performance, while the company’s Māori rate is not significantly better than that of the industry, the company’s clients are of good quality.
Good, and with a strong upstream bargaining power, long term accounts payable, and a high turnover of assets, driving its roe level to the forefront of the industry. 5g-led rapid growth in demand pcb: China is the first echelon of 5g development worldwide, with current spectrum distribution
Completed, 5g investment is expected to grow rapidly from 2019. The use of pcb in the 5g base station will increase relative to investment in 4g, while overall prices will increase by more than 50% as a result of the increase in the pcb layer, and together with conservative estimates of slightly more than 4g base station in 5g, we expect 5g on the mainland.
The pcb boosts more than $35 billion, several times as much as 4g. The company, as the largest indigenous enterprise in the country, is active in the 5g industry, currently producing circuit boards with a capacity of about 1.5 million square metres/year, deployed in Shenzhen, Tinless, and South China, and is expected to be new as the project reaches production.
An increase of 340,000 square metres in high-speed pcb capacity, with a strong performance growth dynamic.A ratio of institutional investors to liquiditya shares increased clearly throughout the year: in the first three quarters, corporate revenue and net profits grew by nearly 30 and 40 per cent, respectively,
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: In aggregate, we expect companies to realize net profits in 2018 and 2019. Deep South Electric Co. Ltd. was established in 1984 and is the largest pcb manufacturer in the country.
In terms of the size of the operation (figure 1), over the past 10 years, the company has benefited fully from the rapid development of the Chinese electronics industry, with a growth rate of 22 per cent in 2008 - 2017 and a net profit of $5.69 billion in 2017. With this, the company’s main business is currently composed of three major components: printed circuit boards, envelopes and electronic links.
1h18 The printed circuit board business accounts for more than 70% of the revenue, and its products are mainly used in the areas of communications, aerospace, industrial control (table 1), with 12% and 13%, respectively, of the enveloped board and the electronic assembly business.
The pcb sector, which is the base industry for the manufacture of electronic information products, is more affected by macroeconomic cyclical fluctuations, with a global growth rate of roughly the same as that of gdp and a composite growth rate of 1.1 per cent for 2008-2017.
China’s pcb output accounted for more than half of global output in 2017, and the trend toward a shift in global capacity to China is clear. With the rapid growth of the 5g, cloud computing industry, the global growth rate of the pcb compound is expected to be 3.2% in 2017-2022 (table 2), the rate of growth will increase significantly, while China will maintain a faster growth rate of 3.7%.
From downstream applications, communications, computers and consumer electronics have become three major applications for pcb, with the combined three domains accounting for nearly 70 per cent of total demand for pcb, and for the development of mobile Internet end-uses and extensive use of automobile electronics, the demand for pcb in communications and automobile electronics has continued to rise to the level of pcb applications.
The fastest-growing areas. In the future, as the electronic information industry continues to develop, the applications of the future pcb will evolve. Globally, 5g are becoming the biggest driving force for future industry development. According to the itu (International Telecommunications Union) time-flow target (figure 5), the 5g technology programme was completed by the end of 2017, and the technology programme was completed by the end of 2019.
The 32nd meeting completed the initial technical file of the 5g standard and established the 5g final technical specifications by October 2020 at the 36th meeting of the intu. At present, the Chinese Ministry of Industry and Communications has completed the distribution of the 5g medium- and low-frequency spectrum, marking the first echelon of global 5g development in China, while also implying the official opening of 5g investments.
Figure 5: Mobile data flows and units of acceleration in China: 1 billion gb, % versus 4g investments, 5g face greater integration and change at base stations, antennas and radio frequency devices, and printing circuit boards (pcb) will replace the original feed-and-power distribution networks and upgrade them.
Network capacity gains. As a result of the increase in the pcb layer, the overall price is expected to rise by 50%. Also, in volume terms, as a result of higher frequency and lower coverage, the 5g base station will increase by more than 4g base stations, with a combined estimate that the increase in pcb driven by 5g on the continent will exceed 35 billion yuan.
The company is the largest indigenous pcb leader in the country, and according to Prismark, 21st place on the deep south in 2017, the only Chinese-owned company in the top 30 companies. In terms of industry patterns, there are more than 1,500 pcb producers on the mainland, with a relatively fragmented market, with a market share of about 3% of companies and a larger future.
In terms of client structure, Chinese communications is the company’s largest customer, accounting for nearly 30% of the company’s income (figure 6), so that the company will be the one that benefits most from the development of the 5g industry. And, in terms of capacity, the company currently produces circuit boards with a capacity of about 1.5 million square metres/year, deep.
Shenzhen, Xin, and Nanton are deployed, and it is expected that as the project reaches production, the company will add 340,000 square metres of high-speed pcb capacity. At the same time, the company is actively working with clients to develop the next generation of 5g radio base station pcb products to provide high-speed, large-capacity solutions for the next generation of communication networks and equipment.
Third-party system certification, which has been initiated, is expected to release capacity gradually by the end of the year. We expect 21% and 26% growth in corporate pcb revenues by 2018-2019, respectively, and a steady increase in the overall Māori ratio.
In terms of profitability, the bulk of the company ' s products is mainly directed towards suppliers and operators of telecommunications equipment, and the relatively high quality of clients also makes the client ' s bargaining power more prominent, so that the Māori rate is in the industry.
Figure 7: The level of Māori industry in China compares, but at the same time, the advantages of a company’s higher premium capacity are also evident upstream. The rate of turnover of corporate accounts receivable is significantly faster than that of other enterprises (figure 8).
Figure 8: pcb accounts receivable turnover unit: Subsidiarily, while the company ' s Māori ratio is not significantly better than that of a listed company, the company ' s clients are of good quality and highly competitive upstream, with a high overall asset turnover and a high Roe standard at the top of the industry (figure 9/figure 10).
Figure 9: Gross asset turnover units of companies: sub: strong buy-in strongbuy (30%); buy-in Buy (30% > er ~ 10%) The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... were not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.