(a) IT technology hardware and equipment Deep South circuits: overperformance of the maximum forecast, generating a single-quarter high event: operating income of $5.36 billion in the first three quarters of 2018, or +26.64 per cent;
q3 battalion re-innovation with a steady increase in profitability: q3 achieved 2.095 billion yuan, compared to +41.22 per cent, ring to +19.00 per cent, net return to mother to $192 million, compared to +121.5 per cent, ring to re-innovation for reasons of good demand, q3 downstream communications equipment end-out volume
This growth was faster than in the same year; production began in July of the first phase of South Passon, where peak capacity utilization is currently climbing up to the middle order recovery; the idc server contributed a small portion of the pcb. Total equity/flow (million shares)
Deep South Circuit (002916) Pacific Securities - Electronic Industry - Deep South Circuit Depth Report: 5g+Pilot Dwelling, The brightest Star in the Night
- 2018/08/28 Over-predicted ceiling for performance.
Production and southward uphills; and production lines are better at q3 as a result of temporary production of some of the stockboard client orders at the dragon factory in the first half of the year, while production lines are more efficient and production lines have barely increased as a result of changes in the factory area.
The ratio is smaller than the same period in the previous year, prompting a rise in net interest rates. The ring ratio is slightly less volatile, is roughly consistent with the Māori rate change, and the ring ratio is not much higher than the Māori rate, mainly due to the impact of the slopes of the new input line, and the price of the orders does not change much.
The profit table: The cost increase is slower than the non-recurring gain or loss of $31.92 million, of which the government subsidizes $38.91 million.q3-quarter government supplementation, $34 million, corresponding to 60%, represents a decrease in exchange losses; of which q3 is exchange loss
(a) R & D costs of $250 million, or + 20 per cent, representing an increase in the next generation of communications technology, board development inputs;
+129 per cent due to construction expenditure on the Nanton, tin-free project; due to increased occupancy, relatively short lead times for high-end raw material suppliers, and increased product sales, resulting in partial idle fund-raising by companies for the purchase of property items;
(b) Short-term borrowing of zero dollars and repayment of prior-period bank loans of 160 million dollars;
(a) Fixed assets of $3.370 billion, or +19 per cent, representing an increase of $520 million over the beginning of the period, mainly due to the consolidation of production and investment in tin-free projects during the period of South Tong I;
Substream demand is good, pcb business is the heart of the company's profit owners:
People (later generic); mid-sung order recovery; small portion of pcb on the idc server; and enveloped base plate business revenue of about $640 million, Māori rate of about 30 per cent, Silicon Mac ratio of about 50 per cent, slightly higher than the second quarter ring ratio.
IUPAC operations generated revenue of $80 million, with a Māori rate of about 14 per cent. The business growth was mainly due to the absence of major production pcbs and boardboards in the SWF subsidiary, followed by new projects that were mainly stored. The storage board disclosed only RMB 826 million in the first half of the year, a net profit of RMB 40 million and a net interest rate of 4.8 per cent.
Nantoon produces high-speed communications, motor panels, which disclose only $17 million in revenue in the first half of the year, a net profit of $22.89 million, a loss in the first three quarters, an impact on the net profits of the company, a tax rate of 25 per cent, followed by a high-technology enterprise.
The Nanton project is gradually contributing incrementally, and the tin-free project is expected to come into production in mid-year next year, with medium- and long-term industrial fields, and the company has spent more than two years working with its clients to develop a 5g pcb product, offering high-speed, high-capacity solutions.
The July phase of the project began small-scale production, planning for an annual capacity of approximately 340,000 square metres of  motorists (talent reserves, later projects common), and adequate land and environmental indicators for subsequent expansion stocks, which are gradually advanced in line with downstream demand.
With an additional capacity of about 600,000 square metres (about 220,000 square metres per year by the end of 2017) of the tin-free board project, it is expected to start production in mid-2019, mainly around the storage area, and the technology side The company in front of it has made a lot of reserves and some customers have to identify themselves at the new plant.
Certification (competer certification takes 2-3 years from the start) and now the company has a stock of long power, anchor, and three star board customers. We expect that the closed-link properties of the pcb supply chain will be strengthened under new generation communications, prior to this.
Certification of mass supply may take one to two years, and the first-run pcb company has won valuable development time. The semiconductor industry chain is a matter of national security, the demand for national production is strong, and the storage board will benefit first.
In the medium and long term, companies have the dual advantage of performance and valuation.
Super-predicted ceiling, one-quarter start-up, high annual growth, expansion and new business opening up new space
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.