The new energy automobile business continues to grow at a high rate: 2023h1 achieves sales revenue from the new energy automobile business.
Two hundred and sixty-seven million yuan, an increase of 47.71 per cent in the same year; the Māori rate for the new energy car & orbital transport category decreased by 1.82 percentage points to 19.10 per cent in the same year. In the area of new energy vehicles, companies introduced market-oriented new products and solutions, and spot-based soops led to a rapid increase in sales revenue, but by
The industrial automation lead industry, general automated business revenue and profitability have increased in tandem: 2023h1 corporate universal servo systems, low voltage transformer products have the highest share in the Chinese market and the city is the largest.
In the context of low demand in the industrial automation sector, the general self-motivated business achieved operating income of $6,855 million, an increase of 15.52 per cent over the same period; the Māori rate increased by 0.38 percentage points to 46.45 per cent over the same period.
The strategy is “up top down”, working with a number of industry top clients, and the capacity of the integrated solution “luminum, machinery, electricity, liquids, gas” is continuously improving; in terms of product technology, the company continues to deploy new products, breaking through high-end applications and breaking through bottlenecks in technology and solutions; and moving internally.
On the battalion side, the business line has continued to be deepened and the war zone model has been implemented. Speeding up the deployment of overseas operations, with higher rates of overseas income growth: 2023h1 companies earned 811 million yuan abroad, a significant increase of 136.77 per cent compared to the previous year; and the Māori rate, a rise of 2.84 percentage points compared to the previous year, reached 39.64 per cent.
Foreign revenues from imports, smart elevators, and electrical products have increased. Companies, driven by the needs of their overseas customers, are fully “internationalized” in the areas of clothing, R & D, supply chains, and are strengthening the European R & D Centre, while Hungarian factory construction projects are gradually taking place.
The manufacturing landscape is not as good as expected: price competition is too high: demand for the new energy automobile industry is not as high as expected.
Period: Unexpected expansion of new energy car customers: the impact of the epidemic is higher than expected: the cost of materials rises.
Mechanical equipment: automation equipment