In the mid-2023 period, Segawa technology released its mid-2023 report, with companies earning $12,451 million in the first half of 2023, mainly as a result of the company's pursuit of downstream market structural opportunities, new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, storage energy, etc.
Industry maintains a growth trend, adding to the company ' s core competitive advantages in terms of its own technology, brands and so forth, helping it to achieve better growth than industry, with sales, management, research and development (R & D) rates and financial cost rates under demand at the same time, respectively, by 2023h1.
Of this amount, US$ 2,221 million were collected by the general frequency transformer, US$ 2,897 million by the universal server system, plc&hmi $785 million by the plc&hmi camp and $346 million by the industrial robot. The company strengthened its market strategy by actively landing in the “sinking up” market.
Deeper cooperation among top clients to expand project-based/dispersed markets, increase market size, and achieve higher growth than industry. According to Wise Industry Statistics, 2023h1, the company ' s share of the domestic market is 15.4% for small plc, the second highest in industrial robotics.
2023h1 elevators are operating at a higher level than the industry, and the sop-based new energy truck collection has increased. 2023h1, the market demand in the elevator industry has recovered, and companies have adopted a proactive market strategy.
The business 2023h1 billing is better than the industry ladder, and the company ' s smart elevator operation is generating 2,368 million yuan, an increase of 7.33 per cent over the same period. In the case of the new energy automobile business, it is benefiting from a fixed-point vehicle collection of 2,967 million yuan, an increase of 47.71 per cent over the same period. The company continues to optimize large-scale orbital transport.
Actively promoting digitalization and internationalization. 2023h1, company digitization is dynamic in equipment intelligence, manufacturing intelligence, and digital energy. Provide automated + digital integration solutions in multiple industries.
In terms of internationalization, companies have advanced the international home-grown model to achieve better sales revenues in India, Europe, and South-East Asia. In terms of technology, companies have strengthened the European R & D Centre, which is geared towards automation, digitization, intelligence, etc.
Along with technology development, effectively supporting technology demand in overseas markets and increasing the firm’s core competitiveness in international leading technologies. On the supply chain, the company’s Hungarian factory construction is on the ground and is expected to achieve bulk production and delivery by the end of the year, which will provide a strong guarantee for a rapid delivery model abroad.
Investment recommendations: 2023h1 is focused on structural opportunities, with a strong edge, and the market share continues to rise, and if demand falls short of expectations, corporate performance will be constrained: (3) if raw material prices rise significantly, corporate performance will be put under greater pressure.
Note: The “market index” of this rating system,a the share reference point is the depth 300 index; the new three-board reference point is the three-board index. Investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “middle- and low-risk”, “stable” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium-risk”, “positive” investors only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” and “radical” investors to use our divisions
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.