23H1 performance meets expectations and faces structural constraints.
One billion yuan, representing an increase of 19.76 per cent in the same year; a net return of 2,077 million yuan, representing an increase of 5.17 per cent in the same year; a reduction of 36.50 per cent in the same year; a net return of 1.330 billion yuan, representing an increase of 5.75 per cent in the same year; general automation: the negative market share over the same period; and a slow recovery in the country in the first half of 2023.
\triangleright Market Demand Growth for Industrial Automation Industries is weak. The General Automation Department of Companies is actively engaged in a “sink-up” market strategy, increasing its depth of cooperation with top clients in various industries, and increasing project-oriented/disconnected markets.
Expanding efforts, 23H1 General Automated Operations generated revenues of $6,855 million, an increase of 15.5 per cent over the same period, the share of the company ' s General Server System in the Chinese market of about 24.3 per cent (ranked first); and the domestic product of the low-pressure transformer, Deng Yongkang.
The market share is about 17.5 per cent (ranked first); the domestic share of small plc products is about 15.4 per cent (ranked second); and the domestic share of industrial robots is 7.02 per cent (rank sixth), of which the market share of scara robots is about 22 per cent (second full brand, first internal capital).
New energy vehicles & transhipments: The revenues of new energy vehicles have grown rapidly as a result of spot-based soops. \triangleright’s rapid growth in the volume of new energy automobile production has led companies to benefit from fixed points in the area of new energy vehicles.
In terms of production assistant Xu Joon Cheol, the production capacity of the first stage of the Changzhou plant is steadily climbing, and part of phase 2 of the plant's production line layout is completed and local investments are initiated.
In terms of production rates, according to Ne-era statistics, the share of the 23h1 company ' s new power-borne motor control products in the Chinese market is about 9.2 per cent (ranked third), while the share of the power-controlled products is the first among third-party suppliers; the share of the total power-dried power-drilling in the Chinese market is about 5.1 per cent (ranked third).
vi) The share of new energy-borne motor products in the Chinese market is about 3.7% (ranked seventh). In the case of track traffic, the total number of new winning orders was 183 million, resulting in an operating income of 207 million yuan, an increase of 13.01% over the same period.
Smart Elevators: 23h1 elevator market needs are warmer, and the company as a whole has better singles than industry. 23h1 g. \triangleright 2. Sinkgawa Technology (300124.sz) 3-quarterly reporting point 2022
In terms of market expansion, large domestic auxiliaries grew better, by more than 20 per cent, and cross-border and overseas operations grew robustly, with Top multinational business clients increasing their share and overseas elevator operations increasing by 50 per cent.
6th quarter of 2022 report point \triangleright q1 quarterly review: Industrial Automation & New Energy Vehicles
Twenty-five years are divided into 34x, 27x, and 22x. The “recommended” rating is maintained.
Ongoing consolidation of the dual leader in industrial control, new energy automobile operations - 2021/08/24 Research findings from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.