Biannual performance forecast for 2023: performance meets expectations, business needs are good, new business is fast-tracked Keyword: #performance meets expectations # new products, new technologies, new clients
Due to the growth in new-energy automobiles and industrial robotics, industrial controls, and elevators, Māori rates are generally stable, cost-rate pressures continue throughout the quarter, and o2 profits are generally in line with market expectations. ▪ The overall Māori rate is stable, the industrial profitability ring is rising, and the cost side is still under pressure. 1) Māori
Rates are generally stable: due to a higher share of new low-mori energy vehicles and elevators than in the same period last year, we expect the Māori ratio to rise by the ring (which is the effect of the decline in raw materials and the steady increase in competition on the price side). 2) Cost increases: marketing & R & D costs increase by a higher rate than revenue and financial costs increase by a larger margin.
Reductions. 3) Impairment increases: credit and asset impairment losses increase significantly on the same basis; 4) non-reduced: higher gains and losses on fair value changes over the same period of the year, and lower fair value of q2 equity-type investment items on a year-on-year basis.
23q2 is in a weak recovery, companies are sunk in structural opportunities, energy, eu-related industries are looking at 23h2, industry controls are going through a two-year downward cycle, industry demand has been better since June, superimpositions are reported in the first quarter of 2023: industry is on the move.
Low base figure (Shanghai epidemic affecting Buster), 23q2 elevator order delivery is expected to be better, with a steady increase in judgment, depending on the year's target. 3) The new energy vehicle 23q2 has a high load of power-driven products, which we anticipate.
Revenues are expected to increase by +50% and profit ends are being reversed.  Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we maintain the company’s net profit returns of $5.4 billion in 2023-25.
Given the firm’s strong presence in the industrial-controlled sector, alpha, and the leading power- and electrical-controlled location, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.