In the first half of 2023, the first analysis of the Wu Ho power plant and the new energy industry was carried out.
During the year, as a result of the macroeconomic situation and patterns at home and abroad, the size of China ' s industrial automation market fell by about 2.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, but the general automation category of companies achieved a negative growth of about 15.52 per cent, with the leading share of major products.
24.3 per cent, first steady: low-pressure transformer products: about 17.5 per cent in the Chinese market, first; small-scale plc products, about 15.4 per cent in the Chinese market, second only to Siemens; industrial robotics, 7.02 per cent in the Chinese market, sixth.
The share of medium-sized scara robots in the Chinese market is 22%, second in rank, and top in the list of insiders. In the larger context of factory automation/intelligentization, companies are expected to continue to increase their share in downstream industries, based on the accumulation of product platforms and the advantages of custom-based solutions.
We believe that the current stock of industrially produced products is consistently lower than it is at present, and that the new stock cycle is gradual, looking at the potential dynamic growth of the industrial poles.
New-energy cars: The harvest has increased dramatically, and new-energy operations have expanded rapidly. In the first half of 2023, the new $1 billion, or 47.71 per cent more than the previous year. The share of the company ' s new energy-borne motor control products in the Chinese market is about 10 per cent, thanks to targeted sop and firm top-to-user cooperation strategies.
9.2%, ranked third after Biadi and Tesla, ranked first among third-party suppliers, and the future will be accompanied by a further increase in global penetration of new energy vehicles.
In the first half of 2023, the elevator industry resumed with the completion of the real estate industry, leading to the sale of the company’s smart elevator business.
The company followed the trend towards the intelligentization of the elevators, with a better growth rate of more than 20% in large domestic accompanies and a 50% increase in the overseas elevator industry. The company's elevator department followed up on the big customer projects and expanded the empty market.
We believe that the company’s elevator operations will remain relatively stable in the future, as a result of the real estate market. Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company’s net profit of 2023-2025 to be, respectively, the parent.
Risk factors: macroeconomic cyclical fluctuations, industrial policy adjustments, risk of rising raw materials prices
\triangleright Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research on the photovolt industry.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and electrical equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, 2022, and became a research assistant in the electricity equipment and storage industry at the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Chen Jie, a team member, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, 2022, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, 2022, in the lithium electric materials industry.
Sun-ran, Research Assistant for the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sindam Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, which is responsible for research on the industrial chain of industrial controls, chargers, and robotics. What components are not, are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly, related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.