Sinkkawa Technology (300124.sz) Wang Wei-chul is leading the market, and the robot wave is on its way.
Zhao Xudong concluded and suggested that the company is a highly automated industrial company in the first tier of the domestic servo system. At present, the department’s operations cover a number of new energy vehicles, storage, industrial robots, etc., and technology remains industry-led.
Now that robots are moving towards "intelligent" we're looking at the company's leading role in robotics, the company's share in general automation markets is leading, and the new energy business is growing at a faster rate: corporate self-evidentness (2023/7/4)
The domestic share of dynamic products has remained in the forefront, with domestic market share of subservient and small plc, respectively, increasing domestic demand for domestic production of core parts and components at macro-risks such as 12 months of high/low equity prices and international stress, and companies
On the other hand, the company's technology is increasing and the core products are competitive, and Hong Kong's central accounts are stronger. In the case of new energy cars, the company benefits from pre-positioning new power-driven power supply systems.
In 2022, the company ' s new energy automobile business achieved revenue of 50.88, after Bia Di and Tesla, the share of the company ' s new energy passenger motor controllers in the Chinese market was about 7%. The company has some branding influence.
In parallel with the company's cooperation, we've continued to promote the development of our business, the development of our uniforms, research and development, and supply chain platforms, and we're expecting an increase in global penetration of new energy vehicles, overseas spot-to-scaling, corporate industry, robotic development: corporate industrial robotic products cover scara robots, small six axes.
Robots, etc., focus mainly on industrial automation areas such as 3c, new energy, etc. According to smart industry statistics, product combinations, the share of corporate industrial robots in the domestic market was 5.2% in 2022, ranking seventh among them.
The share of scara robots in the domestic market is 17%, ranked second, and ranked first in the domestic brand. In terms of business performance, corporate industrial robotics collected 54.97% and Māori increased by 65.40% respectively in 2022, mainly because the company robotic control system and the server system are autonomous.
Technology, which gives companies better customization and cost control. In terms of industrial development, Tesla released an optimus-shaped robot in May, one x institutional investor as a share of the circulation a.
The technologies have also been launched in Europe and America, and the one with the “intelligent” industrialization is moving fast. From the industrial chain, server systems and high-precision threads are core parts of human robotics, with certain technical barriers: in the case of servo systems, companies have both automated and robotic operations.
In terms of staggers, the late start of high-end domestic staves and the spread of precision have become important directions for companies. In May 2023, the company completed its acquisition of Sbc in Korea, which added a new line of sophisticated straight-lined orbital products, allowing companies to further expand the "light, machine, engine."
In the short term, the company's project for the construction of a Hungarian factory in Europe has been launched, formally entering the global manufacturing system, and robotic policies have been introduced in Beijing, Shenzhen, etc.
The development of a robotic industry cluster would be of some benefit to the company: in the long run, when the population is ageing, the machines are becoming more humanly economic, and the products of robotic parts, such as company server systems, staves, have certain barriers and are expected to benefit fully from the "intelligent" wave. We expect 2023, 2024.
The report is not as developed as expected. The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Bonds (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.