Performance met expectations, GIVS showed a bright performance, SIRDC increased the GIVS replacement rate and accelerated the expansion of overseas operations in the first half of 2023.
Motivated operations generated $6.86 billion, an increase of 15.5 per cent; the Māori rate was 46.5 per cent, an increase of 0.6 pp, and the company continued to achieve a significant boost in the first half of the year in a weak recovery of domestic industrial automation, with a prominent advantage. In particular, the share of the general-server market rose further to 24.3 per cent, leading the second largest Wester.
The market share of the door was 13.7 percentage points; the market share of the low-pressure transformer was further increased to 17.5 per cent, exceeding the rate of abb to the highest in the country: the share of the small plc to 15.4 per cent, and we believe that the rise in the market share of the company has further consolidated the absolute dominance of domestic industrial control and has gradually reached a more saturated rate of national production.
In this case, the offshore market is more spaced, with companies achieving $810 million in overseas revenues in the first half of the year, an increase of 136.8% compared to the previous half, and overseas deployments accelerating to support long-term sustainable development. • New energy vehicles are growing rapidly, and further breakthroughs in commercial vehicles are expected to drive overall gains.
Six months ago, the company's power-driven and power-driven system, the towed system plate, generated $3.17 billion, an increase of 44.8 per cent over the same period, maintaining a higher rate of increase. In the case of motor vehicles, the electricity control system accounted for 9.2 per cent of the city, ranking third (the seat of third-party medallions); the power-driven total market, 5.1 per cent; and the electric power market, 3.7 per cent.
In addition, in the context of an increase in the penetration of commercial cars overseas, it is expected that the increase in the penetration rate of commercial cars will lead to a steady upward trend in the production structure of commercial cars.
On the market side, companies have offered digital solutions in many industries, including textiles and ports, which have developed in collaboration with their head customers. On technology, companies have developed a new growth curve.
An iterative version of the Buinocube digital platform enhances the platform's data base capabilities and strengthens core competitiveness.
2. SWITCH TECHNOLOGY (3000124): A little pressure on profits, plc rapid business development (2022-10-28) 3. SWITCH TECHNOLOGY (3000124): q2 bright performance, workers
Re-innovation in control of market share (2022-08-23) No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.