Nasda: Business is steadily moving forward, and chip operations are expected to generate revenues from the growth of printers and consumables in Nasida (002180.sz).
55.31 per cent of the total. The original printer and consumables operations have generated $919 billion.
Growth of 8.31 per cent; general-purpose consumption and spare parts generated 2,332 million yuan, down by the same year q2 quarter performance: 2023q2, with companies achieving operating income of $5,781 million, down by the same year \triangleright
Mau Wenwoo belongs to the parent company, minus $217 million net profit on non-recurring gains and losses, down by the same year.
1.34 percentage points. The Māori rate for raw printers and consumables was 30.36 per cent, down by \triangleright percentage point in the same year. In addition, the net operating cash flow of companies was $766 million, an increase of 953.24 per cent in the same year.
Largely as a result of optimized stock structures and controlled purchases by companies, LAI: overall sales have declined, but the efficiency of own brand printers has increased. In the first half of 2023, LA's international operating income was $1,021 million, a decline of approximately 11.83 per cent over the same period, a net decrease of 11.83 per cent.
Profit - $14 million, a 129.17 per cent decline in the same year. The overall sales of LCL printers have declined as a result of the slowdown in Oem operations, but LCL has taken full advantage of the competitive advantages of the market for medium- and high-end printers, focusing on its own brand business development and increasing sales of its own brand printers at the same time.
By about 12%, the market capacity of the LCL brand printer was strongly consolidated. Bento: The overseas market is growing fast and the industry’s trust is moving fast.
Operating income of 2,191 million yuan, an increase of about 3.68 per cent over the same period; withholding of non-net profit of $282 million, a decrease of 1.87 per cent over the same period. The volume of sales of Mercedes printers increased by about 11.21 per cent over the same year, of which the volume of sales out of the Map Sea market increased by more than 30 per cent over the same year.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Inc. contributes $176 million, or 8.03 per cent of operating income, an increase of 12 per cent over the same period.
In Beijing, the Black and White and Colored Photocopiers are moving in a planned fashion, and the company is expected to produce more products during the current year.
In the first half of 2023, the financial industry has grown by more than 200 per cent on a year-on-year basis: with excellent combined competitiveness, it has successfully won the bid of the Bank of Commerce and Industry of China, the Bank of Agriculture of China, the Bank of China, the Bank of Construction of China, the Bank of Communications and the Bank of Construction of China.
The purchase of printers by financial institutions, such as the Post and Post Bank of China, accounts for an absolute share in the purchase of printers in the financial sector, and the arrival of related orders during the second half of the year will be expanded. Polar microelectronics: harvests are affected by lower prices for chip products, which are lower than the company expected, but sales and sales are greater.
\triangleright won $225 million for non-printing chip operations; net profit was $148 million, a decrease of 67.35%.
In terms of R & D inputs, polar microscopic development has been the main driver of innovation.
A high proportion of R & D investment was maintained. In the first half of 2023, the polar ocean micro-research and development invested $231 million in general-use waste business: high-end branding continued to expand, with an increase in the city share. In the first half of 2023, 100 million yuan, a 42.75 per cent decline in the same year. In the first half of 2023, the utility business increased its high-end product base.
Prospective earnings and investment ratings: we think the company is a unit that can actually \triangleright in the field of laser printers.
The rare lock-ups in technology, patents, production and manufacturing, accompanied by a3 black and white and color copier production on the market this year, and the gradual recovery of the economy, with the hope that the credit market will warm back and that the company will continue to grow steadily throughout the year. We expect the company to be 2023-
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consultancy business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.