Events: The company announced that 55.780 billion yuan was collected in the first three quarters of 2022, an increase of 12.19 per cent in the same year; the return to the mother's circulation properties guaranteed a smooth harvest and a significant amount of five grains. 22q3, the company collected 1,455 million yuan, an increase of 12.25 per cent compared to 12.25 per cent, and the five grains still have a strong liquidity profile under brand power.
Liquor reports that in the eighth generation of food fluids, more than 50 per cent of the market has been marketed at the same rate this year, with Hunan, Ani, Oka and Jiangsu growing by more than two digits this year, especially during Mid-Autumn and National Day, where more than 10 markets have been marketed by more than 30 per cent, including Fujian and Liaoning.
The new retail channels have grown by more than 20% over the same period, and the markets of Hunan, Anhui, Oka, Zhejiang, etc., have grown by about 10%. For dealers, we believe that, despite limited profit margins, under the current economic environment, the five grain fluids remain one of the major risk-averse options.
At the end of the period, the company’s contract liability stood at 2,963 million yuan, an increase of 1,086 million yuan.
The fragrance series has a very low prevalence rate, and the cost of it has increased profitability. 22q3, the company has a \triangleright ratio of -2.82 pct to 73.29 per cent, mainly in the fragrance series, which is gradually released, with a ratio of more than five grains.
The product is low. During the Fourth of July, the average single-day consumer of five grains of wine opened a bottle with an increase of 91 per cent over the same period last year, the single-day bottle opened by five grains with an increase of more than three times the same, and the two-digit increase in the single-day bottle-opening volume of five grains of alcohol.
And the ratio - 1.09 pct to 14.13%, and the sales cost ratio - 2.77 pct to 11.45%, and the high-quality development strategy is firm and product and channel optimization continues to advance. Since this year, companies have insisted on a five-fruit solution (000858.sz): a flat amount.
To achieve the goal of 2118 as a development goal, sustained high-quality growth has been achieved. In addition to the eighth generation of five-generation grain fluids, companies have recombined and pushed the classic five-food fluids, cultural wine, low-drink wines, and five-food fluids (000858.sz): steady and moderate progress.
On September 2, a pilot pilot project for new retail outlets of the five grains - the “new retail platform of the five grains” microscopic pilot operation, designed to target the special staples, the five grains (000858.sz): the opportunity to push.
High-value, high-quality products, such as issue-based products, are moving quickly and efficiently, and the value of the products is rising steadily. It is planned that companies will actively expand their innovation channels, continue to expand online power suppliers, new zero sales channels, enhance brand promotion and consumer growth for face-to-face consumers, while optimizing traditional channels.
\triangleright Sindam Securities Inc.
Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; risk of recurring epidemics \triangleright
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing, where it worked on the National Social Affairs Fund in Shenzhen, China. In 2015, you entered the country with sales + research experience, and in 2020 you formed a food and beverage team. The research focused on breaking through the industry and the shares.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the CSRC-resented consultative status for portfolio investment.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.