In an effort to achieve year-round targets, the feedback from multi-regional marketing was good — the “2118” dynamic study of the five grains (000858.sz) had no change in the objective and the three had no change.
s1050551111005 Sonsss@cfsc.com.cn Current company adheres to four strategies: 1) To achieve 2118 for development
Goal: sustained high-quality growth; 2) insistence on sharpening the "Magic Power Fragrance, and Five Foods, and the King of Chinese Liquor" gold sign as the core line, strengthening the corporate brand image and market position; 3) insistence on creating "ecology, quality, literature"
(iv) To maintain the ten systems that support the high-quality development of enterprises, and to ensure that the goals and development ideas of the enterprises are fully implemented. For classic five food fluids, keep them in place.
“The three insistents”: 1) insist on core strategy building as the company's year series; 2) insist on being the company's second pillar, except for the eighth generation of grain fluids; 3) insist on building new core growth as a company in the future
In January-September 2022, 14 of the country’s 21 marketing zones registered positive growth.
During the two-week period, the company’s multiple markets grew by double digits. Fort-Jan, Liao-Ning and others increased by more than 30%, the new retail channels by more than 20%, and the markets of Hunan, Anhui, Oka, Zhejiang and others by about 10%.
A study on the dynamics of macroeconomic downside risks, the epidemic's consumption, the lack of growth in the classic five-food fluids (000858)*, the trend towards better trends, price increases below expectations, and the growth of group purchases below expectations.
3. Report of the five-food fluids (000858) incident evaluation: a combination of measures to achieve a firm and stable foundation
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short- to medium-term potential, a share of thinking about white wine plates, deep-seated thinking and insight into the Su wine, Ho Ho, Bachelor of Law, University of Shandong, and Master of Arts, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, for dual master of law, economics and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.