A five-point food fluid (000858.sz) incident assessment report issued a tri-quarter bulletin in 2022.
Performance exceeded expectations, with a year-round target of $5,578 billion (12 per cent increase) for 2022q1-q3 battalion, resulting from net profit from the mother, 3 pc, management cost, and 1 pcc. Net cash flow from operating activities.
Q3 is expected to continue with the first half of the year, with a steady increase in prices. 14 of the country’s 21 marketing zones were active in the previous three quarters.
Sales are growing. Moreover, multiple market sales have increased double-digitally over the two-square period. Among them, the same market sales have increased by more than 30% in Fujian and Liaoning, the same new retail outlets have increased by more than 20%, and the same markets, such as Hunan and Anhui, have increased by about 10%.
We believe that the company has taken a great deal of action in recent years with regard to brands, products, prices, channels, 1, Five Grains (000858): working to meet year-round targets, with good feedback on multi-regional marketing.
Reforms and improvements have been made, with significant results, and market recognition is high. According to the three-quarter (000858) dynamic studies,* there is a positive trend towards macroeconomic downside risk, the epidemic is consuming, price increases are not as high as expected.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short- to medium-term potential, a share of thinking about white wine plates, deep-seated thinking and insight into the Su wine, Ho Ho, Bachelor of Law, University of Shandong, and Master of Arts, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, for dual master of law, economics and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.