On December 18, 2022, the P5 conference was held at Eibin Headquarters.
• Three bright spots this year, seven big improvements closed in 2022: 1) Market share continues to consolidate, plus 1,000-dollars, and the high-end white liquor market is an absolute leader; 2) Channel system continues to be optimized.
(c) The continuing rise in the consumer climate, which is a high-end white wine product with the highest consumer choice, bottle opening and repurchase rates.
In 2022, the company made seven major advances: 1) team building made significant progress; 2) culture building made significant progress; 3) branding made significant progress. 5 grain fluids established a new brand concept for "Major Fragrance, and Five Foods, and the Chinese Wine King"; 4)
Significant progress has been made in the production of wine, which has reached a 22-year high; 5) significant progress has been made in marketing changes; and the “Headquarters Master War” marketing strategy has been fully implemented, with five delegation of authority for human possessions, appraisals, improvisation decisions.
War zone, rapid response to market changes. 6) Science, technology and innovation have made significant progress in the long term.) Five grain fluids have fully launched 345 high-quality multipliers, i.e. three-year capacity multipliers, four-year productivity multipliers, and five-year efficiency multipliers.
Next year, the company will be building brands, growing consumers, perfecting the product system, marketing, organizational change, optimizing the delivery strategy, accelerating the doubling of the project, and intensifying bottom-line thinking.
1. " Five grains fluids (000858): performance overperformance " . Specifically, 1) the brand will continue to tap into cultural content and, through the period, will achieve the year-round goal of 2022-10-10.
All new products are available in 2, 5-food fluids (000858).
The plant price system will be further refined; 1618 market inputs will be oriented towards priority city goals throughout the year, with good feedback on multi-regional marketing; 39 degrees will build on cultural advantages in the low-level alcohol sector and consolidate them.
Market status; 501 positioning of the strong white wine value poles, strictly enforcing the requisitions, 3, Five Grain fluids (000858): performance is in line with the “year” series, which is represented by the classic five fluids; cultural wine maintains a limited number of lives
Production, placement, ensuring the development of one, a successful one, raising the profits of clients, etc.) end-of-service, working with distributors on group purchasing, precision development of direct business sales, further optimization of the “war zone master” system. 4) end-of-results, adherence to eighth generation.
The general principle of no-gaining of traditional channels of the five grains is dynamically reduced plan configurations. At the same time, there is an orderly match, precision limits on high-profit products, more profit for distributors of good quality who keep up with the five grains, and in accordance with "yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
The principle of retreat, non-retrogression, is to optimize business structures, as well as to launch a battle to return the value of the market to promote high-quality marketing of the five grains. The macroeconomic downside risks, the epidemic’s consumption drags on, the price of the batches falls short of expectations, etc.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
To capture short- and medium-term potential shares; to think hard about the white wine plate, and to think deeply and think deeply about the Su wine. What's the word: University of Shandong, Bachelor of Law, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.