Three quarters is a steady increase, which will gradually improve in the future. The 22nd quarter report will be published. The revenue will be 55.780 billion yuan in the 1-3 quarter of 2022, a year-on-year increase.
The net return and return were $14.56 billion and $4.89 billion, respectively, with an increase of 12.2 per cent in the same year, a steady increase in the performance of the company in the third quarter, a light and renewed strength of the new senior management team, and an expected performance rating for the 2022 3rd quarter of 2023.
Compared to the first three quarters of the White Wine company, where income growth is lower than that of the five grains, we judge that the list of wines and other businesses is a bit of a drag on the overall harvest. To benefit from the recovery of the consumption scene, the impact is relatively small, the channel is more absorbent, and the first half of the year, the five grains and fluids have been brought into operation.
Ten thousand dollars per ton, a 2.3% increase in the same year, and we judge that the growth trend has continued for the last three quarters. According to investor exchange records, the company’s core product, eight-generation five-generation grain fluids, is still in good swings, with 14 battle zones growing in January-September in 21 marketing zones.
During Mid-Autumn, National Day, more than a dozen markets have grown, including Fujian and Liaoning, where the market has grown by more than 30 per cent over the same year, new retail outlets have grown by more than 20 per cent over the same year, and Hunan, Anhui, and the performance has been a powerful force in the marketing of the five.
The Division has done a lot of branding work to optimize the product structure, focusing on medium- and high-priced products. 1h22 wine series generated $6.54 billion, a 6.1 per cent reduction from the same year. In a context where the short-term impact of the two-quarter epidemic on the alcohol series is judged against the epidemic, companies have increased their support for distributors and changed their lending policies.
The new executive team will be light-loaded and re-energized, with speed expected in 2023. (1) The new executive team will be in shape in February/March of 22nd. With the stability of the staff, the new team has been able to function efficiently and gradually address the problems in the market. (2) With the digestion of historical stocks, the mitigation of the epidemic and strong control measures.
In place, we expect prices to show up in 2023, re-energizing the dealer’s confidence. (3) We expect faster performance in 2023, with industry trends, product upgrades, group purchasing, and support companies growing by about 15% per year over the next three years, with higher levels of certainty.
Five Grains: Demand is more resilient, two quarters are growing steadily, and the impact of the Sino-Soldier International Securities Company Ltd. is more than expected.
Food beverages: white wineii