# Consumption Upgrade Events: December 18, five grains on the theme “Regarding the new path of innovation, and the new American-Common Spectrum”
The twenty-sixth session of the Joint Building and Sharing Conference was officially held with the participation of Ying Bin, the weak market environment in which the five grains achieved a win in disease control and production, and progress was made in building from the team, branding, production, marketing change and cultural development dimensions.
In addition, sales were excellent throughout the year. In January-September, 14 of the country’s 21 marketing zones continued to grow, with double-digit growth in several markets during the Chinese autumn season, excellent performance in Fujian and Liaoning, and sustained positive growth in several central Chinese markets.
The classic five-food fluids were delivered with caution throughout the year, continuously repurchased and controlled with price increases, with brand values raised and consumer growth at its core, continuously optimized, and a series of alcohol structures continued to optimize.  The year 2023 was a year of steady progress, effective lifting, and a reasonable increase in volume.
“Stable” responses, solidified and stunned, are expected to lead to a qualitative, efficient increase and a reasonable increase in volume. At the end of the product, while consolidating the core monolithic position of the eight-generation five-generation grain fluids, the construction of the classic five-food fluid market was strengthened, and the opportunity to launch classics 20 and 30 was chosen, and it was also necessary to move forward effectively.
The development, marketing and operation of custom-made wines in five foods culture is higher than P5 and enhances the systematic construction of old and sealed wines with the aim of further enhancing the sense of value. Market ends, optimized delivery strategies, traditional channels are not increasing, new plans are tilted towards high-quality marketing areas, and new channels are being developed.
Incentive upgrades are expected to continue to boost market confidence. Compared to previous years, the distributors ' congress rewarded spending.
Five Grains (000858): Three seasons, 2022, where the growth in the double digits of companies is also more certain, except for clear directions, battle points: performance over expectations, q3 real moves
Slight and landing initiatives are very important for the current market to have the confidence of the distributors. The company’s wider coverage and higher total incentives to achieve full incentives are expected to boost the channel gradually through Five Foods (000858), reported in mid-2022.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: improved internal management, a warmer external environment, excellent marketing performance, stocktaking: strong double-digit growth, steady push, 1455 targets moving forward year by year. We maintain a net return profit for 2022-2024.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board