Three-quarterly review of the Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-
Iobin Five Food and Liquid Co. Ltd. is a liquor industry with a profit of $19,989 million, an increase of 15.36 per cent. 22q3 quarter yields $14,557 million, the core of which involves smart manufacturing, food packaging, modern goods.
In the case of the epidemic, there is a corporate group. Its dominant product is the history of the five grains.
As a result of this disturbance, the company’s three-quarter growth in double digits demonstrates its high operational stability. For a long time, the culture is deeply entrenched, and it is a classic Chinese-style white wine representative and a famous national brand that has won the name of the state on several occasions.
In particular, market prices remained stable after the middle of the autumn. In the first three quarters, there were 21 marketing zones in the country called Wine, and the first to be elected to the Central European Geographical Marks Agreement (CEGIA) and the number of active sales grew in 14, compared to only 11 active war zones in the previous two quarters.
Good recovery. With regard to the Five Favourite Liquor series, market input continued to increase, with close-to-the-line collaboration, with remarkable results. According to media reports, as of the end of September, consumers of the Five Favorite Series had opened bottles of wine, which remained stable and stable.
A "100 Days of Work for the Four Seasons of the Final War" campaign, which continues to promote sales, control stocks, with year-round goals to be achieved. We look forward to the firm's absolute branding advantage in the 1,000-bit belt, and to its long-term growth space in the high-end liquor market in the larger context of rising consumption.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we expect net profits to grow by 33 times per cent in 2022-2024, respectively. Consider the company’s ability to continue to gain market shares in high-end wine lanes to release brand power under high-end strategies, with a “strongly recommended” rating.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of five grains and fluids (000858): quarterly income fluctuations, without changing long-term value judgements, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
East Hing Securities reported five grain fluids (000858): quarterly income fluctuations that do not change long-term value judgements.
Monsso Wang Jie Ting flavour and leisure food.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know it, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter evaluated or recommended in this report. Where the law so permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.