q3 performance growth is robust, showing high-end brand value \triangleright \triangleright
Corporate revenues of $14.56 billion, an increase of 12.2 per cent over the same year; net returns to mothers of $4.89 billion, an increase of 18.5 per cent over the same year. Cash received for the sale of goods and the provision of services in 22q3 was $17.59 billion, an increase of 10.8 per cent over the same year. Performance growth was robust, high-end brand market value and competitiveness. Company company 22q3 received revenue.
\triangleright’s double-digit performance continues to grow robustly. As a result of the epidemic and macroeconomic effects, the overall demand in the white wine industry is weak, the white wine industry faces challenges such as a lack of consumption scenes and market dynamics, but the company’s core product is eight.
In the case of food products, the eighth generation of kings of the Sea, the price belt of five grains and liquids continues to be consolidated and is expected to rise at full prices in 22 years; and in the case of wine series, the price of the product is still rising.
S-100,521,109,0002 Five Food Fragrances will continue to adhere to the “Three Focuses” strategy of “Creating Four National Strategic Cards” to bring together medium- and high-value products around the objective of “brand value, market size”
Jiao, the structure of the series of alcohol products is expected to continue to improve over 22 years.
\triangleright Quarterly Review: Strong Performance Growth, Five Prices Strategy Resolute - 2022/04/29
3. Five grain fluids (000858.sz) tracking report: a clear strategy for the new leadership team, with a clear “145” end-to-100 billion income target Investment proposal: multiple challenges, the company's 22q3 revenue profits continue to grow in double digits, highlighting the company
We've always believed in the sustainability of the company's eighth-generation five-generation food products.
A further flight of 2022/03/10 Leads the industry's “dry-plus” price belt, and expects the company to keep pace with its strategy of balancing prices while keeping pace with the three-quarterly review of the five grains (000858).
New catch products, such as 1618 products, classic five-food fluids, and a series of five-food wines, are being cultivated. We see the growth space of the industry's “dry dollar” prices in the structural boom and the leadership of the five-food fluid brand, pre-during \triangleright
The methodology and analytical logic leads to findings, independent and objective presentation of the report, and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not subject to any third party's approval or influence, and who have not been, or will not be, directly or indirectly charged with the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.