On 27 October, the company announced that it would do so in 2022. In the first three quarters of 22nd year, the company achieved total revenue.
Double-digit income growth, refined operating contribution to the net interest rate of the mother 1) income is robust, ring speed. 22q3 company revenue is equal to +12.24 per cent, plus +2.20 pct, 3) precision operations, and the net interest rate of the parent continues to rise. In the 22nd quarter of the year, the net interest rate of the company is the net interest rate of the parent.
The five grains brand is based on a unique competitive advantage (a unique ecological environment, a unique silt pool of microbes, a single recipe for five grains, a single bial circle over the city of Liquor), a company based on a unique competitive advantage.
In 2021, the company sold 209,000 tons of wine and water. 2) In 2022, the director of the company, who took the baton from Chin, insisted on the director of Liaoqwang Li.
Building on the results of the long-term reforms, the five-point “ecological, quality, culture, numbers, sunlight” five-food fluids, with a quality focus on universal five, classic five-food fluids, creative products, enhanced digital marketing and direct distribution channels and enhanced distribution channels, 22h1, with direct sales revenue from companies amounted to 41.1 per cent.
The new leadership team, which has been at the core of Mr. Chin and Mr. Jiang Wenger, has led the team since February of this year.
In January-April, 11 of the 21 marketing strategic regions of the country registered growth and 14 registered positive growth in January-September. 2) The second pillar, the classic five-food fluids. The company's annual wine series, the classic five-food fluids, has been successful.
Import into the market, enter the full-scale layout phase, foster consumer leaders and consumer circles, power 2,000+ dollar price belts, and build the second pillar of the company ' s product through the Association for the Equation of Goods, vip exclusives, etc.
The company is China’s best wine, with a unique competitive advantage, and the new leadership insists on product and channel change, building on the eighth-dip-five, and building the second pillar of classic five-food fluids. We anticipate the risks of fluctuations in the consumer landscape, competition over the risks, and policy adjustments.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.