q3 Performance highlights, internal mobility upgrades, 3rd quarter 2022 food fluids (000858) event: company issued performance bulletins for 3rd quarter 2022. company achieved total revenue in 3rd quarter 2022
In the first three quarters of 2022, the company achieved a gross operating income of 55.780 billion yuan, an increase of 12.19 per cent in the same year; and a net profit attributable to the shareholders of listed companies of 199.89 million dollars, an increase of 12.19 per cent in the same year; and a net return to the mother of 19.989 billion yuan, an increase in the same year.
Quarterly sales have improved, and the eight-dip five sales have continued well. In January-September 2022, Huangdongyi@dgzq.com.cn registered a positive increase in sales in 14 of the country’s 21 marketing zones, compared to 1-4.
As a high-end white wine, the company's performance has shown some resilience, overall good inventory, and q3 performance. 2022q3, the company's business income product structure continues to be optimized, and internal dynamics have been strengthened. On the product side, the company's core product has been enhanced.
The eight-dip-five market has continued to consolidate, with the classic five-food fluid energy of $2,000 plus the white wine market, to strengthen branding. While the five-grain master brand is being strengthened, the company is working to upgrade the structure of the series of liquor products, focusing on the creation of five-food springs, five-foodols, five-food specials, four-stardly-squares.
During the first half of the year, the company completed the marketing of the five food springs: famous, five grains of gold, and five grains of gold. On the one hand, the company was active in innovative ways, expanding the direct camp ratio and optimizing the channel structure. On 27 September 2022, the company convened the "Four Seasons of the War."
The 100 Days of Work Campaign further strengthened internal dynamics and provided a good basis for the successful achievement of the year's target. Percentage points, mainly due to the high volume of alcohol in the series and the higher base for the same period; net interest rate is
As a leader in the high-end strong white wine industry, corporate performance has been relatively limited by the epidemic, capacity expansion and structural upgrading have steadily advanced, and there is room for further increases in product prices.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.