• Reasons for reporting: periodic report
The launch of the petrochemical integration project has significantly enhanced the company ' s performance 12 August 2020.
50,282 million yuan, an increase of 27.32 per cent over the same period; net profit attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, $3,208 million, net return return, $1,982 million, an increase of 348.92 per cent over the same period, and over-expected performance in the single quarter Market data: 11 August 2020
Growth. Significant growth in corporate performance is mainly due to the successful production of post-partum devices, the start-up load, and the significant profitability of the refining plate, which contributed to most of the performance; and the pta ring comparison.
Improvements have been made, the level of profitability has increased, and companies have increased their profits. Sub-products show that the company earned $18.43 billion in chemicals in the first half of the year, $13.347 billion in finished oil, $7.056 billion in pta, a decline of 26.91 per cent compared to the same period last year, and 26.91 per cent in detergents.
One hundred and seventy-five million yuan, down 35.67 per cent from the same period last year, was affected by the outbreak and the decline in crude oil prices, resulting in a decline in the overall unit price of the scrubber; the sliced income was 1,128 million dollars, an increase of 80.77 per cent from the same period last year, and was mainly the result of increased operating income from the surge in the production of the bottler programme of the subsidiaries.
A significant increase in the Māori sales rate and an increase in the cost rate during the sale period affected by borrowing interest expenditure. Net asset return rate (spent) of 12.81 per cent smooth and yielding benefits is clear, thus raising overall profitability.
RMB, 264.80 per cent increase in the same year, mainly due to interest payments on carbide borrowing. 20 million tons of petrochemical integration projects tested in the fourth quarter of 2020, holding stock on ITC Section 28a, 69 West Street, Taiwon City Capital
\triangleright \triangleright \ Zhejiang petrochemicals acquire non-state export qualifications for finished oils.
The completion of phase I of the Project for the Integration of Refinement is progressing well, with a steady start of work on the seven floors of the Centre and a gradual increase in profitability.
The procurement of equipment for the Shanxi Securities Company Ltd. has been completed, the framework agreement for the purchase of bulk materials has been substantially completed, the arrival of equipment and materials has begun, the construction and installation are at a peak and the test is scheduled to commence in the fourth quarter of 2020
Operational. The successful operation of Phase II is expected to increase corporate profitability further. In addition, the company received a copy of the Ministry of Commerce ' s approval in July of the export qualification of the Zhejiang Petroleum Chemical Company Ltd. (Commercial letter [202020] 205) for the export of the Zhejiang Oil.
This time, the non-state export qualification of finished oils allows companies to further expand international markets, fully mobilize domestic and international market incentives, accelerate branding and competitiveness, and maximize benefits.
The company has a positive impact in its day-to-day operations, and has formed “oil aromatic hydrocarbons (px), aromatic hydrocarbons - pta, meg - polyester - silk, thin \triangleright”
Imbrane, bottler, integrated industrial chain, corporate performance is on the upward trend as the process of refining integration expands. With the resumption of work in the second half of the year and the warmth of demand, it is expected that prices of raw materials and products throughout the year will be subject to significant fluctuations, lower demand downstream, and energy digestion.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
I undertake not to use the information available in my identity, position and practice for personal gain or for the benefit of others.