The high-end mind-blowing shock over the bottom of the ship: the company's recent release of co-incubated high-end intellectual-power electrics with Ali, Zhang Gang Goko, etc.
In addition, the company issued a performance forecast for 2020, which is expected to yield a net profit of $20 billion for the entire year.
We've been in the car industry, and the age of intelligence has accelerated, and Japan's three-way car leaders, Zhang Jiang Gokko and Alibaba, announced a joint effort to build the Billion-Standards Project, which will be launched on January 13, and will take over 40 days to implement the project.
Rates and speeds of progress can be seen. Two branded new cars are published simultaneously with suv, which will open pre-sales during the 2021 exhibition and will open their delivery on the market during the year, and the suv will be on the market in 2022, leading in the intelligence industry.
The six dimensions define intelligence and innovation.
Smart cars have been redefined in six dimensions, such as intelligent luxury quality. They have been built on the Arithmetic Group (600104) to improve performance on cost optimization, and the Aveta Orinx chip can be 500-1,000+tops super-calculatory, supporting three lasers.
Head gas recovery -- 2020/11/01 radar data reading and processing, with a new intelligent and unmarginalised system to achieve a seamless sink Upwind Group (600104) Significant change in cost optimization performance
The immersion experience, the use of 150 million pixel high-resolution wide-angled cameras for intelligent interaction to achieve heights, good, innovation is not limited to tap power -- 2020/08/30 Clear scene sharing, smart driving is expected to be part of Shanghai's business within 2021th level of regulation.
Upper Gas Group (600104) "Standing down a lot of effort, super-achieving point automatic passenger parking calls, first-time use of silicone for lithium supplementation technology in the smart three-power field, and still looking at autonomy and joint ventures."
To achieve a leading energy density of 300wh/kg and a zero decline of 200,000 km, with a variety of innovations - 2020/04/30 The bottom of performance and operations has passed and multiple plates have been fully launched.
With a net profit of around 20 billion, performance has again declined throughout the year, and the pressure on performance has largely come from the early epidemic and the impact and drag of the weak product cycle of the public. With the exception of the general public, since the second half of 2020, the autonomous, common, spare parts and other sectors have recovered to varying degrees.
At the bottom of the performance, too. Since 2021, with the release and pre-sale of new high-end intellectuals brands, and the follow-up to the public ' s listing of the new meb, the gradual introduction of the product, the product end, will become more dynamic, and the multi-plate will continue to grow and move into a new stage of development.
Investment proposals: As industry leaders, the introduction of brand brand brands is expected to enhance the company’s self-integrity and image, and it is expected to take a place in the future in the competition for the larger intelligent age. Short-term performance under the influence of the epidemic and the weak product cycles of the general public in 2020, but the company is now operating.
It's over at the bottom, and in 2021 it's going to be light on a new ship, and it's going to be a big deal in the recovery of the industry.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.