Shen Jia's sales of yoy + 7 per cent in December continued to improve over the same year, maintaining the “buy-in” proposal that now the company's own brand, General Mitsubishi, has taken the lead in the innovation transition, following up with the popular meb
In December, the company continued to pick up sales: 747,000 cars, Mom+16 per cent, yoy+7,01 per cent in December 2020, with faster growth in the same ring ratio.
Uplift vehicle and general Mitsubishi sales have increased by the same ring ratio, and the upper gas population has decreased by the same year. 194,000 vehicles, Mom+16.8%, yoy+55.7% were sold in December. After the main vehicle model was replaced with four-cylinder engines, sales have been continuously improved.
More than 36% of the increase, with new energy models selling more than 10,000, stimulated by a policy of restriction, and brand brand brands selling more than 86% this month, with a whole new mg5 on the market and not enough to supply it.
For nine consecutive months, growth was maintained, with 240,000 vehicles sold in December, Mom + 24 per cent, yoy + 8.3 per cent; 5 of them, 35,000 vehicles sold in the month, with high levels of innovation. The upper gas population performed poorly, with 158,000 vehicles sold per month, Mom-2.5 per cent, yoy-32.7 per cent.
This affected a decline in sales throughout the year, but since the second half of the year, sales have continued to improve. Among them, the general Mitsubishi, the upper gas, the upper gas and the upper gas cars sold 1.6 million and 150.6 per cent, respectively, during the year, except for the upper gas.
Sales as a proportion of total sales have increased. Corporate sales are expected to improve in 2021: in 2021, a new product from the Meb platform will be introduced by the general public, with a first roll-out of suvid.4x in the first quarter, with a more competitive market; in addition, the ferry will be replaced by a replacement.
With the stimulus of a new round of energy downside policies, General Mitsubishi is expected to maintain a relatively good growth trend with a new energy engine and a new mpv on the market. It is expected that the cars will continue to innovate in products and distribution channels.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.