q4 shows a slight decline in performance, and the outlook for the full layout of smart electric power is good.
The company is expected to build a long-term competitive advantage in the overall layout of smart electric whole cars, hardware, software, and ecology. In 2021, new vehicles, such as id.4x, were introduced to the market; the amount of sales abroad was underperforming (24.8%).
The reduction in the costs of publicity results in a 33.7 per cent decrease in sales costs, a small decrease in management costs, a flat level of research and development costs, an increase of $750 million in currency exchange losses, and a significant increase in financial costs, with four cost ratios throughout the year, in addition to the impact of a decline in sales volume, a significant decline in profits, such as the general public, and a decline in investment returns.
While 20.2 per cent of the year's profits fell by 20 q4 and sold 1.87 million vehicles (+9.0 per cent), the volume of mass sales continued to recover, the impact of the epidemic diminished, domestic car sales were expected to grow faster, corporate sales were expected to increase, corporate sales were made and industries were fully deployed, creating a long-term competitive advantage. Smart electric cars were the way forward.
On the other hand, the new technology brand r-tech, which has recently been launched by the car, has invested more than 20 billion dollars in research and development over five years, and is expected to be marketed in the second half of 2022 for a full-scale, high-level auto-drive program of the pp-cem.
By building a technologically advanced hardware base, forward-looking innovation, software capabilities, and open and integrated ecological platforms, companies will have long-term competitive advantages to develop. The domestic public will have a new life cycle, and overseas markets will be instrumental in long-term development.
With the impact of chip supply, short-term product loads, it is expected that the shortage of subsequent chips will be reduced. In 2021, a new product cycle will begin for the general public, with multiple mebs like id.4 on the market, and a combination of continued flight, power, etc., will be expected to be sold.
In recent years, the share of domestic luxury car sales has risen faster than in recent years, and the future development of upper car sales has been better. In 2020, 390,000 vehicles were exported from companies and sold overseas, an increase of 11.3% compared to the previous year, in Europe, the Middle East, and India.
Markets such as Vera, Thailand, and others perform well. Domestic sales are slowing down, and overseas markets will be companies for the long term.
Upper Gas Group: q3 Performance Over-expected, Business Improvement Follow-up
S.A.I.S.A. is qualified for securities investment consultancy.