The q4 sales of 1.87 million vehicles (+9.0 per cent) have fallen in volume.
In addition, the company, together with Ali, will set up an intelligent car that is expected to bring down q4 mass sales and short-term performance pressure. In 2020, the company sold 5.6 million vehicles (-10.2 per cent).
In the new product cycle, the up-scaling has recovered well, the up-scaling vehicle brands have combined domestic and foreign power, and car models such as the Mitsubishi New Energy have continued to heat up. The company’s major affiliates are expected to grow rapidly in 2021, pushing sales and performance back.
Upstream crowds are on a new cycle, meb and Audi are looking forward to it. The upper mass is under pressure for short-term sales of parts of the vehicle pattern and chip supply. The chip shortage is expected to be alleviated by the start of the second quarter.
In December 2020, Audi, a single gas and an upper gas were able to agree on a marketing and service model, and in 2022, the Audido model was launched. In recent years, it has been sold in the country.
Working with Ali to build a smart-ass car, the future is promising. In November 2020, the company announced that it would co-finance an investment fund for smart technology in Shanghai with Jang Gao Ko, among others, and working with Ali Baba.
In terms of the equity structure, the smart car brings together car companies, Internet companies, management and employees and is expected to leverage artificial intelligence, intelligent driving, chips and new talent, using the market price of 11 January 2021 as the standard.
Some of the advantages in the field of source are the creation of a new high-end electric intelligence brand, with the first suv and the limo officially inaugurated in January 2021, with the opening of the bookings during the year and the prospect for the future.
Good for Show 20201102 The Upper Steam Group: q2 performance has improved significantly, with forward-looking layout development 1) sales have fallen short of expectations; 2) raw materials are scarce and prices have increased; 3) products have fallen significantly.
Upper Stewardship Group: Short-term Performance Pressure, Long-term Development Watch
Automobiles: car-to-cars