I'm reporting the reasons for this: the annual report.
The profit end situation improved, the advantages of innovative business expanded and year-round performance declined, the profit end improved. In 2020, a new coronary pneumonia outbreak broke out, and \triangleright
The shortage of chips, among other things, has put some downward pressure on the automobile industry, with higher levels of corporate income and profit. In 2020, corporate revenue, net profit, net profit on non-return, and lower base in the second half of 2019, the domestic car market as a whole was warming up; at the corporate level, public.
Highest/minimum in the year: Division taps down market opportunities, increases the placement of new vehicles and continuously improves the competitive edge of innovative business such as new energy cars, international operations, overall recovery of corporate sales and improved profit-end performance in 2020.
Market value of liquida shares (billions): In June of that year, the company made a positive change in vehicle sales on a year-on-year basis and continued to grow on a nine-month-on-year basis.
Basic per share of earnings (dollars/units): Sales rates fall and the q4 Māori rate improves. The overall cost of company sales fell in 2020, mainly as a result of cost reduction factors such as the adjustment of revenue standards and company advertising.
28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City, clearly achieved a Māori ratio of 12.42 per cent, Ring + 2.87 pct, same ratio + 1.02 pct, company sales costs
Rates, management costs, financial costs of 5.26 per cent, 5.37 per cent, -0.07 per cent, respectively, expand the advantages of overseas and new energy operations compared to the 7th floor of the inter-centre. On the one hand, companies exploit the potential of the market.
By the end of 2020, the company's products and services had entered more than 60 countries and territories around the world and had fostered the formation of nine “million-class” seas.
Foreign regional markets, with annual full export sales leading the country for five consecutive years; on the other hand, markets and production aids, with companies selling 320,000 new energy cars in 2020, or +73.4 per cent, and new energy vehicles, are ranked first in the country, third in the world, while companies continue to promote new energy industries.
Link-building, increasing the layout of key technologies, and improving the overall new energy layout are expected to provide a sustained growth point for companies’ performance. Innovation, technology protection, and a long-term competitive advantage for companies.
\triangleright head, adequate industry chain layout, complete system architecture, and more risk-resistant overall. At the same time, companies, while strengthening innovation, are proud to launch new lions and new rs, and Mitsubishi is global.
“Golden Bills”, with the launch of the new energy-using euniq series by Chase; on the other hand, the Department continues to promote the layout of new and emerging areas in the automobile industry, with continued high R & D inputs, improved layouts, new energy industry chain building, smart network strategic advancements, digitalization, mobile mobility and service packages
There has been some movement on the part of the Bureau, which, with the gradual deployment of relevant technology, is expected to help companies to upgrade their product capacity and core competitiveness, expand their lead edge, and look at companies’ long-term competitive advantage.
At the same time, the company continues to have a high level of research and development and has increased its profile in the new and emerging areas of the automobile industry, with an independent and objective presentation of the present report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I have undertaken not to use my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.