Shinji Mountain Signals have been selling 5.6 million cars a year and the autonomous brands have been warming up.
Incident description: In December, the upper gas group sold 66.43 million vehicles and 7,466 thousand vehicles, respectively, increasing the same month's sales relative to the same month's sales and reducing the cumulative sales by less than the same time. In December 2020, the ratio of public vehicle sales was 1.12 times (up to 0.98 times) and the monthly vehicle sales were 66.43 million, respectively.
Vehicles and 7,466 thousand vehicles, which grew by 8.62 per cent, 7.01 per cent, respectively, at a faster rate than the previous month +0.29 pct, 2.19 pct and 2.17 pct, respectively, with the same narrow decline in aggregate sales since the second quarter of the year. A significant contribution was made by the upper group ownership brand, which sold 2.6 million vehicles, or 46.4 per cent of total sales, throughout the year.
High; 320,000 new energy vehicles sold, a 77.8 per cent increase in the same year, and 390,000 in overseas markets.
In the view of the Division, the monthly sales of the upper gas were consistently growing at a higher rate than the previous year, with a monthly sales of 1,938,000 liquida shares/total equity capital (billions): one vehicle, an increase of 55.73 per cent over the same period; the monthly sales of the upper gas by car continued to grow at a positive rate and achieved a single month.
Market value of the share in circulationa (billions): 35,000 vehicles sold by Miniev and nearly 50,000 vehicles sold by the upper gas vortex, an increase of nearly 11 per cent over the same period, ring increases Basic data: 30 September 2020
In addition, uptown Chase, Ivico, basically every share of the proceeds (in dollars/equity): Red Rock, Nanjing Ivico, upper gas sales continue to grow at the same rate as in the current month.
At the industry level, the overall recovery in the country’s economic performance has continued to improve, and the heat of automobile sales will remain high.
The conglomerates are comprehensive and will benefit from the overall recovery drive in the industry; at the corporate level, the company ' s high value for money is growing faster than the new-energy car sales, helping the company to solve the problem of the new energy mix and is expected to take over the three-to-four-line urban market, and at the firm ' s part of the sale of the car is going uphill, adding up to the subsequent multi-car investment.
28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City City, is expected to lead to a sustained improvement in corporate sales.
Investment proposals: The company has a wide vehicle base, a well-structured industrial chain, a well-developed product system, and the 7th floor of the inter-centre continuously pushes cars to new and quadruple innovations, with high security margins and long-term competitive advantages.
In December 2020, the company ' s share of automobile sales was 1.12 times higher (the previous value of 0.98).
Many times the monthly output of cars increased by 8.62 per cent and 7.01 per cent, respectively, compared with the previous month +0.29 pct and the similar decline in sales since the second quarter. The autonomous branding of the upper-barrel group contributed significantly, with 2.6 million vehicles, or 46.4 per cent of the total, sold throughout the year, reaching a new high; 320,000 new energy vehicles sold, or 77.8 per cent, compared to 390,000 in overseas markets.
Figure 5: Accumulated vehicle output of the upper car group (millions, %) Figure 7: Cumulative vehicle sales of the upper car group (million, %)
The same year-on-year growth was high, with a monthly sales volume of 19.38 million in December, or 55.73 per cent in the same year; the same rate of monthly vehicle sales continued to be positive, with one month-on-year increases, with a single-month sales volume of 10.34 million vehicles in December, or 33.66 per cent in the same month.
Once again, Mandamus, Evico Red Rock, Nanjing, Ivico, Sina Weiqua, and the same month's sales grew by 43.92%, 50.33%, 44.93%, 41.52%, Shanghai by 37.84%. In 2020, the number of titles and maxus in the European market rose by 40,000, and the total volume of sales abroad.
In the short term, at the industry level, the overall economic performance of the country is expected to continue to improve. The recovery is continuing well, and the heat of automobile sales will continue to be high, and the upper-car fleet will be comprehensive, benefiting from the overall recovery of the industry;
On the one hand, the company’s rapid growth in high-value versus new-energy vehicle sales can help the company solve the problem of new energy balances and hopefully capture the city’s market on three or four lines, and on the other hand, the company’s partial uphill sales and the build-up of the new multi-cars are expected to lead to a sustained improvement in the company’s sales. In the long run, the company, as the head of the domestic fleet, has accumulated a certain advantage in terms of platforms, finance, management, layout, etc., and continues to push the new four cars forward.
In the area of intelligence, together with Ali, we are building intelligent cars to explore intelligent applications. As competition increases in the industry, companies have a more stable advantage as low-end high-school drivers.
The company’s wide-scale vehicle cover, a well-structured industrial chain, a well-developed product system, and a sustained drive for new and innovative cars, with high security margins and long-term competitive advantages. At the same time, competition in the domestic automobile market has increased, and firms are expected to strengthen their own advantage in order to expand their lead position and promote profitability (2) automobile sales are below expectations;
The report is presented independently and objectively. I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having done so, or for not having done so, as a result of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in the report. I have undertaken not to use my identity or place.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.