We've got the same sales in January, and we've got the new Energy Champion title (6001044).
On 8 February, the upper-gas group released a January production and sale campaign, with the company selling 430 and 403,000 vehicles in January 2021, which was about 2.7 per cent and 0.7 per cent more than in the same year.
On the one hand, the upper-mortality conglomerate, which in January was about 0.7 per cent more than the previous year, has turned negative for the first time since 2019, benefiting mainly from a return in the industry climate and reduced demand for vehicles due to the effects of the epidemic during the same period last year. On the one hand, the upper-mortex conglomerates sold nearly 17,000 vehicles, an increase of 46.02 per cent compared to the previous year; on the other hand, the higher-mortality general-purpose sales are over 130,000.
Cars, 125.13 per cent and 87.27 per cent higher than the previous year, respectively, continued their high growth.
On top of the high-priced branded car model, which drives the growth of the entire car business, in January, the macrolight miniev sold about 37,000 vehicles, thousands of which continue to be in the front line of the suv sales list; and the Lon Wei 5 sales continue to climb, breaking 15,000 major sales this month, joining the head camp of the autonomous branded car.
In addition, in 2021, the upper steam will be rolling out three mebs, including id.4x, and the existing models, such as Leon and Visionl, will be upgraded. It will benefit from a full recovery in the industry, new models will continue to be marketed, product rejuvenation will lead to continuous upgrading of users’ experiences, and company sales will be expected to increase further.
In January, the company sold 58,000 new energy cars, a huge increase of 446.6% over the previous month, and once again honoured the monthly champion of new energy sales. In the same month, smart cars, which were co-invested by the upper-mortality groups, Ali Baba and Zhang Jiang Gokko, were officially released as smart and pure electric cars.
Cars and suv models, from smart digital architecture, smart limitless os system, smart interactive sharing system, smart driving, smart three-power technology and smart luxury six-dimensional recuperating smart car age standards. Only a month later, the car marvelr, under the brand of Voltr, was officially marketed, using a 16-crystal large module battery layout.
In addition, the first 5gsuv product, with 70kwh batteries on board for 505 km at Nedc, achieves 17 5gv2x functions. In addition, the entry cost of a marvelr model with a sense of technology, luxury, and comfort in one body is only $220,000, which has a significant price advantage over the same class.
The announcement shows the firm’s determination to develop in the new energy sector, and the introduction of high performance and high value-for-money products is proof of the branding power, and in the future, the new vehicle model, coupled with the multiplicity of groups such as id.4x, macrosmiev, mgezs, and other now full-scale electric corps of products, is expected to drive the company’s new energy vehicle sales to a new level of excellence.
In January, the sales of the whole car were reversed: the company’s branded car had a lot of hot sales, the following products had been upgraded, smart electric projects had been added to the ground at an accelerated rate, and sales were expected to continue at a positive rate. We expected the year 2020-2022 to be 35 times higher than the industry average, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Review: Accelerator general Mitsubishi sales have increased significantly, overall sales have gone up, the automobile industry has gone up in a less-than-anticipated state of view, the product sales have fallen short of expectations, and the smart car project has fallen short of expectations.
Wang Qingjun, assistant in auto research, Bachelor of Economics, University of Wuhan, Nanjing University, Master of Finance, July 2018.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.