The U.S.S. Specialic has made a significant contribution, q1 performed well, and the company published a quarterly report for 2020: 646 million yuan in revenues during the reporting period, a decline in comparison with the previous year.
3.47 per cent; realization of the parent ' s net profit of 190 million yuan, an increase of 183.41 per cent in the same year; achievement of the parent ' s non-purchasing profitability has improved significantly and q1 has performed reasonably well. The company ' s annual report for 2019 revealed that the parent ' s net profit area is expected to be 174 million yuan - 248 million yuan in the first quarter, and 160 - 210 per cent - 210 per cent in the same period.
The next quarterly report revealed a net return of $190 million to the mother, an increase of 183.41 per cent over the same period, and a performance forecast near the median of one quarter. The growth in performance in the first quarter was mainly due to the continued growth in the size of the design business, especially the special integrated circuit operation, which continued to contribute steady profits.
In terms of cost, 20q1 sales costs are to buy UVF and extend the intellectual safety chip industry chain. In June 2019, the company released a capital reorganization plan, with shares to purchase 100% of UVF shares, with an asset value of 18 billion dollars.
Mar. The Linxens main industry under the UVA flag designed microconnectors, rfid mounds and antennas and ultra-light light belts for the production of smart safety chips, is one of the largest producers of smart safety cores in the world, with a high degree of synergy with corporate intelligence safety chips.
In addition, the company has continued to improve the fpga product line, leading to autonomous control. The company’s subsidiaries, purple and co-founder, have accumulated more technology in the field of fpga and have developed three series of products: titan, logos, and compact.
There has been significant progress in the communications, industrial control and consumer markets, with sales reaching over a billion yuan in 2019. In 2019, the company completed the new generation of fpgalogos2 series of higher-valued products, using market prices as the standard for April 23, 2020.
The platform was built, and typical products were successfully delivered, and the next generation of fpgatitan3 high bandwidth, large capacity, and high performance fpga products were launched. The impact of the epidemic on the global economy; new products were not as popular as expected.
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business, Wang Da Ting