Information technology semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment 5g supersim card is going well, with 2020q1 laying high year-round growth event: 19-year-old company reports and $3.43 billion in 2019, a year-on-year increase.
At the same time, the company announced that its projected net return performance growth in the first quarter of 2020 was in line with expectations, with the most significant growth in integrated circuit operations. The company’s operations were well developed and the growth in special integrated circuits was particularly significant, with revenues reaching $1,079 million, the same rate.
The growth rate of 75.30% and the Māori rate rose by 7.88 percentage points, to 74.4%, with smart safety chips and storage chip operations also maintaining an increase of around 30%, with a further increase in city ownership. Growing competitiveness of mature products, and a new generation of new products, such as fpga, are well advanced in corporate research and development.
After product validation, the new generation of high-capacity fpga is moving to the market, and with the construction of a large-scale 5g in China and China, the expected growth in 2020 is more than 300%.
The competitiveness of the familiar products is increasing, with wide user acceptance and large-scale selection. 5g supersim cards are fast-tracked to market and are expected to explode under a switch of tide. Super 12 months of maximum/minimum (millimeter)
In 2020, it was expanded to such markets as Beijing, Shanxi, Hunan, etc.
The fpga made a breakthrough by building 5g China, which had more than 200 terminals, except for apples, with all the industrial chains connected. Our preset "chip" -- 2020/02/23.
By 2020, 150 million mobile phones were sold, with a penetration rate of 20%, 30 million sales and a net profit of three dollars per piece, bringing about almost 100 million net profits.
It is a supplier of card-based connecting materials that will go up and down and become a market monopolist. We expect to generate an additional 1 billion dollars in profits each year after the event, which will significantly increase corporate performance.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report