Purple light country (002049): The whole business of the company is flowering and has been growing at a high rate for three years in a row.
Events: Companies publish their annual report for 2019 and a quarterly profit forecast, and corporate revenues and profits are abundant. The company is listed in the semiconductor industry under the flag of the Purple Group, where profits from corporate income have increased significantly, and 20q1 has grown in reverse: the company's operating income in 19 years was 3,430 million.
Focusing on integrated circuit chip design and development is the leading IC chip product and solution provider, with output increasing by 39.45 per cent on a year-on-year basis. Motherhood net profit is 405 million, an increase of 16.61 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
At present, the company has three stable memory chips, secure self-contained fpga, power half-guided.
As the penetration rate of home-grown chips rises, core business areas such as corporate instruments and superstitious crystal frequency devices are expected to continue to benefit from industrial dividends and maintain high growth rates. At the same time, companies have revealed a 20q1 performance forecast.
A leading competitive and market position has been developed, and high growth has been achieved, thanks first of all to the fact that the company’s main business is not end-user, but rather to the relatively small impact of the epidemic. Second, in important applications, the penetration rate of the home chip will increase further, and the trend is already in place.
Security chips continue to grow, and short- and long-term development goals are clear: in 19 the company security chip generated 1.321 billion dollars, an increase of 27.5 per cent in the same year. The Māori rate is 22.27 per cent, a decrease of 2.33 per cent in the same year.
Māori rates have declined by 2.33%, but have narrowed over previous years, and are expected to rebound steadily in the future. In the short run, about 40% of the market share in the area of bank cards has not been replaced by national production.
The 5g Super Sim card was also sold in the regions, and the three star's latest flagship cell phone s20 became one of the appropriate appliance types. In the long run, material networking, car connectivity, digital money, etc., are all major tracks for the future of safe chips. The company's product thd89 series has now successfully passed the aec-q100 rules.
Certification, we expect that the pre-etc and car-networking applications will soon provide a new engine of growth for the company. Special integrated circuits have a clear competitive advantage, and companies are expected to continue to grow at a high rate: in 19 companies, special integrated circuits generated $1,079 million, an increase of 75.44%.
7.88%. The company achieved a double income gain, mainly due to a rapid increase in the penetration rate of home-grown chips in core applications, with sub-product performance excellent and thus significant price-fixing advantages. Particularly in fpga, a new generation of high-capacity fpga products of 2xnams is being marketed.
The company’s main products are: special microprocessors, special programmable devices, special storage units, special network bus and interfaces, special simulators, special sopc system devices, and custom chip.
The application market is expanding and business is moving into a fast-growing phase.
East Hing Securities Co. reported Uttar Pradesh (002049): The company's business is fully flowered and has been growing at a high rate for the third year in a row. Other business is also growing at a very high rate: the company has also performed well in the civil fpga field, and in 19 years it achieved $101 million in co-generation, and it has crossed the line.
The company is a small national producer of fpga, and the company fpga operates in a comprehensive manner in communications and industrial control, actively promotes the Titan series of high-performance markets, such as communications, and has successfully imported some of its client projects. Also, the pangodesignsuite is a large-scale fpga development software based on years of fpga development of software technology and engineering practices that supports the design and development of tens of class fpga devices.
As the 5g process progresses, the company’s products are on fire and tested by communications equipment manufacturers like China and China. As the international situation changes, the process may accelerate, and it is expected to accelerate the pace of national production substitution.
Security chip operations, while also preparing companies to expand their operations abroad. Other companies have also made rapid progress, special integrated circuit operations have continued to expand production lines into larger customers, and the pace of increasing national production is expected to accelerate. Second, fpga has made a major breakthrough and will benefit from 5g infrastructure. We see the future of the company as a source of financial prosperity in the East.
A source of wealth and wisdom in the East, and a source of wealth and wisdom in the Uttar Pradesh (0020449): full-scale corporate growth, three years in a row, and a source of financial intelligence in the East.
Liu Jingji, University of Texas, Dallas, United States of America, Simulation/Radio-frequency chip design. Used to be a microchip design engineer for the U.S.S.C. and Purple countries. 2 years of securities experience, joined East Hing securities in 19 years.
Master of Finance, Graduated from Harbin Industrial University, B.A. in Engineering, formerly employed as a nuclear power engineer at the Middle Guang Nuclear Group, 2019
Add to the ESP a study of the electronics industry.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the company's business is booming for the third year in a row.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.