The company's revenue in 2018 was 78,345 million yuan.
The increase of 35.45 per cent over the same period was due mainly to the implementation of the new freight clearance scheme for the railway industry, the increase in volume and delivery, the net return to the mother of $14,544 million, an increase of 8.99 per cent over the same period, the lower level of operation, and the higher profit margin, which remained at around 20 per cent. In the first quarter of 2019, 19,743 million were collected.
24 April 2019 Revenue from freight transport accounts for 78 per cent of the company ' s main business, while goods transported are predominantly power-driven coal, mainly carried by roe (ttm)
In December, the highest price was 2.7 percentage points higher than in December. The company’s main railway line is the most important link to the northern part of the country.
The coal supply and transit hub, the lowest price in December, is in the strategic position of “Kinxi East”. The main source of the goods is rich in coal resources, mostly large coal-producing and operating enterprises.
The central line of assets runs across the economic belt of Kyoto and is connected to the main port of the Ring Bay. In 2018, 15.95% of the country’s rail cargo was delivered and coal was delivered.
The main shipping indicators have been steadily increasing, with 23.14 per cent of the country's total rail coal delivery. In 2018, coal demand has become more heated, coal is shipped and replenished, and the policy of adding iron to public transport has been driven by a continuous pattern of coal production and transport in the areas where companies operate.
642 million tons, an increase of 7.7 per cent over the same period, and 551 million tons of coal delivered, of which 451,000 tons were delivered on the Qin line, an increase of 4.3 per cent over the same period. In January-March 2019, the Qin line accumulated 110 million tons, a decrease of 3.72 per cent over the same period, related to the impact of the mine failure in the past quarter.
Coal demand will also increase, while infrastructure patches will support coal consumption, but an optimal national energy consumption structure will control total coal consumption and, overall, a steady demand for coal is expected to result in a depth of 300 indexes for the “market index” reference point of this rating system.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and within the limits of knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used them.