Share expansion + industry turning point, watch for server leaders Events: Current Wave Information announces performance forecast for 2019, which companies expect to achieve during the reporting period Wave Group Limited
The company’s 2019 performance forecast is consistent with our expectations, continuing the steady growth performance of the previous period. In 2019q3, the company’s revenue growth rate rose by 0.35 percentage points. The global server market grew at a low rate in 2019.
Under the differentiated jdm model, companies continue to expand new customers, while enhancing the stock of customers The market value of the circulationa shares (millions of dollars) is sticky, becoming the only head server (carrying volume) with a growing share of q2 and q3
In North America, the top five Internet giants, the famga, reached $19.81 billion in the single quarter of 2019q3, a rise in the same/ring ratio.
11.3 /7.4 % of this increase was higher in the long-term Amazon than in the year-on-year period by 10.4 % to 34.0 %, with a clear rebound in downstream demand. And according to idc's latest disclosure, 2019 q3 global servers reached 3.07 million, with a steady decline of 3.0 % (q2 low - 8.5 %), demand
The positive trend has been partly transmitted to the server, and the industry has surfaced. Moreover, industry experience shows that global server output is one to two quarters late in capital expenditure data compared to famga, judging that server output continues to run at 2019q4 and 2020, with companies acting as global players.
The third/national top producers are the first to benefit. The stock build-up base, and the stock price suppression factor is gradually being absorbed.
The total amount of the pooled funds does not exceed 2 billion yuan, mainly for repayment of bank loans and replenishment of liquidity, both to reduce expenditure on financial costs and to reduce the asset-liability ratio for the company ' s annual assessment of the 2020 _aaa_ Wave Information (00977).
The year’s expansion of capacity provides a more favourable external financial environment. Current stock prices are crushing Wang Sming’s share expansion + the industry’s run-off, firmly looking to the company to achieve Davis’s double goal.
Risk factors: Unexpected capital expenditure by cloud producers and escalation of trade friction between China and the United States.