Corporate performance continues to be positive, industry demand is breaking out in the 2019 wave report, performance is continuing to be positive, downstream demand is warming back to 20 years of server activity.
\triangleright meets our previous judgment. The company, as the leader of the server industry, was actively focusing on the smart plan in the first half of 2019 in the face of the global market demand for servers, downward pressure and the opportunities offered by the development of cloud computing and artificial intelligence technology.
Counting the business, using the jdm agile innovation model, which updated the industry's delivery of 10,000 cloud servers in eight hours, the unit's new record compared to the depth of 300, also laid a solid foundation for the growth of corporate performance.
The network’s cloud computing business continues to be high, causing capex spending to warm. Faced with the multiplicity of factors such as the 5g commercial presence in 20 years, the increase in the number of idc constructions, v2x pulling the edges to calculate server demand up, 20 years of server activity is expected to be high, and companies will benefit directly from the industry’s winding up dividend.
The applications were approved, the capital structure of the company will be further optimized once funds are in place The applications for the capital of the company have been approved and the collection of funds will help to optimize the capital structure of the company and ease the financial pressure.
Low rates of capital indebtedness and financial costs, optimizing the capital structure. The remaining funds raised to supplement cash flows can ease the pressure on companies to pre-position cash flows.
The “recommended” rating is maintained because the yearpe is lower than the industry average. Downstream Internet manufacturer Capex spends less than expected, industry competes more, and the period of accounts improves less than expected.
(000977) Dynamic report: server industry turning points Visible, leading powerful highlights Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
In 2019, he joined the Chinese Institute of Securities and Securities and the Shanghai University of Foreign Economics and Trade as a research assistant in the education and computer sector. In 2019, he joined the Chinese Institute of Civil Securities and the London Kings College of Banking and Finance.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,