q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 q4 = event: 16 January, company issued a 2019 performance forecast, expected to return to the parent net profit in 2019
Wei Hongmei continues to perform well, with a net profit of q4. The company expects a net profit return of $856 million in 2019.
The global growth in corporate performance has been accelerated by the same rate of net return profits (38.66%). Overseas cloud computing mega-capital spending has warmed, and upstream chip producers have outperformed expectations. 2019q2, North American cloud computing giants (Amazon, Google, Microsoft) have experienced a weak recovery in capital spending, bringing the total to
128.20 billion United States dollars, or 334 per cent more than the previous year; and 2019 q3, capital spending increased further, bringing the aggregate to a warmer signal. Compared to the performance of the upstream chip manufacturer, Intel Data Centre, 16 January 2020
The market expects further validation of the warming demand of downstream cloud computing firms. Moreover, with the warming of overseas cloud computing firms, capex, we believe that domestic cloud computing firms are expected to follow up, adding and moving, connecting swords to the first echelon of the domestic cloud computing market, the demand for cloud computing servers will grow further.
For the Toc area, with the support of the 5g hypervelocity network, consumer-level applications (cloud games, ultra-clear videos, vr/ar, etc.) are expected to develop at a fast pace, and the data flow is about to explode. Operators are expected to build the data centre and deploy the server.
At the same time, the application in the 5gtob area is extremely demanding for time delay, further creating the need for margin computing. In September 2019, the middle-movement open collection of 0tii servers took the lead in pulling the merchants to collect the screens of the edge computing servers. In 2020, we think the operator will go further.
According to idc, the sales of 2019q3 global services were $21,993 million, a decrease of 5.88% compared to the previous year; the number of servers delivered was 30,697 million.
The global server market has experienced a similar decline of 2.90%. The tide has continued to grow in reverse, with sales and exports increasing by 15.25% and 11.07%, respectively, both of which are the first in the world. We believe that companies perform well at the depth of their jdm model.
Combining csp clients is inextricably linked. Through the joint development model, the company connects the “demand, R & D, production, delivery” link and integrates the supply and demand business chain in depth, meeting not only the agreed building needs of the plant, but also the competitive advantage in terms of the unit price of the server, the speed of delivery, etc.
Investment proposals: The global server market in 2020 is looking forward to demand turning points, driven by multiple factors such as the warming of overseas cloud computing mega-capital spending, the 5g commercial-led data flow outbreak and the 5g industrial application of edge calculations. The company server product, based on the jdm model, not only meets the agreed building needs of the plant.
The competitive advantage is also becoming apparent in the highly competitive value of server unit prices, delivery speed, and it is expected that the market share will expand further under industry warming. Therefore, the recommended rating is maintained. The depth of 300 indexes is not taken into account in this rating system, the “market index” reference point.
This report is presented independently and objectively to the extent that you know it. It clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.