贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
名单) (摘要)
600519.SS
2018年年底，贵州茅台在其年度经销商大会上宣布对销售渠道进行重
大调整，引起投资者的广泛关注。我们将在本文中分析贵州茅台将如
何向直销渠道加大投放、渠道改革可能对销售均价/盈利产生何样影
响, 并解答其他一些问题。
为何现在改革? 为减少寻租机会和潜在腐败空间,贵州茅台冻结了经
销商数量和经销商配额。此外, 2016年推出的“新零售”线上经销模
式的进展不及预期,主要归因干未能消除线上/线下套利机会(尽管
主要数据
市值: Rmb863.0bn / $127.5bn
这种模式可帮助公司更深入地了解客户）。公司转而将致力于加大直
企业价值: Rmb759.3bn / $112.4bn
3个月日均成交量: Rmb2.7bn / $388.5mn
销渠道投放,增开新店、并提高商超和线上零售等第三方的销售力
A股食品饮料
度。需要说明的是,经销商渠道仍将占主导地位、但占比将大幅下
降,在2019年茅台酒总销量中的占比预计将从2018年的80%降至
AEJ强力买入/卖出名单
GS Sustain 50关注名单
56%, 直销渠道的重要地位将上升。
重获利润:我们认为上述调整将加速推进渠道改革,其目的不仅是提
升定价能力，还旨在通过加大直销投放、在价值链上重获利润份额。
总体而言，我们积极看待贵州茅台的渠道改革，并将2019-2021年收
入预测上调1.2%-3.8%，将2019-2021年每股盈利预测上调
3.5%-6.6%, 以主要反映销售渠道结构调整带动的销售均价上升。我
842元, 仍基于22倍市盈率(但延展至2022年)并以10%的行业股权
9/18 12/18 E 3/19 E 6/19 E
成本贴现回2019年计算得出。鉴于贵州茅台的市场领先地位和明确的
每股盈利 (Rmb)
要素概要
因此，投资者应当考虑到本公司可能存在可能影响本报告客观性的利益冲突，不应视本报告为作出投资决策的唯一
全球投资研究
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
资产负债表 (Rmb mn) __
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
评级自2013年12月3日
比率和估值
增长率和利润率 (%)
股价走势图
损益表 (Rmb mn)
2019年1月22日
全球投资研究
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
Reforms will boost direct sales, allowing capture of more margin
As we highlighted in our report earlier this month (2018 results and 2019 guidance in
line, structural reform debut), Moutai announced its reform plan for sales and marketing
on Dec 28, which we consider the start of structural reforms.
Key focus of the reform was to address internal corruption.
In May 2018, Moutai announced a change of its chairman, followed by other key
management changes at the parent group to listco and all the way down to subsidiaries
like Moutai E-com Company and Moutai Marketing Company. The company said that
the reason behind the extensive management changes was to address corruption within
the firm.
Given the juicy margins available, trade companies are very keen to be awarded a
distribution license and existing distributors want to grab more supply and merchants
lobby for "written-notes" that allow them to purchase lower priced product. So, the
gap between ex-factory price and retail price has allowed opportunities for rent-seeking
behavior among certain Moutai employees on the back of the wide arbitrage
opportunities.
The local government in Guizhou, where Moutai is headquartered, published a
legislation on Jan 17th forbidding government officers and their relatives (including
spouse, children and children's spouses) to carry out business with Moutai directly.
Per the legislation, the officers or their families are also not allowed to influence the
operation of the Moutai company or any of its affiliated stores, distributors etc. We
believe this action taken by the Guizhou government illustrates that Moutai's reform is
not only important for the company but is also highly valued by the government (which
owns 100% of the parent group of Moutai).
No new distributors, supply to shift to direct channels
In order to cut out the opportunities for rent seeking, the company decided to freeze the
number of distributor numbers and distribution quotas. According to management, there
will be no additional contract plan increases for distributors, and the company will not
increase the number of distributors or franchised stores going forward. As a result of this
policy, we expect to see considerable restructuring of the sales channels with more
volume shifting from distributors to the direct sales channel.
For pure numbers, the company guided to 31,000 tons of supply volume for Moutai
planned volume for current compliant distributors. In order to achieve this, management
has said it will increase direct sales.
Distributor channel will still dominate, but direct sales to rise in importance
In our view, the distributor channel will remain the dominant sales channel for Moutai
spirits in the near-term with the direct sales channel becoming more pivotal. Until 2018,
sales volume through distributor channel accounted for over 80% of total Moutai spirits
2019年1月22日
全球投资研究
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
sales volume. We expect this to shrink to 56% in 2019E, and decline further to c.50% in
2021E.
Exports and supply to the parent group has generally increased with total volume
supply, with volume share to these markets up from c.6% five years ago to c.11% in
2017. Going forward, we expect the percentage of export volume and supply to parent
group in total volume of Moutai spirits to remain largely stable at 12%-15%.
On the other hand, we estimate sales volume through the direct sales channel to more
than triple in 2019 vs. 2018 to account for c.30% total sales volume of Moutai spirits. We
also expect the structure of direct sales channels to change. Within direct sales
channels, self-owned stores and large supermarkets are most controllable and it's
relatively easy for Moutai to build new stores or pass on products to supermarkets, in
our view. As a consequence, we expect sales volume through these two channels to
increase significantly in the coming years (we expect the combined volume share in
direct sales to increase form 21% in 2018 to 60% in 2019). Sales of customized
products are mainly driven by demand from corporates, and we expect growth to largely
remain stable. For sales through written-notes, we expect it to decrease significantly as
the company continues to focus on addressing corruption issues.
2019年1月22日
全球投资研究
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
Challenges to the execution of reform plans
The sales channel reform guided by the company is quite drastic. The planned shift of
more than 20% of total supply of Moutai spirits from distributors to direct sales channel
will not be easy given the following considerations:
Pricing and distribution in direct sales channels
According to the management, 17,000 tons out of 31,000 tons of Moutai spirits will be
signed to distributors in 2019. Although actual shipments to distributors and total supply
may be higher than guided numbers, we believe sales through distributors in 2019 will
be significantly lower vs. our estimated c.25,000 tons in 2018, implying sales through
direct channels will have to make up the difference.
We believe the most feasible and straightforward way for Moutai is to push product sales
through self-owned stores but the key question is - will the company look to open new
stores or just increase the supply to each store? Opening new stores would take time
and also increase CAPEX (the company opened 34 self-owned stores in 2012 at
CAPEX of Rmb850mn), while increasing supply to existing stores can also lead to
inventory pile up and therefore lead to price pressure, in our view.
Supermarkets - price balance needed to incentivize sales
For direct sales through supermarkets, there is still uncertainty on how it may proceed. It
could potentially look to build joint-ventures with large supermarket groups or just sign
contract to deliver products, where we believe pricing could be an issue. Theoretically,
the ex-factory price to supermarkets should be higher than the price to distributors and
lower than retail price. If the price is set high, supermarkets will not have strong incentive
to sell and this may affect volumes; but if the price is set low, the company signs.
margin will narrow.
E-Commerce - potential for conflict with parent; Cloud platform did not perform as
expected
For direct sales through e-com, the main issue is the conflict of interest with the parent
group, in our view. Moutai company sold 4%-5% of Moutai spirits to its parent group in
the past several years, according to our estimates, but both Moutai company and its
parent group also sell Moutai spirits online. The parent company sells Moutai spirits to
Moutai E-com Company (25% owned by Moutai and 73% by the parent group), who
then sells them to third party e-com platforms like Tmall/Taobao or directly to end
customers through Moutai Cloud Store.
Moutai E-com Company is the operator of brand online flagship stores on third party
e-coms. Compared with c.1000 tons sold via Moutai E-com Company in 2018, Moutai
company only sold c.120 tons directly to third party e-platforms according to our
estimates.
Since Moutai only owns 25% stake of Moutai E-com Company, we believe there is the
possibility of business competition and conflict of interest with the parent. It still remains
2019年1月22日
全球投资研究
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
to be seen whether the parent company will cede control of Moutai E-com Company to
Moutai to reconcile this conflict.
Moutai Cloud E-com Platform, as a strategic e-commerce platform developed by Moutai
E-com Company, was officially launched in 2016. Moutai aimed to alleviate short-term
rising pressure on Moutai spirits' retail price and tap a larger chunk of the profit pool by
pushing product sales onto this platform at a company guided price. However, due to the
price gap between guided price and market price (company guided price is lower than
market retail price), arbitrage opportunities arose. Scalpers tried to take advantage of
this arbitrage opportunity by buying as much Moutai spirits as they could through Moutai
Cloud E-com Platform at a lower price, and then selling to individual consumers at the
market retail price. As a result, Moutai started controlling sales through its Cloud E-com
Platform and only allowed limited purchase per capita. However, its efforts did not have
the desired results as speculators managed to circumvent the system.
Taking 2018 CNY as an example, the market price for 53% vol Feitian Moutai was Rmb
1800/bottle in retail stores while the guided price offered by Cloud Platform was Rmb
1499/bottle. Some speculators used software to automatically place orders on Moutai
Cloud E-com Platform and snapped up quotas as soon as the company released any.
This squeezed out actual consumers who were not able to buy even one bottle, even
after sometimes waiting for hours. Even after Moutai added advanced technologies like
ID identification/face identification to its Cloud Platform to prevent speculation in Sep
2018, scalpers still devised ways to find arbitrage opportunities (such as hiring people,
often students or senior citizens, to buy the products instead). As a consequence, the
company withdrew its plans of selling 30% of distributors' allocated product through
the Cloud E-com platform, which was proposed by the company on Nov 2017, and sales
through this channel is relative constrained nowadays (30-40% of distributors'
allocated volume in 2017 vs c.10% in 2018, according to our estimates). In many ways,
the reforms announced in December 2018 supersede the 2017 online plan.
Written notes and Customized - not moving the dial
For the remaining direct sales channels including written-note and customized products,
we believe there are two key concerns. First, will it be possible for the company to
completely stop sales through written-note? As mentioned earlier, the company's focus
on stamping out corruption is the main reason for the current sales channel reform, and
management has noted its intention to get rid of the written-note channel. This channel
represents c.33% of direct sales volume in 2018 according to our estimates, but we
expect this to fall to c.8% in 2019.
Second, the ex-factory price of customized product is still low (Rmb 1299/bottle for 53%
Vol Feitian Moutai) compared to the retail price of standard products (Rmb 1800/bottle
for 53% Vol Feitian Moutai). Since customized products cannot be readily resold, there
is no arbitrage opportunity, but still, we believe Moutai will need to think of pricing and
keep a balance between price and volume for customized product.
2019年1月22日
全球投资研究
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
Price gap is the key to success in direct sales channels
In our view, price gap is the overriding factor that affects the direct sales volume. In
2012, Moutai had an aggressive plan to open 100+ self-owned stores but this did not
materialize. The price gap between retail price and ex-factory price of Feitian Moutai
peaked at the end of 2011 and Moutai wanted to take this profit by opening self-owned
stores.
However, the price gap narrowed swiftly in 2012 due to the fall in retail prices post the
implementation of the government's anti-corruption campaign. As a result, operating
self-owned stores became less profitable and Moutai discarded the plan for rapid
increase of its direct stores. Historically, we have seen that opening self-owned stores
has been a good strategy for Moutai, where it could offer appealing retail price on
products sold through its self owned stores - especially when retail prices at third party
distributors are high. Nevertheless, during low consumption cycles when distributor
margins are already thin, self owned stores may not be able to offer a better price given
the market price is already close to ex-factory price, in which case sales volume through
self-owned stores may decrease sharply.
Can direct sales fully substitute for distributors? No, but we expect the share to
normalise at 50%
Although company intends to increasingly focus on direct sales channel to replace part
of the distributor channel, we do not believe that the distributor channel can be
completely replaced. Distributors, especially big distributors, have their unique sales
networks and relationships with buyers, which we think makes it very unlikely that
Moutai could or would want to completely eliminate them from its sales structure. Hence,
going forward, we expect the distributor channel to still contribute ~50% of total sales
volume for Moutai.
Will a change in sales channel structure likely solve corruption issues?
In our view, the key reason for the change in the sales channel structure is that direct
sales is less likely to give rise to rent-seeking opportunities and corruption within Moutai.
We note that Moutai has been tackling issues inside the company as recently as Nov,
2018, when the chairman of Moutai E-com Company was removed after "internal
inspections" were carried out. The new management team acknowledged, in its letter
to distributors, that illegal operations, rent-seeking problems, connected transactions
and information leakage have long existed at Moutai E-com Company but it is resolute in
working to eradicate these issues. Based on recent steps by the management, including
the change in its sales structure, we are increasingly confident on the company making
progress on this front. However, it remains to be seen how much these reforms will meet
their aims and effect earnings. That said, we give credit to the company for embarking
on these reforms, which we expect to be most visible in higher ASPs (see below).
2019年1月22日
全球投资研究
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
What's the current sales channel at the ex-factory level?
Currently, at the ex-factory level, Moutai has four sales channels: (1) Domestic
Distributor channel; (2) Export channel; (3) Supply to parent group; and (4) Direct sales
channel.
Domestic Distributor channel: There are a total of 1,829 domestic distributors for
Moutai spirits according to the company website, including 455 Franchised Dealers, and
1285 Franchised Stores. In the past five years, distributor channel has been the
dominant sales channel, taking 80%+ of annual its supply. For the brand's flagship
product Feitian Moutai, the company now supplies to Franchised Dealers and
Franchised Stores at the ex-factory price of Rmb969/bottle, and, according to our
channel check, the current wholesale price at which these distributors sell to lower-tier
distributors or retail channels is over Rmb1700/bottle, implying c.43% gross
margin(much higher than historical average of 25%). We note that these distributors
could also choose to sell directly to consumers/group buyers at a retail price of over
Rmb1800/bottle, in which case the actual gross margin for distributors could be even
higher than 43%.
2019年1月22日
全球投资研究
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
The company's franchised stores have been positioned in the form of retail stores in
various city centres to provide better access to consumers, and we highlight that there
are new forms of Franchised Stores launched in recent years, including stores in airports
and high speed railway stations. However, according to the company website, there are
only 18 Flagship Franchised Stores in airports/high speed railway stations across the
region, accounting for a relative small portion among its 1,285 Franchised Stores.
全球投资研究
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
2) Export channel: There are currently 62 overseas distributors for Moutai spirits. In
2017, export revenue including sales of Moutai spirits and series products accounted for
tons, c.7% of total Moutai spirits sales volume.
Connected-transaction sales to parent group. In 2018, the listco is expected to record
a sale of Rmb3.8bn (incl-VAT) to its parent group at the same ex-factory price as it sells
to domestic distributors (e.g. Feitian Moutai at the ex-factory price of Rmb969),
according to the guidance from the company. We estimate that the supply volume of
Moutai spirits to the parent group would be c.1500 tons in 2018, accounting for 5% of
total sales volume.
Currently, the parent group, together with its other subsidiaries, holds 73% of Moutai
E-com Company (Kweichow Moutai Group Electronic Commerce Co., Ltd), which sells
Moutai spirits at Tmall, and its self-owned e-commerce platform eMoutai.cn. It also sells
directly through its Moutai Cloud-Platform to its end customers. According to Moutai's
connected transaction disclosures, we estimate the sales volume of Moutai spirits from
Moutai E-com Company at c.1000 tons.
Besides, the parent group also operates three direct-owned trade companies in
Guiyang, Beijing and Shanghai, which could engage in wholesaling and group selling.
tons in 2018.
4) Direct sales. The company has disclosed its direct sales volume and revenue on a
quarterly basis in the last couple of years. For 9M18, revenue from direct sales was
Rmb3.87bn, 7.4% of its operating revenue. We estimate the 2018 revenue and sales
2019年1月22日
全球投资研究
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
volume of direct sales of Moutai spirits at Rmb7.05bn (11% of total operating
revenue)/2447 tons (7.9% of total volume).
There are a few of approaches that the company adopts for direct sales, including:
—Self-owned stores: Currently there are 36 self-owned stores, which were built during
2012 with a total expenditure of Rmb850mn. Basically the company has one self-owned
store in each province, with more than one store in big cities like Beijing and Shanghai.
Each store has c.10 tons of volume quota on average per year with differentiation
between big stores and small stores. Self-owned stores sell directly to end customers at
the officially guided price(e.g. for Feitian Moutai at Rmb1499/bottle).
—Customized products sold to group accounts: In 2014, Moutai founded the
Customized Marketing Company (with 70% stake), which specializes in providing
customized products for celebrities or corporates. After five years of operation, we
expect this subsidiary to sell c.1000 tons customized products and generate Rmb2.1bn
in 2018, accounting for only 3% of total revenue, still far from the initial target of 10% (of
total volume) set in 2014, and much lower than the Rmb5bn revenue target set for 2017.
—Written-notes: Consumers can buy products directly from the company at a
lower-than-retail price (Rmb 1499/bottle for Feitian Moutai) through a written note once
approved by management or senior executives. We estimate sales volume through this
channel to be c. 800 tons in 2018, accounting for 33%/2.6% of direct sales volume/total
volume, but for this to decrease in the coming years as the company puts increasing
emphasis on addressing misuse of this channel.
—Large supermarkets: In 2014, Moutai, Yonghui Superstores and Shenzhen
Guomaoyuan Trade Company co-founded a trade company responsible for selling
Moutai spirits to large supermarkets including Yonghui Superstores, Carrefour, Walmart
etc. This sales channel is still lagging behind others, accounting for c.5% of direct sales
volume, but we believe it will likely become the company's key focus from this year
based on its guidance on a supply shift from distributors to direct sales.
—E-com: Moutai company's direct sales through e-com is limited compared to parent
tons to parent group in 2018 and parent group leveraged Moutai E-com Company to sell
c. 1000 tons, according to our estimates. However, we estimate sale of c. 120 tons by
Moutai company directly to some large e-com platforms, such as JD.com in 2018.
2019年1月22日
全球投资研究
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
A boost to both revenues and margins
We estimate that the sales channel change will have an impact on blended ASP for
Moutai spirits and thus affect revenue, margins and earnings. Moutai's blended ASP
can be affected through 3 channels: (1) Price hike which is guided by the company; (2)
product mix change; (3) sales channel change.
that they would not implement any price hikes this year. However, due to the pre-sale
procedure, part of the products sold in 1Q18 were sold at the old price before the price
hike took effect. As a result, we estimate 1% ASP increase in 2019. For product mix
upgrade, management hoped to direct incremental sales volume to premium products,
so we think Moutai may provide more Jingpin Moutai, Vintage Moutai and Zodiac
Moutai, and accordingly drive 5% ASP increase in 2019.
Incorporating the change in sales channel mix, we estimate a 7% increase in ASP
considering higher ex-factory price through direct sales channel. Overall, we estimate
13% ASP increase for Moutai spirits in 2019.
2019年1月22日
全球投资研究
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
for non-direct sales channels including distributor channels, supply to parent group and
exports per our estimates. For direct sales channels, the overall gross margin is higher
than non-direct sales but also depends on distributions among various types of direct
sales channel. The most profitable channels have been self-owned stores and
written-note, which have managed to achieve c.95% gross profit margin historically. We
estimate the gross margin of Moutai spirits to increase 0.5ppt, from 93.8% in 2018 to
94.3% in 2019 and company EBIT margin/NP margin to increase 0.9ppt/0.7ppt to
65.9%/46% in 2019E.
We also conducted scenario analysis for this sales channel change and analyzed
blended ASP of Moutai spirits by direct sales on revenue and net profit. In our base
case, we have Rmb 1366/bottle for Moutai spirits blended ASP through direct sales in
2019, which is based on our sales channel breakdown. In the bear case/bull case, we
assume -10%/10% change on direct sales ASP. As a result, our revenue changes by
-3.0%/2.6% and net profit by -3.4%/3.0% respectively accordingly to our estimates.
What could be the other impacts beyond earnings?
As discussed in our previous report (2018 results and 2019 guidance in line, structural
reform debut), we think there are additional benefits besides earnings improvement if the
company can stick to planned sales channel reform and implement it smoothly. First, the
2019年1月22日
全球投资研究
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
company will have better control on pricing. The reality is Moutai does not have direct
control over retail price to end consumers given it sells vast majority of products to
distributors. So if it can shift more volume to direct sales especially to self-owned stores,
it will be able to interfere in market price through adjusting retail price in self-owned
stores, and as a consequence, price volatility and market risk will be reduced. Second,
closing doors for new distributors and cutting non-compliant distributors can help reduce
potential corruption behavior and enhance channel management.
Estimates and valuation
We revise up our 2019E-2021E revenue estimates by 1.2%-3.8% and 2019E-2021E
EPS by 3.5%-6.6% mainly to reflect greater ASP increase of Moutai spirits due to sales
channel changes. We introduce 2022E estimates and raise our 12-month target price to
Rmb 842(from Rmb 708) still based on 22x PE, but rolled over to 2022E, and discounted
back to 2019E (using 10% sector COE). Previously we used 22x 2021E PE, discounted
back to 2018. Maintain Buy (on CL) on its market leading position and visible growth
potential.
Key risks: Consumption slowdown driven by worsening macro environment, corporate
governance problems due to management changes, and slower than expected sales
channel shift from distributors to direct sales.
2019年1月22日
全球投资研究
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
2019年1月22日
全球投资研究
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)
信息披露附录
本人，廖绪发, CFA，在此申明，本报告所表述的所有观点准确反映了本人对上述公司或其证券的个人看法。此外，本人薪金的任何部分不曾与，不与，
也将不会与本报告中的具体推荐意见或观点直接或间接相关。
投资摘要
投资摘要部分通过将一只股票的主要指标与其行业和市场相比较来评价该股的投资环境。所描述的四个主要指标包括增长、回报、估值倍数和波动性。增
长、回报和估值倍数都是运用数种方法综合计算而成，以确定该股在地区研究行业内所处的百分位排名。
每项指标的准确计算方式可能随着财务年度、行业和所属地区的不同而有所变化，但标准方法如下:
增长是下一年预测与当前年度预测的综合比较，如每股盈利、EBITDA 和收入等。 回报是各项资本回报指标一年预测的加总，如CROCI、平均运用资本
回报率和净资产回报率。 估值倍数根据一年预期估值比率综合计算，如市盈率、股息收益率、EV/FCF、EV/EBITDA、EV/DACF、市净率。 波动性根据
12个月的历史波动性计算并经股息调整。
并购评分
在我们的全球覆盖范围中，我们使用并购框架来分析股票，综合考虑定性和定量因素（各行业和地区可能会有所不同）以计入某些公司被收购的可能性。
然后我们按照从1到3对公司进行并购评分，其中1分代表公司成为并购标的的概率较高(30%-50%)，2分代表概率为中等(15%-30%)，3分代表概率较低
Quantum
Quantum是提供具体财务报表数据历史、预测和比率的高盛专有数据库，它可以用于对单一公司的深入分析，或在不同行业和市场的公司之间进行比
GS SUSTAIN
GS SUSTAIN是一项侧重于通过发现优质行业领先企业而实现长期超额收益的全球投资策略。GS SUSTAIN 50关注名单列出了我们认为凭借出色的资本
回报、具有可持续性的竞争优势和对ESG（环境、社会和企业治理）风险的有效管理而有望在长期内相对于全球同业表现出色的行业领军企业。候选企
业主要基于对企业在这三方面表现的综合量化分析筛选而出。
相关的股票研究范围
廖绪发, CFA: A股传媒、A股食品饮料。
A股食品饮料: Anhui Gujing Distillery Co.、Jiangsu King’s Luck Brewery、Jiangsu Yanghe、Kweichow Moutai、Luzhou Laojiao、Qinghai Huzhu
Barley Wine Co., Shanxi Xinghuacun Fen Wine, Sichuan Swellfun Co., Tsingtao Brewery (A), Wuliangye Yibin。
A股传媒: Alpha Group、Beijing Enlight Media Co.、Beijing Gehua CATV、Beijing Hualubaina Film & TV Co.、BlueFocus Communication、China
South Publishing & Media、Focus Media Information Tech、Guangdong Advertising、Huayi Brothers Media、IMAX China Holding、Jiangsu
Phoenix, Oriental Pearl, Ourpalm Co., Wanda Film, Zhejiang Huace Film & TV.
信息披露
与公司有关的法定披露
的公司之间的关系。
高盛高华在今后3个月中预计将从下述公司获得或寻求获得投资银行服务报酬: Kweichow Moutai (Rmb665.66)
高盛高华在过去12个月中与下述公司存在投资银行客户关系: Kweichow Moutai (Rmb665.66)
公司评级、研究行业及评级和相关定义
回报决定。任何未获得买入或卖出评级且拥有活跃评级（即不属于暂停评级、暂无评级、暂停研究或没有研究的股票）的股票均被视为中性评级。每个地
行业中买入和卖出评级的分布可能根据地区投资评估委员会的决定而有所不同。此外，每个地区投资评估委员会管理着地区强力买入或卖出名单，该名单
对这些股票的投资评级发生了改变。
评级中的其中一项代表其根据行业历史基本面及／或估值对研究对象的投资前景的看法。        具吸引力(A)：未来12个月内投资前景优于研究范围的历史基本
面及／或估值。 中性(N): 未来12个月内投资前景相对研究范围的历史基本面及／或估值持平。 谨慎(C): 未来12个月内投资前景劣于研究范围的历史基
本面及／或估值。
以除去。 暂停评级(RS)：由于缺乏足够的基础去确定投资评级或价格目标，或在发表报告方面存在法律、监管或政策的限制，我们已经暂停对这种股票
给予投资评级和价格目标。此前对这种股票作出的投资评级和价格目标(如有的话)将不再有效，因此投资者不应依赖该等资料。 暂停研究(CS)：我们已经
暂停对该公司的研究。 没有研究(NC)：我们没有对该公司进行研究。 不存在或不适用(NA)：此资料不存在或不适用。 无意义(NM)：此资料无意义，因
此不包括在报告内。
一般披露
本报告在中国由高华证券分发。高华证券具备证券投资咨询业务资格。
2019年1月22日
全球投资研究
贵州茅台 (600519.SS)