800g is above the level of lifting camp, watch the light, middle and middle (300308), the long-term growth of the module tap.
In the case of Zhao Liangbi, the company recently released its 2023 performance report, and during the reporting period it achieved revenues of 10.725 billion yuan, while high-speed products raised the company ' s overall profit rate and the quality of its revenues continued to rise.
The adjustment of the ai ari ari arithmetic needs and associated capital expenditures has led to a significant increase in the demand for high-speed light modules such as 800g, and has accelerated the technological rotation of high-speed light module products. During the reporting period, benefits have been derived from a significant increase in the share of high-end products such as 800g and from continued optimization of product design, company collection, net return to the mother, and
On the one hand, there has been an increase in the collection ratio of 23q2-23q4, and the rate of increase in the recovery ratio has been higher than during the same period in 2022; on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, the net return profit ratio of 2302-2304, the rate of growth of the net profit margin of the company has been significantly higher than the rate of increase in the return margin.
Data for the same period in 2022. Together, it can be seen that the quality of the company’s collections has improved faster, with the volume of new products gradually increasing the company’s profitability level. 800g products are on the rise, with the company benefiting first or foremost from the industry. We think the light module.
The company, as a leading industrial manufacturer, is expected to benefit from the upgrading process as the 400g light module product progresses towards maturity, while the flow of high-fought 800g light module products is gradually being imported.
With the constant catalyzing of the relative depth of 300, and the further development of the ai, and the build-up of the nation's macro-strategy and intelligence calculations, the country's cloud producers are expected to move from 100g, 200g light modules to 200g, and the growth of the population.
The 400g, 800g speed light module has been upgraded, while overseas cloud producers have been able to adjust their overall capital spending, i side capital spending has remained at a high rate, and as giants like Apple have shifted towards the ai, the 800g industry is expected to build on 2023, subject to the continuous development of the ai and, for example, the Sora.
Innovative applications are widespread, high Māori products are expected to be imported faster, companies are expected to continue to increase their income and profit levels as light module champions. Investment proposal: We believe that as the Internet giants move further towards the i and large model layouts, gpu is expected to do so.
The server will lead the intelligence base or will be one of the main directions for the year 2024 and the future. The demand for high-fluorescent 800g and higher-speed light modules will increase gradually. The year 2024 will be an important year for high-speed light, while the development and testing of a higher-speed 1.6 t light module may be further advanced.
As a leader in the industry, the division is expected to continue to benefit from the high growth of the industry. The Mid-Standards are being evaluated semi-annually: a constant reference to the quality of the collections, a consideration of the company’s leading business position and core technological competitiveness, and a “recommended” rating of the company.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.