Midlife Cream (300308.sz) How's the year's high performance, and the ai will continue to drive high-speed light module bursting growth.
High-end products such as 800g light modules drive profit growth: q4, the company collected 3,695 million yuan, an increase of 33.05 per cent in the same year, 22.11 per cent in the ring, 885 million in the net profit from the mother, a rise in the same year.
The rapid growth of demand in the closed-ai area, with a significant increase in the share of high-end products coming out, companies believe that the current global-ai era is still growing rapidly, that the huge demand in the relevant arithmetic areas is more sustained, and that corporate revenue is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the future, with profitability or will remain high.
The company is a global leader in the field of light modules, 1.6t, cpo, and so on: based on this front-loading performance guide, demand in the area of the ai chip is increasing by more than 50% at a compound rate and production heat continues to rise. The light module is the core area of the computing industry, and companies are locked in the world.
In terms of new products, the company ' s 1.6t light module product has been published and sent to relevant overseas customers; and cpo technology company.
Research and development has also continued, and is now in the forefront of the industry. We believe that the future of the company's technology storage and product mix is well-positioned and is expected to maintain a leading role in the industry in an era of high demand.
In the beginning of the 'ai ' era, the Arithmetic people have benefited significantly: over the past year, the aigc field has been affected, the demand for training ai ' s arithmetic has increased by 300,000 times, and the emergence of large-scale models has since added to the share of institutional investors in circulation a.
The company expects the high-speed light module to grow further in the next few quarters, especially in the 800g new product ring ratio, which will further boost the growth and profitability of this year's harvest as a result of the higher than expected demand in aigc-related areas.
We believe that the rigid demands of the i market for global computing, the policy pushers, the higher-than-expected construction needs in the countries under consideration, the 800g light module of the company and the future 1.6t light-model products, or the next two to three years, will be revenue-earning in the context of global computing demands.
Profit forecasts: the 800g revolution brought about by the ai continues to outpace expectations and the industry is expected to have an impact over the next two years;3 and overseas cloud producers’ capital expenditures are below expectations.chinaresearchdeept.com.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.