The high speed of demand for the high-speed light module, the four-quarter growth of the profit continuity ring, the four-quarter continuation of the net profit growth trend, and the year-round rapid growth of performance.
Performance predicts a projected net return of $200.0-230.0 billion, an increase of 63.4-87.9 per cent over the previous year; a rapid increase in the company ' s performance throughout the year, benefiting from the release of demand for the development-led high-speed light module. Demand for high-speed light modules, such as 800g, has increased significantly. Since 2023, arithmetic needs and associated capital have grown.
Supported by a significant increase in demand for high-speed light modules such as 800g. From this, the company’s revenue and profits from 52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices have steadily increased and, according to the company’s announcement, a single-form report for its subsidiary Suzhou, net of equity incentive costs.
Prior to the impact of the net profit, Sioux Occidental was expected to realize a single net profit of about $220-2.770 billion, accelerated by technology, and new products such as the company’s forward-looking layout of 1.6t. The multigpu-distributed parallel training must address inter-server communication bottlenecks and improve web bandwidth as a central concern of the training cluster.
One. In the context of the accelerated development of the ai, the high-speed light module technology is expected to accelerate, with the company ' s forward-viewing 1.6t light module product, which, according to the previous announcement, is expected to enter the distribution and validation stages in 2024, starting in 2025, to meet the continuing needs of priority clients for higher numeracy and bandwidth.
The global head light module is strong and fully benefiting the fast-growing demand of the one. Global arithmetic input is expected to increase continuously, and, according to the four-quarter plan, the station ' s power management is expected to generate close to 20% of the company ' s revenue in 2027, with a compound increase in the demand for the ai chip in the next few years.
50%. According to the list of light module manufacturers released by Lightning in 2022, middle-and-middle-and-sz (300308.sz) and third quarter of 2023 saw profits grow by 89.45%, coherent is ranked first in the world, light module head is strong, and companies are expected to benefit fully from industrial dividends.
Middle Quest (300308.sz)-800g light module release leads to profitability enhancement. Middle Quest (300308.sz) - profitability increases. 800g demand is expected to add up. Investment proposal: increase profit forecast, maintain buy-in rating.
Mid-Screen (300308.sz) - Performance is at the midpoint of the forecast and continues to benefit from the high end product, taking into account that the ai is in a fast-growing phase, that the light module is a hardware component, and that the company has increased its profitability as a full Queen-Screen (300308.sz) - second quarter.
The world’s head-light module manufacturers are expected to benefit fully from the fast-growing demand for high-speed light modules, such as 800g. With the accelerated trend of integrated technology and a strong industry demand, we have increased the number of good companies from 2023 to 2025 to benefit from the continuous release of arithmetic infrastructure needs, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Figure 1: Medium-to-Middle-to-Medium Business Income and Growth (million yuan, per cent) Figure 2: Medium-to-Medium Business Income and Growth (million yuan, per cent) Figure 3: Medium-Tomory Net Profits and Growth (million yuan, per cent)
Figure 4: One-quarter net profit and increase (in millions of dollars, per cent) for the middle-seasonization cycle, figure 6: Three cost-rate changes for the middle-rise quarter, figure 5: one-quarter Māori rate for the middle-rise and changes in net interest rates
Figure 7: Cash flow situation for middle-rises (millions) Figure 8: Medium-rise inventories and quarterly movements (millions) Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
Low-speed light module: The company continues to optimize its delivery structure, and it is expected that in the future the share of revenues from low- and medium-end light module will be further reduced, taking into account that the market itself is also upgrading its light-rate rate, and that demand for low- and medium-end light module will continue to decrease, maintaining previous income and Maori ratio assumptions.
At the same time, the technology has accelerated, the company expects 1.6t light module products to enter testing and testing in 2024, and the annual drop in light module products has somewhat mitigated the impact on the Māori rate.
Cost of R & D: As income increases rapidly, there is a certain decrease in the cost rate under scale effects, and based on this adjustment of management costs of the company: taking into account factors such as the company ' s management rate of 4.12 per cent in the previous three quarters and the cost of integrated equity incentives,
Investment proposal: Considering that the one is in a fast-growing phase, the light module is a hardware requirement, and the company, as a head-light module manufacturer, is expected to benefit fully from the rapid increase in the demand for high-speed light modules, such as 800g. The combination of technology has accelerated the trend and industry has become more demanding, and we have increased the company ' s profit forecast for 2023-2025.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject