The year 2023 saw a significant increase in profits, and the demand for high-end light modules continued — the mid-end Xinz incident assessment report  the high-end product acceleration, driving the company to perform on a year-on-year basis for 2023.
A significant increase in performance throughout the year was the result of a surge in arithmetical demand in 2023, which led to a significant increase in demand for 800 g light modules; and (2) adequate preparation of companies in terms of capacity-building, procurement of raw materials and guaranteed delivery capacity
In the first three quarters of 2023, the Māori rate and the net interest rate, respectively, became strong global arithmetic, with companies expected to expand in the first half of 2024.
In the context of the i-wave acceleration of technology products, the demand for arithmetic and the demand for bandwidth has surged, creating more market opportunities. The company started in the second half of 2023, with most 400g light module requirements associated with Ethernet, targeting Ethernet.
The 800g light module requirement for the switch is expected to start in the second half of 2024. In addition, the upcoming release of the h20 chip by Invelda and the gemini model by Google will further boost the need for the 800g light module, which is expected to be 800g light in 2024.
The market size of the modules will double. The ring has increased in 24 years, according to the visibility of the current company orders. Moreover, the company’s shortage of core raw materials, such as dsp and eml, has been mitigated and the ring growth has been achieved in q3 and q4 in 2023.
Building production capacity on a continuous basis, with the possibility of further deployment of 400 g and 800 g silicon light modules, and expanding the delivery ratio. Therefore, we appreciate that the company ' s 400g and 800g performances maintain 1.6 t light module/silicon light programmes are well under way, with an advanced deployment of new technology.
The company, as a leading global light module manufacturer, has been maintaining high R & D inputs, with a significant lead speed. The company released the 1.6 t light module at the ofc exhibition in March 2023, and has completed its research and development work, which is expected to be tested and tested in 2024.
Authentication and start of small batch production for some of the priority clients in the second half of the year, beginning in 2025. The next generation of British Weida flagship chip b100 will be released in 2024, and the 1.6t light module is expected to be available in the second and third quarters, as is customary.
With regard to silicon light technology, the company's 400g and 800g products have already been partially applied to silicon light technology and tested for delivery by large clients, which are expected to increase the procurement of silicon light modules.
For example, the company also plans to apply silicon light programs to meet the needs of different clients, such as 1.6t and the trunking light module. With regard to the lpo series, which is low-capacity and time-consuming, the company has introduced solutions and presented models to overseas clients to prepare for long-term development.
At the same time, the Division has been actively developing new technologies, responding to the next generation of light modules, and continuing to develop silicon light technology, cpo and 3d containment technology, 40.8, 22.1, 17.7 times, respectively, which we believe to be in the British Warfare.
With the arithmetic demands of big models like Bu and Googlegemini, companies are expected to continue to benefit as global light module pioneers, covering for the first time, giving “the risk of increased competition in the industry; the risk of new research and development in new products; and the size of the company”
Management risks associated with expansion; risk of product being released below expectations; downstream demand below expectations.
Mao Jianxin: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of work experience in American semiconductor companies, participation in the advanced process of leading semiconductor manufacturers worldwide, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, and employment in Ko Yonghau, 2018-2020: Doctor of Physics, University of Gangdan, successively in China Tech Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate
Lu Dzhoyang: A Master's degree from the National University of Australia, formerly in Fangzheng Seok, four years of experience in research. 2023 Zhang Jun: Master of Arts from the University of Hong Kong, graduate in economics, joined Chinese securities studies in December 2023 to reflect my research views. I have not, and will not be, pushed forward in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.