Mid-City (300308.sz) High year-round performance growth continues to look forward to the new year's high-speed light module market.
High-end products, such as 800g light modules, drive profit growth: q4, the company expects a net return profit due to a reduction in the company ' s combined net profit due to equity incentive costs of approximately $138 million, or approximately $2.227 billion if the net profit effect of equity incentive costs on a subsidiary, Suzhou, is deducted.
The same-year increase of 65.6 per cent to 103.2 per cent q4 is a record high, and we judge that this is mainly due to the rapid growth in demand in the ai area associated with the 800g light module, which, due to the significant increase in the share of high-end products coming out, and the continuous optimization of product design, is one in terms of product income, Maori, net profit rates, etc.
We believe that the current global era is still growing rapidly, that the huge demand for the relevant arithmetic fields is more sustainable, and that the company’s performance is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the future.
And the light module is the core of the computing industry, and the company is firmly in the world’s leading position, and according to the Lightcounting 2022 company, middle-class and coherent
In the first place in the world, the head is strong, and the future is expected to continue to benefit from the associated product mix that the ai field brings, and the arithmetic people have benefited from the advent of the arithmetic era: over the past year, the aigc field has been affected.
The demand for training ai's arithmetic increased by 300,000 times in the year, and the emergence of large-scale models and the share of institutional investors in the flowa share accelerated the demand for training arithmetic, which is 10 to 100 times as much as the original aigc in the future.
In terms of demand in the industrial intelligence-related areas, the company expects the high-speed light module to grow further in the next few quarters, especially in the 800g new product ring ratio, which will further boost the growth and profitability of this year’s harvest. We believe that the i market’s rigid demand for global numeracy, and the policy push for the next country.
Intra-calculation super-expected construction needs are high, and the company's 800g light module and the future 1.6t light-mode product will either be a collection of profit and a cutback in the next two to three years against the backdrop of global computing needs.
Profit forecasts: The 800g revolution brought about by the ai continues to outpace expectations and the industry is expected to spend less capital on overseas cloud producers over the next two years.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and is based on the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... is not a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.