Performance forecast for 2023: Performance is over-expected, expectations hold, and Suzhou realizes a single net profit of $2.2 billion to $2.7 billion, up from 2022.
Billion dollars; 2) depreciation amortization of fixed assets and intangible assets, such as Sioux State, storage technology and Kwanyo Electronics; 3) retention of stock and receivables of subsidiaries, not to be reduced by approximately $80 million or $7 million; 4) external exposure to industry climate and price competition
The impact is that the affiliates’ performance in the capital stock runs down by about $50 million, with a reduction of about $500 million. The surge in arithmetic demand and associated capital spending has driven high-speed light modules like 800g since the beginning of the year, requiring significant growth and accelerating the technological overlap of high-speed light module products; and the 800g high end in 2023.
The share of product exports has increased significantly, product design has been optimized, income from 23q4800g has reached about 50 per cent, and corporate income from products, Māori and net profit rates have continued to rise steadily.) High industrial chains. Quarterly reviews: profitability continues to rise.
Growth with high certainty: The performance of industry chain players like Yveta, Skyfu, and Microcomputers has increased significantly and year after year. 3) The industrial chain is high-continuity: we expect high-speed products to open space on a continuous basis according to the expected performance of power on the table.
In 2027, the global market for arithmetic chips will reach $360 billion.  The company is stable at both the supply and demand ends of the industry chain and is expected to capture demand to open up the performance space on a continuous basis.
Upstream supply end: we think intermiddle creation is a leading industry venture in the light module industry, and in the industrial chain, we report that when there is a shortage of raw materials such as photovoltaic chips, the stability of raw materials such as photovoltaic chips can be maximized.
Remarkably, expect ai high-speed light module to accelerate release Downstream demand end: We believe that companies have a stable supply relationship with important downstream customers, and that in the context of a wave of accelerated technology products, companies can take the lead in completing silicon.
R & D test volumes of new products, 1.6t, are expected to maintain an objective and stable share of the customer’s share.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account the continued release of high-speed light modules, will boost corporate revenue and profits, R & D falls short of expectations: increased industry competition: supply of raw materials is scarce.
The Middle East Stock Exchange Company, Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has acquired the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business.