The company is a large energy company under China’s flag. The company is a large energy company that brings together coal production and trade, coalworking, power generation, and coal mining equipment to create four major industries. China’s controlling shareholder, Chinese Coal, is the State Council.
Coal is the company's most important business (26,860 million tons), with a mineable life (117) being second in the plate; it produces 166 million tons.
In terms of prices, the chairman of the company has agreed to over 80% of coal, a stable 52-week maximum/minimum price year, an active push for the construction of new mines like the ocean, yield growth over time, and cost-end, reasonable control of costs.
Coal industry: Production growth is robust, and industrial synergies are becoming apparent. According to industry, coal industry is the second largest company, accounting for about 9.8 per cent of the 2023h1 battalion and about 6.9 per cent of the company ' s coal industry.
Year; 900,000 tonnes/year polyolefins and 2.2 million tonnes/year methanol projects are under construction, with expected co-benefits in the post-partum industry and significant production scale effects. Investment value analysis: higher prices, higher potential for higher dividends.
New mines like Reeds and Reeds can boost production, and the assets of the Central Coal Group are expected to be injected. High- and long-term operations are stable, and cash flows are expected to be more robust, with a greater potential for increasing the red rate.
As business stabilizes, cash flows are more robust and the dividends are expected to rise. The first coverage is rated as “buy-in.”
Company profile: Coal-based, industry-based, world-based, large energy companies that are back-to-back with China's coal energy sources (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) are China's Coal Energy Group Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the group”)
The company is a major energy source under China’s flag. It is a sole joint-stock company founded by coal collectors on 22 August 2006 and listed in Hong Kong in December 2006 and February 2008, respectively.
Production and trade, coal-chemicals, electricity generation, coal-mining equipment, and large-scale energy enterprises with four major industries. As of the third quarter of 2023, coal-mining equipment made four major industries out of the controlling shareholders.
China holds 57.37% of the shares of China’s coal companies. China’s coal is a large-scale energy enterprise managed by the State Council’s State Finance Committee, with China’s three listed companies, with China’s coal energy sources, Shanghai’s energy sources, and China’s new energy pools; among them, Shanghai’s energy sources are China’s coal.
China Coal, a controlling shareholder, is a State-owned company run by the State Treasury Committee of the Council of State.
Corporate development strategy: Deeply grasping global energy revolution trends and the inherent demand for high-quality development of central energy enterprises, 57.37 per cent of shares. Benefiting from coal, promoting high-quality development, focusing on deepening structural reforms on the supply side, and advancing carbon peaks,
The full implementation of the new four revolutions, one partnership and energy security strategy has been significant since 2021.
The “2035 world-class” strategy and the “stock efficiency, incremental transformation” approach to development build on a strong coal-based, coal-based clean and efficient transformation of industries using both industries and integrated energy services industries, and on a high-quality, energy-intensive, high-quality, industry-led, industry-led and industry-led approach to coal development, with new and emerging strategic industries as important growth poles
Modern industry chain-long enterprises that build multi-complementary, green low-carbon, innovative demonstration, and modern world-class energy firms. Specifically, one is the robust development of coal production and trade industries; the other is the optimal development of coal, the clean low-carbon transformation industries; the third is the intensive development of cleaner energy industries that complement each other; and the fourth is the transformation and upgrading of energy sources.
The principle of safety, efficiency, and the promotion of the clean and efficient development of coal, differentiated the development of large coal bases such as Shanxi, Inner Mongolia, Xinxi and Xinjiang, based on such factors as coal resource endowments, market areas, etc.
The company is rich in coal resources, diversified coal products and modern coal mining, washing and blending techniques; the Shanxi Pysaku mine, the Inner Mongol Oyshugilt mine, is an important powered coal production base in the country.
Mine is a high-quality coal base for low-sulphur, ultra-low-phosphorus, and the mine site in Sanxi Jin City is a high-quality national smoke-free base; the main coal production bases are equipped with well-connected coal transport routes and connected to coal ports. Modern coal-chemical industries such as acetylene, coal urea, etc., optimize the development of coal-carrying industries, with products consisting mainly of aromatic hydrocarbons,
Using advanced gasification techniques and energy-efficient environmental standards, companies focus on building large coal-chemical sites in Mongolia, Xinxi, Shanxi, and others.
(iii) Coal mining equipment operations: 2023h1 coal mine equipment operations accounted for about 5.0 per cent of the company's revenue and Māori for about 3.6 per cent of the company's equipment manufacture.
Integrated energy service systems, industrial size, technological equipment levels, product package capacity, combined competitive power are at the forefront of the industry, leading domestic efforts to develop high-end, set-up, intellectually capable R & D manufacturing services, technology levels and market ownership, and the United States, Russians and the United States of America are overselling products.
Countries and territories such as Spain, Australia, India, Viet Nam, Turkey, with the aim of optimizing industrial structures and eliminating self-produced coal, companies actively develop environmentally friendly pit power plants and low-quality coal-sharing power plants, participate in the downstream power plant project, promote coal-consortium and coal-fired power integration, and actively build low-cost plants.
The unique advantages of cost, efficiency, and integrated use of resources, with more than 10 million tons of refined coal by-products such as coal silt, coal masonry and so on annually, effectively contribute to energy-saving emission reductions and integrated use of resources.
In 2021, the price of power coal rose to about 2000 yuan per ton. In 2022, the Russian-Turkish conflict and the energy crisis abroad affected the country.
In 2023, as the energy crisis eased, imports of coal from overseas increased, domestic coal increased production became available and coal prices fell, but the situation of safe production remained critical and coal prices remained high. In 2024, coal prices are expected to remain high with the expectation of a contraction in supply.
Since the structural reforms on the supply side, corporate revenue has grown steadily. Since the structural reforms on the supply side in 2016, the country’s reduced supply has been reduced by the phasing out of its production capacity, with the expansion of its advanced production capacity and a new concentration of production capacity.
22,577 million yuan a year. In 2022, the company achieved business income of $22,577 million, a decline of 8.03 per cent in the same year. The main company has a Māori rate per plate, which is more than 5 per cent of the total revenue of the company, and the impact of higher prices, price fluctuations in the coal industry, and so forth, on the low rate of volatility; the manufacturing of coal mine equipment benefits.
The Māori rate is increasing as business expands and product structure continues to optimize. Figure 8: Notice of the Company ' s Māori and Composition (Billions of Dollars) Equity Scheme. According to the announcement, the company ' s controlling shareholder, China ' s China Coal Energy Group Ltd.
In the next 12 months, it is planned to introduce centralized competition through the Shanghai Stock Exchange, with both self-financing and self-financing.
The company’s coal resources are distributed mainly in the Shinmong region, the coal production development scheme is concentrated in the country’s planned energy base and in the central-western resource-rich province. As of 2022, the company’s reserves (26.860 billion tons), confirmed reserves (140.0 billion tons) and the year of harvest (117) were second in the plate.
The company’s largest mining region is located in 14 large coal-based coal-coal businesses: the Federation’s share is high, and one of the sites is the Tanbei base, which is one of the closest to the main coal-carrying ports in the country’s priority mining areas.
Coal is a high-quality coal resource for low-sulphur, ultra-low-phosphorus.
The eastern coast is one of the few mining areas close to the rapidly growing industrial centre and the China-dong (including Shanghai) coal-consuming zone, which captures Biyo. The NeoMondoshugilt mine, developed primarily by the company, is the largest in China.
81.1% Māori represents one of the high-quality powered coal bases required by Pygmies.
Tons), years of mineability (117 new coal mines have a better quality. The company’s production in 2023 in the sea has an authorized capacity of 20 million tons/year, which is the year) to be the second largest in the plate;
The mines are located in the western part of the city of Elmyang, in the province of Shaanxi, and are divided into administrative areas of the district of Elmyang, which can reach 166 million tons/year, and are under the jurisdiction of coal, close to the Central Autonomous Region of Inner Mongolia, approximately 70 kilometres from the city centre of Elmlin, with a total of 4,786 million tons of resources.
Production is third in the plate. Prices are designed to capture 3,312 million tons, with 114.6 years of service; wellfield geological formations are simple, top floors are stable, face, and the head of the company is in excess of coal.
Low gas content, excellent mining conditions, stable coal-bed storage, mainly coal-mining formations of 2, 3, 4-2 80 per cent and more stable coal prices; coal-producing formations, of which coal-bed 2 has an average thickness of 6.19 m; coal-bed 3 has an average thickness of 3.89 m, 4-2 coal-bed
In terms of volume, the company continues to boost production at an average thickness of 2.15 m; wellfield coal is of good quality, characterized by extremely low ash, low-middle sulfur, high heat, etc., and is superior and capable of approving it since 2021.
Qualitative chemical and power coal. The coal mine in the sea is also the coal industry of the Central Coal Ximex Energy Chemical Coal Company Limited. 22.1 million tonnes/year of nuclear capacity increase. (3.6 million tonnes/year of methanol, 1.35 million tonnes/year of hydrocarbons)
We're actively promoting new mines, such as the Great Sea, which is an important support for a billion tons of coal base.
At this level, reasonable control costs, marginal improvement in the cost of producing coal, new build-up and future production growth are achievable.
By 2023h1, the company had a coal production capacity of 166 million tonnes/year, at the top of the plate. By the first half of 2023, the company was producing 23 coal mines, building 2 coal mines, producing 166 million tonnes/year, with an equity capacity of 144 million tonnes/year; it also had a equity capacity of 13.6 million tonnes/year.
Coal mines are listed by the state for increased production. In 2021, the open-air coal mine reviewed production capacity of 5 million tonnes/year, and in 2022, the Wang Jiaxin mine increased production capacity by 1.5 million tonnes/year. In 2022, the Xinjiang coal mine reviewed production capacity of 600,000 tonnes/year, and in the sea, the coal mine recovered the scale of construction and increased production capacity of 5 million tonnes/year.
During the six months of the year, 5 million tonnes/year were added to the production capacity of the open coal mine, and 5 million tonnes/year were added to the production capacity of the mining mine;
Tens of thousands of tonnes/year, coal mining in the ocean has been adjusted from 15 million tonnes/year to 20 million tonnes/year, and mining in the Anjia Ridge area has been increased from 20 million tonnes/year to 25 million tonnes/year. Corporate coal priority construction projects are well under way.
In October 2023, 15 million tonnes/year of capacity were completed. The construction of the coal-free rickshaw mine, which produces 4 million tons of smoke-free coal per year, and the 2.4 million tons of reed ditch coal mine, which produces 2.4 million tons per year, were successfully advanced. In November 2023, the company Datun's Tang Jia River coal mining project was approved by the National Development Reform Commission and its construction was resumed.
The Tang Jia River coal mining project is located in the Gansu Lingenti mine, a large-scale coal base in Huang Quan, building 5 million tonnes/year, with a resource reserve of 875 million tonnes, and building coal-selection plants of the same size.
The production of coal from coal mines, 106 coal mines, the mother Doucheden coal mine, and the Narin II coal mine has gradually increased from 7554 million tons to 11,9170,000 tons. In 2022, the company completed 11,917,000 tons of commercial coal production, an increase of 4.4 per cent over the same period, followed only by China’s Shunhua and Xianxi coal industry. In 2023, the company produced coal.
The amount of coal produced by the company is increasing by 12.6 per cent from the same year, and the company ' s coal production is mainly from the Shinjong region, accounting for about 94 per cent of the total; coal production is about 91 per cent of the total; the company ' s own coal sales are on the increase and there is some volatility in the buying off of trade in coal sales. The company ' s coal sales operations include:
In the first half of 2023, the share of sales was 44 per cent, 52 per cent and 4 per cent respectively. In 2022, cumulative sales of merchandise coal were 26,295,000 tons, of which 1,234 million tons were sold, representing an increase of 7.3 per cent.
About 30% of the decline. In 2023, corporate coal sales were 28,493,000 tons, an increase of 8.4% compared to the previous year; of this amount, self-produced coal sales were 133,91 million tons, an increase of 11.3% compared with the increase of 15,102 million tons of coal sold out of trade.
The company’s primary coal efficiency is kept ahead of the industry; the cost of producing its own coal unit is at the average level of industry (well-working) compared to listed companies that have similar production capacity. The company’s reasonable cost of controlling the cost has a recent marginal effect of 16.8 tons/work.
As can be seen, the company’s own coal cost is close, with the company’s cost improving in 2023. In 2022, the company’s own commodity coal unit cost was $322.84 per ton, an increase of $0.60 per ton over the same period, an increase of 0.2 per cent.
Reasonable regulation of wage levels, payment of bonuses, and policy requirements to strengthen the formation of coal production in mining areas, gradually reducing the number of outsourced workers and increasing the cost of coal labour in ton. In January-September 2023, the cost of selling the company ' s own commodity coal unit was $294.79 per ton, a decrease of $11.39 per ton.
/tonne, 3.7 per cent decrease due mainly to a lower proportion of open-air mine stripping, lower material consumption, lower cost of tons of coal materials, and lower distribution of home-grown goods for rail transport and port miscellaneous costs as a proportion of total coal sales of company-owned goods, resulting in a lower cost of shipping tons of coal, in line with production organization arrangements and local regulatory requirements.
Figure 21: Company-owned coal unit production costs close to industry ($/tons) Figure 22: Company-owned coal utility maintenance industry leader (tonne/manufacturing)
In February 2022, the National Development Reform Commission issued a circular on further improvement of price formation mechanisms in the coal market (promotion of prices [2022] 303, short of 303), identifying medium- and long-term trading prices for coal.
Reasonable areas; April, Circular No. 4 of 2022 (Announced No. 4) was issued, clarifying that, at the end of May of that year, the national and local prices of coal for medium- and long-term transactions were reasonable. Average sales of coal power in 2022 were, respectively, 570, 622 yuan per ton, well below the market price of coal.
According to the company's announcement, the company's powered coal masters account for more than 80% of the coal, which is relatively high, performing well Coal industry: growing capacity can be expected and industrial synergies are growing.
Coalification industry: growing productive capacity, industrial synergies are growing, and, from the point of view of business, the coal industry is a company.
The company ' s coal-chemical products consist mainly of methanol, polyvinyl hydrocarbons, urea, etc., and as of the first half of 2023, the production share was about 9.8% Māori, i.e. 160, 180, 1.75 million tonnes/year.
/ Project/year and China Coal Expeditions 600,000 tonnes/year; polyolefin production involves 600,000 tonnes of carbide/Matol, annual project, 600,000 tonnes/year of Monda New Capacitation Project, 600,000 tonnes/year of Ordos Reclamation Facility Project;
urea, as of 2023h1, production of urea involves 1.75 million tonnes/year of projects in the Ordos-capable Tuque plant area.
Tons/year: 900,000 tonnes/year polyolefin and 2.2 million tonnes/year methanol project under construction, expected post-partum production
In recent years, the production of the company ' s main coal-chemical products has gradually increased as construction projects have started: 1 polyolefin (46.1% in 2023h1 in coal-chemical plates): Monroe Engineering plastics in August 2017
3 urea (2023h1 as a percentage of 26.5 per cent in coal-chemical plates): in 2018, the company activated polyurethane, figure 26: Methanol and polyolefin production still have room for growth in the company's main coal-chemical products.
China Coal-Zai Company, a capital subsidiary, intends to invest about 23.888 billion yuan in a project to build a deep-processing base for coal in the middle coal saloons. The project is designed to be 2.2 million tons methanol/year, 900,000 tons polyolefin/year, and to build 1 wave and 3 units of polyolefins and produce a series of high-end polyolefins; the total duration of the work is expected to be 30 months; and the project capital.
The gold was injected by the company, which accounted for about $7.166 billion, or 30% of the total estimated investment in the project. In 2023, the coal industry completed the approval and decision-making process for a two-year production of 900,000 tonnes of polyolefins, as well as preparatory work such as design optimization, long-cycle ordering of equipment.
The industrial synergies and production scale effects of the company’s coal processing industrial chain will be more pronounced with the completion of the coal-processing base project. The company’s main coal-processing product process route is the conversion of coal from gas to gas as a feedstock, with the clean-up and production of synthetic ammonia or methanol and synthetic ammonia and carbon dioxide for urea;
Ammonium oxidizes to nitric acid, in addition to ammonia and ammonium nitrate production; methanol reacts to ethylene, acrylic monomer, concentrated in polyethylene and polypropylene.
Coal equipment operations: high-end, intelligent development The company equipment manufacturing industry has spearheaded the development of coal mine-mining equipment packages, manufacturing and supply capabilities in the country.
In 2022, according to company announcements, it is expected to be in the top five enterprises in the field of technology, mountain reloading, Chinese coal equipment, Chung coal machine and Jingen equipment, with an overall market share of about 50%, high-end equipment and coal.
The company focuses on the market, focusing on the needs of its users, taking advantage of the opportunities of coal-mining intelligence building, promoting a transformational upgrading of “smartity, information, digitalization” and increasing the share of high-end products and high-quality market ownership.
The company completed 9.96 billion yuan worth of coal mine equipment, an increase of 5.3 per cent over the same period; the amount of the new contract increased by 25.7 per cent on the same date.
There are a large number of well-worked coal mines, well-typed and widely distributed mines, rich coal-mining areas, industrial sites, landfills, underground alleyways, mine pits, land resources and underground space resources, coal power industries and coal-chemical industries that support energy consumption, and are equipped to develop multi-energy complementary energy bases and “generous net storage”.
The company focuses on the clean and efficient conversion of coal, and focuses on new ways of developing a circular economy, such as coal-electricity-chemicals. At the operational level, it focuses on the development of modern coal-chemical industries, such as coal-fired hydrocarbons and coal-based urea, and the long-term maintenance of “stable and efficient” installations, with key production performance indicators remaining ahead of industry.
As of the first half of 2023, the company ' s new energy demonstration base in Shanghai was operating well after the first phase of the network, with a view to promoting the integration of coal-fired and coal-fired power plants into one another and actively building the special advantages of low-cost, efficient and integrated use of resources.
The 100mw photovoltaic + storage energy project is about to be completed in the course of the year, and the 100,000-ton “Liquid Sun” demonstration project has achieved the target for the wind-based hydrogen integration project in the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region. The 2x350mw low-hot coal generation project in Antherburg was completed with an investment of 408 million yuan in the first half of 2023 and is expected to be completed by 2024.
Investment value analysis: Increased in- and out-of-the-way support, the ratio of 1 to 1 to 1 to 1 and the successful start-up of the new coal mine, which is expected to be completed, taking into account the current increase in the company's nuclear production of the coal mine and the projected start-up time of the coal mine under construction.
Compared to the company ' s coal production in 2022 and its capacity as at the first half of 2023, it can be seen that, on the one hand, there is still room for the company ' s output to be released, and on the other hand, there is a reserve of available resources in Xinjiang and other areas, which will be available in the Reed Trench in 2025.
Well, on balance, it is expected that, with the release of nuclear capacity and the advancement of coal mining projects, the future production of new mines, such as corporate coal production, will increase production, and that the Chinese coal group will have assets.
Injection. With a high C.R.A. ratio, the company's performance is more stable. The former company had a lower share of dividends.
On March 25, 2021, the company issued a notice about shareholders applying for a change in their commitment to avoid competition among their counterparts, stating that coal-groups among the shareholders were committed to a change in their commitment to avoid competition.
By 11 May 2028, the Sino-Coal Resources Development Group's main business would include coal production and marketing, coal development and related projects under statutory conditions that would meet the requirements of the injection of listed companies into the Chinese coal energy sector.
There are eight coal-producing mines, five coal-producing plants, two power plants, and five coal-washing plants.
The company has seven coal-producing mines (five trenches, Southyang slopes, Yuanbao Bay, Water Springs, State Springs, Power, Power, White Sea), designed to produce 13.6 million tons of coal.
500 million tons per year; coal-carrying lines with a capacity of 20 million tons per year and coal-washing centres with a capacity of 15 million tons per year; and coal-plate power plants with a capacity of 1300 mw, in cooperation with the GLEC International Energy Corporation Ltd.
Coal, which is based on the agreement of the President, matches the company's coal price with the port's price, and can be associated with the company's coal price with the port's price.
+168.42, r2 = 0.9334. r2 refers to the correlation coefficient, the closer the r2 value to 1 and the higher the match. Corporate coal prices are less volatile.
The company's history rate is lower than the industry average.
In cases where annual profits are positive and the accumulated undistributed profits are positive, the cash-based distribution of profits is not less than 20% of the distributed profits for the year in which the consolidated statements belong to the shareholders of the parent company (based on the lower amounts under the China Business Accounting Standards and the International Financial Reporting Standards).
The cash share (including taxes) is 30% of the company’s net profit from the current year. Compared to other companies in the industry, the company’s share is at a lower level than in the industry.
Since the structural changes on the supply side in 2016, corporate money flows have reached $91 billion a year. In terms of capital spending, current corporate capital expenditures are centred around coal, coal-chemicals, electricity, coal-mining equipment, and the company ' s annual capital in 2016-2022.
Based on two: the company pb is in a lower position among its peers, and the company is expected to pay more attention to market value management and to have an external boost to the red rate, as required by the relevant policies of the National Finance Committee. In February 2022, the State Finance Committee of the Council of State published its Guidance for Central Enterprises to Accelerate the Construction of the World ' s First Class Financial Management System
See, for example, the Guidance proposes to strengthen the management of listed companies and enhance the market value and value creation capabilities of listed companies. On 5 January 2023, a meeting of heads of central enterprises was convened to test the performance of central enterprises and to optimize the indicator from the previous “two-sift-four” to “one-tour-five” ratio.
By changing the net profit to roe, the profit margin from operating income to operating cash ratio, the profit margin has further strengthened the assessment of the profitability and liquidity of state enterprises. Given the characteristics of the business in which the company is operating and the performance of the company, there is an external impetus to an increase in the dividends of the company.
On the whole, it is expected that, with coal prices remaining relatively stable and operating steadily upward in the future, corporate cash flows will become more robust, monetary funds will increase year by year, and a red rate is expected to rise.
Figure 37: Trends in China ' s fixed-term deposit rates, our profit projections are based on the following assumptions: Companies are large-scale coal production and trade, coal-chemicals, power generation, coal-mine equipment, four major industries.
(b) Coal operations: taking into account the coal price hub, based on the company ' s coal production and sales data for January-December 2023;
Coal-chemistry industry accounts for 19.980 billion yuan, 20.780 billion yuan and 21.4 billion yuan. Coal-mining equipment manufacturing operations: companies have continued to increase their share of high-end products in response to the trend of equipment intelligence, and in recent years \triangleright
Investment returns: mainly investment returns recognized by companies in proportion to the share holdings of participating enterprises, with companies mainly participating in such enterprises as Coal Xiaoyang Energy Co. Ltd. in Hebei, Yanan City Weeds and Gaps Co. Ltd., China Sky Cream Energy