Short-term performance declines, positive progress in the development of new haemophilia products, semi-annual performance appraisals, Shanghai cabbage (stock code: 002252).
Events: The company achieved operating income of 3,952 million yuan, a 7.06 per cent decrease in the same year; the mother ' s net profit of 1,030 billion yuan, a strong cash position and a robust overall asset structure. 25q2 earned operating income of 1,946 million yuan, compared to the same decline in human blood proteins and static props, with higher Māori factor classes increasing faster. 1) Protein self-production income.
□: Chengpei_yj@chinastock.com.cn Song Li Xin. 78.27% of the sales were increased by 29.70% in the same year, and the market share was stable in the industry.
First, the number of sales of human coagulation factor viii has increased by 34.40 per cent over the same period. This is mainly due to the elimination of health care restrictions on human fibrous proteins, human coagulation compounds, and a faster increase in the market for condensation factor products. 4) The revenue from the operation of detection equipment and reagents has decreased by $300 million.
Successful acquisition of Nanyo organisms, with an increase in the total slurry volume in double digits, further enhanced the competitiveness of home-grown blood products. In June 2025, the company successfully acquired Nanyo organisms, significantly expanding the slurry station coverage and product lines and consolidating its leading role in the blood industry.
There are 15 single plasma stations and two substations in Hunan province, and after this transaction, Shanghai has 11 single plasma stations and one substation in Hunan province, which are blood production in Hunan province.
Shanghai has now built six blood production bases covering Shanghai, Chengzhou, Cheon Yu, Wenzhou, Nanning, and Hsingyang, with 55 single-plastic plasma stations with a slurry of 2025h1 compared to the sr 604 entering the iib clinical trial, and the research and development system continues to improve to support innovation.
The primary sr604 injection is a monoclonic anti-institutional agent with high human affinity and a strong combination of human active protein c, specific agglomeration, and vibrate protein c anticagnosing function. Sr604 is in the iib clinical trial stage; new prophylactic treatment for haemorrhagic haemorrhage is appropriate for vascular haemorrhagic patients.
Applications for clinical trials of the symptoms have been accepted by the National Institute of Medicine, and the investment proposal is that the company is a leading domestic blood industry with a leading domestic slurry and blood-rich system (002252.sz): performance continues to grow and slurry is innovative.
2. [Galactic Medicines] company evaluation report _ Risks from Shanghai Les exchange gains; downstream demand recovery below expected risk; product sales below expected risk; Re (002252.sz): higher revenue growth than expected and one-time profit exposure
3. [Galactic Medicines] company review report _ Shanghai Lace (002252.sz): q3 performed as expected, tactile + decomposition. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration was not available in the past.
Song Liqiang, a Master of Public Health from the University of Gangan, joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2024, with in-depth research in the areas of Chinese medicine, biological products, and the chain of innovative medicine industries. This report is made available to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.