Hua Yuu Wei (688396): Product rotation is progressing well, 12 inches. Recommended (for the first time) Quarterly 2021 and Quarterly 2022: Business harvest in 2021
With $9,249 million in revenue, an increase of 32.56 per cent in the same year, a net return profit of $2,268 million in products and replacements, an increase in the Māori ratio of power devices, and $9,158 million in 2021 in revenue from the company's main business, integrated circuit industry (ibid.).
According to the figures, the mos camp registered a 33 per cent increase in the same year, the igbt camp registered a 57 per cent increase in the same year, driven by a 95 per cent increase in the same increase in the product lines of the mcu, smart grids and ac-dc product lines, and the product/manufacture and service Māori ratio, respectively
According to the Omdia data, in 2021, the company ranked third in the Chinese market of mosfet, after England and Ansommy, and was the largest in China.
In 2021, the product lines of the company went well, as in the case of sic, the second generation of autonomous R & D, 650vsićjbs, was able to achieve advanced levels in the industry, with a large volume of products, and an autonomous R & D flat type of 1,200vsicmos entered the risk volume production phase.
Static technical parameters reach foreign sample levels; mos, a new generation of high-performance medium- and low-pressure power moss achieves critical core technological breakthroughs, instrument performance reaches international advanced levels for the standard products and through company core customers
In the case of igbt, the manufacturing process has been generally upgraded to 8 inches, 1,200 v40afs-igbt has been produced in the industrial sector, and the new generation of 650v40afs-igbt samples have reached foreign product-to-product levels and customers
Household evaluations were good, the igbt module moved to the market, actively expanding application areas such asups, solar reversors, transformers, automobile electrons; on the one hand, the second generation of masterline network chips was introduced, with overall performance at a national lead level, using corporate countries.
Single-discreet smart power,c developed by a unique 500vsoi-bci high-pressure technology platform, has been sent to clients for confirmation that there are good prospects for market applications.
The company ' s bcd process technology continued to be upgraded in 2021, with the introduction of the new 0.18 μm medium-pressure bcd process, while the 0.11 μbcd technical platform was technically capable and accepted by mainstream clients.
The company now owns about 230,000 milligrams of manufacturing capacity, 8 inches of manufacturing capacity, and 130,000 milligrams of production capacity.
The power semiconductor crystalline production line is expected to be completed by the end of 2022 and, when completed, it is expected to generate a production capacity of 30,000 semiconductor semiconductor semiconductor crystals per month of intermediate power of 12 inches, accompanied by the construction of a 12-inch extension capability.
The power semiconductor containment base is being built, and production lines are scheduled to be completed by the end of 2022, with further additions to products such as the code power module. Industry downside risks, new products are not moving as fast as expected, production lines are being built.
I'd like to introduce Mao Jianxian: Three years of US semiconductor company work experience in the world.
Master of Arts in Integrated Circuit Design, Nanyang Polytechnic University, Singapore.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.