A steady growth in performance, with 5g becoming a new growth point, and a steady growth in performance throughout the year, the company maintained a high rate of growth, with Sioux State, a subsidiary, achieving a single-form net profit of approximately $675.5 million to the end of the year.
826 million yuan. Three things led to a net profit reduction of about $117.66 million in corporate consolidation: the cost of equity incentives led to a net profit reduction of about $1.67 million, $54.29 million and $14.02 million, respectively, in the real performance of the parent company, the Sioux Occidental and the middle-intelligent statement statements, for a total of about $69.98 million; the excess was adjusted to reflect the real performance of Suzhou from 2016 to 2018.
Performance incentive accounts payable and offset of the company ' s combined net profit of $4.96 million; depreciation amortization of the company ' s value added on the Sioux fixed capital and intangible asset assessment, offset by the company ' s combined net profit of approximately $42.72 million.
In North America and in the domestic data centre market, the company continued to maintain its leading position in the industry and its leading market share, with firm growth in the number of orders and deliveries of company-related products during the reporting period. Among these, the demand for high-speed light modules, such as 100g, continued to grow, with 100g products reaching 280% in the same period the previous year. In addition, customers responded to the latest 400g.
In 2019, the Minister of Trade and Finance, Hmei, indicated that 5g temporary licence plates would be issued in some areas.
The modular market is expected to reach $10 billion in market space. The company is actively involved in the construction of our 5g communications network, and it has achieved a good share and success in the pre-25g call for tenders for transmission modules by its major equipment provider, laying a good foundation for raising the market share of telecommunications and giving impetus to the company’s business growth in the coming year.
The Board approved the expansion of 100 g capacity through a targeted increase in the production of heavy layout 5g and 400g light modules. Research assistant: Yang Miyuan, the construction of the data centre slowed down; 5g was not built as expected.
Performance forecast: robust growth in performance, Māori ratio Summary of corporate financial statement data projections
Yang Xing, Master of Arts, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, August 2015 joined the People's Association, Mye Xiang, the University of Foreign Economics and Trade, two years of business experience as an operator, and in 2017 joined the civil securities. The author has a qualification in securities investment consultancy or a considerable professional competence, and the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,