Non-financial company stocktaking report Energy International (600011.sh): continuous repair of performance balance sheets with impairments etc.
Investment rating: Increase (maintenance) Events: three quarterly reports issued by companies, yielding $18.4 billion in the first three quarters, a decrease of 3.62 per cent in the previous three quarters; net profit returns to mothers, $10.013 billion, a decrease of 17.12 per cent in the same year; net profit deductions to mothers, deducting $10.41 billion, an increase of 6.87 per cent in the same period.
Liu Xiaoning’s impairment of assets and off-the-shelf expenditures have delayed performance and the business’s soundness was slightly higher than expected. The financial statements show that the company returned in the first three quarters.
The decline in net profits was mainly a one-time gain or loss, such as the sale of Sichuan equity, in the last three quarters; the increase in net profit from the first three quarters was mainly due to the fall in the price of Dunspin coal. The result was less than expected in the third quarter alone, which was mainly an impairment of assets of about $1.1 billion and off-the-shelf expenditures of about $600 million, with the loss of assets mainly in coal.
In the case of electrical units and biomass power plants, off-the-shelf expenditures or mainly carbon quotas, and the effect of typhoon Hainan. If the two types of non-recurring items are excluded, the company has a sound business and a slightly out-of-market performance.In the case of business data, the company has 13.6 billion kilowatt-hours of online electricity in three quarters alone, an increase of 3.43 per cent over the same period.
Intra-connected electricity prices averaged 496.27 yuan/megawatt hours, a decline of 2.63 per cent over the same period; three-quarter inverted electricity prices of 492.35 yuan/megawatt hours, a slight decline in the ring from the first quarter to the second quarter, or the effect of a decline in the price of electricity, mainly from coal power to higher capacity. Three-quarter coal electricity profits reached 3.1 points, green power multichannel financing and balance sheet repairs continued.
The total profits, of which 66, 9, 52, 24, 100, 500 million yuan in coal machines, combustion engines, wind power, photovoltaics, hydropower and biomass, respectively, together with data for the first half of the year and data on the amount of electricity available on the Internet, were reduced to the effect of decomposing coal-fired units, and we measured the electric profits of coal-fired machines (total fuel caliber) at 3.1 points in the three quarters of the company alone, corresponding to the one quarter and the best in recent years, which we consider to be a reasonable level of profitability for coal-fired units.
In addition, the company plans to invest 21 million kilowatt coal units (51% of shares) in Yunnan, or to have some growth in a coal-fired economy. It is worth noting that there has been a slight decline in the return rate, or the impact of the distribution-type reits multi-channel financing.
Over 20gw has been added to the target. We analyze that, with a two-carbon strategy, the capacity-price mechanism guarantees a portion of the profits of the coal unit and reduces the rate of profit volatility; while new energy, as the main player of the two-carbon strategy, is a profitable project, under the impact of a cash-market build-up and elimination of electricity, and is expected to raise the environmental value. As coal power, green power, the company is performing as a wind standard on the one hand, and so on on on the other.
My own personal opinion of the target securities and issuers, my diligent professional and careful research methods, the use of information on legal compliance, the independent and objective production of this report, the absence of any part of the person’s remuneration, and the absence of any direct or indirect connection with the specific investment opinions or opinions in this report.