High-quality routes are rich in resources, yield is an absolute leader, first-line airports are tense at times, and the carrier's growth is ahead: due to air space constraints and insufficient synchronization in the development of airport security equipment, the Civil Aviation Authority, in order to improve aviation safety and accuracy, has an overall view of first-line airports at times.
Strict controls have indirectly limited the speed of the main route, which is far north of the 17/18 winter spring season, with the domestic route ask increasing only 3.4% on a year-on-year basis, with a significant supply and demand gap. With the distribution of rights in the other city, Central and Central Europe, the international route will be significantly reduced.
It is expected that there will be a greater shift in the fleet to price priorities, and that higher fares will be the primary and more operational option for the continued growth of the fleet. The alignment of the route structure and the higher level of revenue from national shipping will be more certain: from supply and demand analysis to the aviation market landscape.
1. China’s national airline has the highest percentage of transport capacity in the markets where supply and demand gaps are evident.
With 84% compared to their own ask, the most co-ordinated route distribution will benefit most from the improved industry environment.
In recent years, China's navigation has always been higher than South China and 3.
5 per cent, reflecting a high quality and more efficient network of routes to support higher levels of return. 4. Higher rates of exchange than expected, higher profit forecasts. Higher prices covered higher oil prices, and exchange rate disturbances persisted: higher fuel costs would affect the aviation industry.
Performance erodes. If the average price of oil increases by 20 per cent in 2018, the cost of fuel will increase by $5.81 billion, with a net profit elasticity of 44.7 per cent for 2017, but the cost of fuel will be effectively covered by higher fares, and if 4 returns lead, the industry will have to repair the first valuation.
The annual net profit elasticity is 41.3%, while the renminbi appreciation will effectively boost corporate performance, and it is expected that the continued improvement in the supply-demand relationship of our civil aviation industry, the higher-than-anticipated market-priced process and the higher level of revenue will bring great elasticity to the Division’s performance.
First, higher fares are certain, and increased profitability will drive the company's valuation hub upwards and eliminate oil prices.
The macroeconomic downturn has constrained aviation demand, the civil aviation authority’s readiness to relax prematurely, the outbreak of disease and bad weather, and the higher price of oil are more than expected.
1.1 Increase in the point rate and a slight drop in the airport ' s current rate of increase  In October 2017, the Civil Aviation Authority, with a view to increasing the airport ' s overall accuracy and operational efficiency, issued certain policy measures to adjust the flight structure to the overall operating volume to increase the rate of flight activity (hereinafter referred to as " the " )
" Measures " , which require 21 flights to coordinate the maintenance of airport capacity standards at the main airport at all times, and to coordinate the allocation and strict enforcement of airport capacity standards at all times; and to benchmark the total number of times during the above-mentioned same season, with the main coordinating airport and the secondary coordinating airport being kept within 3 per cent of the increase in traffic and the Hu Xuan line (Heilong River to Black River)
Following the promulgation of the Measures, a schedule of flights for the winter and spring season of 17/18 was introduced in November 2017. The market was limited to the main coordinating airport during the first new season since the Measures were launched.
Air supply is expected to slow at a more uniform pace, with fares rising upwards, and we've measured the schedule of winter and spring season flights, and we've seen a slight drop in the landing and landing of airports from a temporal point of view, and a drop in the landing and landing of domestic airlines from 8.4 per cent in 2016.
By 2017, 7.7%, this was linked to the logic of the Civil Aviation Authority’s control of the number of flights, which led to a slowdown in the rate of supply. And, as can be seen, the first-line airport has a high level of temporal tension, with a mere 2.2% increase, while the rest of the airport has dropped by 1 pct, but the same rate of increase has remained at 9.6%.
Air supply bottlenecks occur mainly at first-line airports, with routes associated with first-line airports or with fares, but the airline supply is not only related to the number of flights, but assk is a multiplier of the number of seats and the distance. A contraction in airline supply cannot be fully justified by a mere drop in the volume of flights.
1.2 Supply growth rates are differentiated, and supply and demand gaps are more pronounced on the first line of the airport than on the first line of the airport. Before calculating supply, we have observed the volume of traffic at the airport during the winter and spring seasons of the last three years and have attempted to further analyze the characteristics of aviation demand through the upper part of the air industry chain.
Airports are growing at a significantly lower rate. First-line airports, owing to their size and maturity, increased passenger traffic is slowing down, and second-line airports, owing to their capacity constraints, or some of their needs, are not being met. Supply bottlenecks have emerged, resulting in an increase in the demand for life in the air or a real increase in traffic that can be met by large dry airports.
The rest of the airport is significantly faster than the first-line airport, where the demand is largely met, the air supply is faster or faster than the demand, and for more accurate observations of changes in the air supply following the New Deal, as well as of market segments.
By calculating the chronology schedule for winter and spring, we've arrived at a similar acceleration for ask. With regard to the number of seats, we've assumed that the average number of seats on the broad body is two times that of the narrow body, and we've got the sum of seats on the winter and spring seasons, divided by the number of flights, and we've got an increase in the average number of seats.
Minutes are used as rotation times for take-off and landing. According to these algorithms, we derive the domestic and international ask supply increases for domestic airlines, respectively, and a breakdown of the market by first-line and remaining airports.
In our calculations, we define the first route as taking off or landing on one end of a flight in the capital city, Pudong, Rainbow Bridge, Guangzhou White Cloud, Shenzhen Bo'an Airport. We find that domestic airlines have reduced the speed of their ask supply plans on both domestic and interstate routes.
First-line airport for domestic routes: for domestic routes on the first-line market, the increase in the supply of ask was due to a closer look at the reasons for the decline in the increase. 1) The decrease in the volume of flights was the main reason for the 1.3 per cent increase in the same year (formerly 3.0 per cent), although it was affected by the low base of the runway at the capital airport in mid-April 2017.
The deceleration of the speed of the upswing has laid the foundation for a shrinking of the ask front-line airport in the country, which is also proof of the control of the first-line airport at all times. (2) The average increase in the number of seats has continued to rise, at 1.9 per cent (up from 0.8 per cent). We believe that this is due to the high demand in the domestic front-line market, which has reduced the demand for the international line as a result of fear.
And the price of oil rises, the airline’s desire to meet more domestic requirements by replacing large aircraft, and the net introduction of three broad-body aircraft at a peak in 2017, with a larger number of aircraft being placed on the domestic line. But with the slowdown in the introduction of wide-body machines, a limited number of domestic-line wide-body aircraft continued to be deployed, and a limited number of other countries.
Inter-line demand recovery, the proportion of broad-body machines that will be placed on domestic routes will gradually decrease, and the company will want to add more long-range routes within the country that are less competitive with high iron. Overall, the number of flights has declined considerably, with the domestic supply of airports on the first line of the 2017/18 winter spring season.
The main reason for the contraction is that security remains the primary focus of the Civil Aviation Authority's work, that the time-control policy at first-line airports is expected to continue and that there will be no obvious release of the air infrastructure until 2019, and that trend continues.
Physical ratio, but given that 7.2 per cent of passengers at first-line airports during the 16/17 winter spring season are at a comparable rate of increase in the supply and demand, there is a significant supply and demand gap in the internal routes of first-line airports.
The rate of increase decreased from 17.9 per cent during the 2016/17 winter spring season to 14.3 per cent during the 2017/18 season, as a result of: 1) for the second and third-line airport, the rate of flight growth has fallen slightly, with the 2017/18 winter spring season planned at 13.2 per cent (previous value 14.4 per cent). 2) The average number of seats increased slightly, with the current flight increasing slightly.
This season was 0.8% higher than the previous 3.6%. It shows that in the second and third-line market, airlines are more likely to consider the optimal structure of the network of routes and the optimization of economic efficiency, and that overall the market willingness to open long routes has slightly decreased the supply of the rest of the country's airports during the 2017/18 winter and spring season.
However, it remains high, with 14.3% of ask increasing at the same rate as the rest of the airport, with no apparent shortfall in supply or demand compared to the 14.6% increase in passenger traffic during the same period last year. The rest of the airport ' s ask supply has contracted, but in the future, more capacity will be invested in two or three, against the background of a limited number of main coordinated airport flights.
Line markets, with a low proportion of broad-body machines at present, and strong competition between short-range routes and high irons, continue to narrow the market ask speed. International routes: take-off or landing at one end of a foreign airport, we are classified as international.
The increase in the supply of ask fell from 7.9 per cent in the 2016/17 winter spring season to 6.4 per cent in the 2017/18 season for the reasons analysed: 1) The increase in the speed of flights decreased from 6.0 per cent to 4.7 per cent, mainly because of the fact that Central American and Central European air traffic rights had been largely distributed, resulting in a limited increase at the moment, although there were still significant new developments on the front-line market
International flights, reflecting the idea of a preferred international route. 2) The average number of seats on international routes is planned to increase by -0.2%, an increase of 3.0 pct over the previous value of -3.2%. We believe that the airline slowed the pace of the withdrawal of international airline wide-body aircraft into the country, thus limiting the time frame.
International routes increase their supply as much as possible, and there are now signs of recovery in the demand for international routes. (3) The average increase in the range of international routes has fallen from 5.1 per cent in the 2016/17 winter spring season to 1.8 per cent, which we believe is due to the fact that, after the distribution of rights to Central Europe, China and the United States, more new air routes have been launched into international routes.
Asia’s short-range international routes, such as Han Tai, and the willingness of oil prices to lower long-range routes, have lowered the average distance from international routes. Overall, international routes are limited at all times, and their average distance has declined, largely because of ask’s contraction.
For reasons. Although the decline has been limited, the gap between supply and demand is widening, and improved supply and demand patterns will support a further reduction in international line fare prices. In the structure of international markets, the distribution of shipping rights has been completed, and supply growth has slowed significantly in the European and American markets in 2017.
The Japanese and Thai markets are beginning to show signs of warming, while the recovery of the Korean market will need to wait for further policy easing. 1.3 Expansion policies are limited, and fare increases become a new strategy.
In a new environment where the supply of first-line airfields is limited, it is expected that the Division will shift more towards a price-first-rate strategy, and that price increases will be the primary option for the continued growth of the Department. The Civil Aviation Authority will limit the profitability of the Department to compensate for the growth of the supply control, regardless of whether it is open to the market in 2017.
The latest circular issued by the National Development and Reform Commission and the Civil Aviation Authority on issues related to further progress in the reform of domestic air passenger transport rates will result in 306 additional market-regulating routes, in total.
1030, and all first-line cities (in the far north) are market-regulated, with 21 main coordinated airports with more than 85% of the inter-market regulated flight routes. Overall, this new market is regulated and the quality of the route is higher than expected.
In addition, the number of routes for which each air transport enterprise increases its marketable fares for economy class passengers at no discounted public prices per season, in principle, must not exceed 15 per cent of the total number of lines for which the company operates during the season (up to a maximum of 10 for less than 10 routes).
Ten flights a season have significantly increased for large airlines with larger routes; the cumulative increase in prices for each route is still not more than 10% without discounts per season. We measure the effects of the marketization of the top 10 routes, where fares have been depressed for a long time, on average.
The discount rate is not expected to decrease significantly when the price is significantly lower than the price of the non-discounted fare. Since no discount fare can be increased each year for both seasons, no discount fare can be increased by 20% per year for each route.
2. The convergence of the route structure, the high degree of certainty in the level of revenue from national shipping, the high quality of the 2.1 route, and the high proportion of the sub-markets for the upscaling have shown that the above-part supply and demand analysis shows that the air market has improved in different markets.
The most definite improvement in supply and demand is in the first-line airport routes, where the supply and demand gap is most pronounced: secondly, international routes, especially those with international traffic rights allocated to Central and Central Europe, and finally (3) the rest of the country, a breakdown of which markets do not see a clear supply and demand gap and an improvement in the climate still needs to be observed.
▪ Airlines with a higher supply and demand and a higher temperature are expected to benefit more from the supply of transport to the 1st and 2nd classes. We measure the ratio of the three major shipping lines to the ask input according to the same calculation as the industry supply.
▪ We can see that China has the highest proportion of the three largest international flights, and the same percentage of the country's domestic routes. In these two separate markets, where there are significant gaps in supply and demand, the share of China's air traffic is 83.5%, which is significantly higher than that of South China.
From the above analysis and measurements, we believe that China’s navigational route structure is of better quality and more compatible with the market segment where there are gaps in supply and demand, so far far more expensive and more certain.
After the marketing of tickets in 2017, China's top 10 shipping routes will be able to adjust their discounted fares, and China's national airline will earn the highest profit, amounting to $3.20 billion.
• Before this first round of airports came under the policy of the Civil Aviation Authority, China’s national airline had already begun to focus on raising revenue levels, implementing a price-priority strategy, and establishing a moat river through a hub network strategy. Since 2002, China’s national airline and Beijing’s capital airport hub have grown together, and in 2010 Beijing
The complex is initially in shape, building strong domestic and international air links, and the capital airport has now become the second largest hub in the world in terms of passenger throughput. China’s national airline, through a more moderate aircraft, has introduced and firmly set a price-priority strategy, and the per capita income per inch has gradually been drawn up with brother companies.
Another major base hub airport, with 40% and 35% at Beijing and Chengdu, respectively. It should be noted that higher fares may have a negative impact on the passenger rate, but only on the unit’s clientele.
In the first half of 2017, the domestic air market had an upswing, but only the Chinese State Air had succeeded in raising the rate of return, while the South and East Air had more strategy of securing the rate of occupancy, and the per capita rate of return had not been realized.
There was an increase. Reflecting the increased number of internal routes from South and East to Line Two and Three, the high sensitivity of passengers to fare, the lack of clarity of South and East for fear of a drop in passenger traffic, and the fact that, in the course of raising prices, the rate of passenger arrivals was lower than in South China, only.
Focusing only on guest rates or fares, it is not possible to compare the benefits of the three major flights during the boom, with the resource endowments of the three high-quality routes. So we have to consider the impact of fares and passenger rates on the level of AFS revenue.
Figure 14: Highest passenger occupancy rate in 2017 compared to the increase in South China (pct) Chart 15: The return per unit per unit of the three air carriers increased by the same margin, and to better compare the levels of return from the quality of the three routes, we used the single.
The unit of income per seat is measured by the unit of income. The unit of income is the ratio of the airline’s revenue from passenger transportation over the accounting period to the number of kilometres available for seating (ask). The unit of income that we usually use is the income of the actual passenger, which reflects the airline’s income.
The company’s fare level. And the unit seating kilometre gains, when they represent the company’s level of business income, contain a direct impact on the guest rate, reflect the efficiency of the company’s use of resources such as capacity, time, etc., and provide another indication of the Department’s ability to channel power into markets where the supply and demand environment are better.
Observing the income of the unit seat in recent years, while all three flights have fallen, China’s entire unit seat income has always been higher than that of South and East, reflecting the quality of the route network layout and sufficient to support the higher level of revenue. In 2016, China’s entire unit seat income reached 0.44 yuan per seat.
At the end of 2016, when the domestic and international air markets warmed up, the country ' s peri-kilometre revenues increased at the same rate as in the previous year. In the first half of 2017, US$ 0.44 or 3.0 per cent more was earned by national aviation units.
5.0 per cent/international-1.3 per cent), which is significantly higher than 0.7 per cent for South China (3.3 per cent/international-61 per cent) and East China International, which continues to lead the way in terms of income per km of its seat. Due to the short range of its international line, mostly between Japan and Korea and South-East Asia, the efficiency of its route makes it more efficient for the international line East.
The revenue is always higher than the national and southern flights, but with the massive increase in the East in 2016 to the Chinese-American long-range shipping line, the lead in terms of revenue from the national shipping began to shrink.  Through the above analysis, the country’s routes are of high quality, and the overall atmosphere of the aviation can be improved.
In order to be clearly reflected in the level of revenue, the increase in the level of revenue was higher than that of South and Eastern Aviation. 3. Higher fares covered the cost of higher oil prices, and exchange-rate disturbances persisted.
According to the real rpk in 2017, if the income per unit of passenger km rises on a year-on-year basis, the market began to worry about the erosion of performance by rising airline fuel costs as the price of Brent’s oil was moderate and rising. In 2017, the average price of Brent was about $55 per barrel.
About 7 million tons. If the average price of our airline fuel purchases increased by 20% on a year-on-year basis in 2018, and if the price of oil continues to rise, the combined cost of aviation kerosene purchases will exceed $5,000 per ton, meeting the criteria for surcharges on aviation fuel, which would further reduce the adverse effects of the rise in oil prices.
The CIF for aviation kerosene imports fluctuated with international oil prices last month and, when the cumulative change was greater than 250 tons, was adjusted under the air kerosene price linkage mechanism, and when the combined cost of the kerosene purchases reached 5,500 yuan per ton, the domestic routes above 800 km and below would be charged 10 yuan/tons, respectively.
We assume that the price of Brent’s oil is about $75.5 per barrel per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per day. We assume that 30% of China’s passengers travel less than 800 kilometres per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person per person.
We believe that the rise in oil prices has only affected domestic passenger transport, and that the domestic pipeline fuel surcharges are only used to cover domestic passenger shipping routes. On the basis of the number of domestic passengers in 2017, the domestic ask ratio, and the projected fuel consumption, China’s navigational fuel surcharges are calculated to cover the sea.
With respect to the exchange rate, the recent appreciation of the renminbi exceeded expectations, starting with an increase in the airline’s performance in terms of exchange earnings. The renminbi is expected to increase the net profit from national navigation by about 380 million yuan per appreciation of 1% against the United States dollar.
The appreciation of the renminbi will also stimulate a further rise in the demand for travel abroad. More than 6 million trips will take place in the spring of 2017, and 100 billion yuan will be spent in the spring.
At present, China’s national airline pb is estimated to be about 2.2 times higher, with an historical average of about 2.8 times lower than its historical valuation level. And for the three major United States flights, the fleet is twice the size of China’s national airline, Roe is at least 25%, oligopolistic market patterns are stable, profitable and now American.
The air industry has long been affected by rapid supply, fare prices have been low, and roe has remained at around 10%. But, due to the new Civil Aviation Authority, the supply of first-line airports has been limited, and high-quality time has been concentrated in major airlines, with three major air markets in 2016.
With the gradual liberalization of fares, 67% of China’s national shipping capacity will be significantly increased, valued at 2.8% of its historical hub pb, and further closer to the three major United States flights. Travel demand (rpk): Air demand continues to be civilianized and domestic demand will continue to rise in 2018.
There is also a growing demand for outbound trips, and the demand for international routes will increase slightly in 2018, and since 2017 was mainly driven by a policy of limited fares to lower the supply base, the demand will increase at a lower rate.
The inside line will continue to control supply, and it is expected that a portion of the additional capacity will be deployed to the international line, and that the international rate of revenue will be raised: the company will adopt a price-priority strategy to collect a unit of passenger km in 2017-2019 against the backdrop of an upswing in the country's first-line and international traffic climate and an over-expected process of marketization of fares.
Fuel cost: assuming that the average price of Brent oil for the whole year 2017-2019 was $55 per barrel, $65 per barrel, $68 per barrel, and, in order to capture the growth rate of the company, we measured the elimination of the impact of oil prices and exchange rates.
In the calculation, we assume that the consumption of oil will increase at the rate of atk, the unit cost of oil prices will remain unchanged after 2015, at 3922.1 yuan per tonne, and the exchange rate of the renminbi.
▪ The macroeconomic downturn. The demand for air passenger and cargo transport will be significantly weakened, and higher prices will be contained.
The easing of civil aviation supply restrictions and a smaller or continuing contraction in the air industry could put pressure on fare prices and even lead to price wars.  Extreme events.
Oil prices are higher than expected. If international oil prices rise faster than expected, or significantly lower air company performance and reverse market expectations for airlines.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment