Quarterly review in 2021: performance exceeded market expectations, booking and authorizing operations are expected to accelerate deployment Incident: Kimshan Office released report No. 2021, with revenues of $1,565 million recorded during the reporting period, a year-on-year increase
70.90 per cent; net return to mother ' s profit of $549 million, an increase of 53.54 per cent over the same period; clear performance of operating cash flows resulting in a doubling of contractual liabilities: the q2 Māori rate in 2021 was due mainly to the high growth in software use of authorized operations and service subscriptions.
1051 million yuan, an increase of 109.09% over the same year. The scaling effect of the company's continued expansion has been sustained and strengthened, mainly in terms of cost rates, sales rates equal to +4 pt, management costs equal to 3.91 pt, and continued expansion of sales to sustain corporate business replication.
The company achieved an authorized office software business of $640 million, representing an increase of 199.79 per cent over the same period in the previous year, and a subscription service of $735 million, representing an increase of 37.92 per cent over the same period in the previous year; Internet advertising promotion and prosperity and increased demand for cloud-cooperative office services from government and corporate clients.
At maturity, the demand for customer procurement is strong, the user sector is becoming more diverse, and companies are increasing their coverage and penetration in the IT industry. 2) Companies are accelerating their efforts to address the cloudy transformation needs of the political and business sectors, with demand for public writing in the first half of the year for party organs.
A “publicity model” not only addresses user pains in a comprehensive and precise manner, but also effectively enhances the process of clouding and penetration of government clients, leading to a high rate of growth in authorized business income.
▪ The steady growth in office subscriptions, with mau breaking 500 million: 735 million yuan, compared to 37.92 per cent, of the office services subscriptions of the company 2021h1, mainly due to the continuous optimization of the user product experience of the company, resulting in the use of cloud office services by end-users and the enhancement of stickyness and the promotion of subscriptions to office services
Long. As of 30 June 2021, the monthly active user of the company ' s main product (mau) was 2 and the office in Kimshan (688111): performance continues to grow at a high rate, looking to end b.
In the first half of this year, the number of individual and “wps+” users uploading cloud files through the public cloud service has increased,3 and the Office of Kim Shan (688111): the number of returns reached 108.5 million, an increase of 57.02 per cent over the same period, and the number of users continues to increase.
Net profit doubles and waits for new strategy user ease and security for cloud storage will gradually increase, mau and pay user performance release 2021-01-27.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: We maintain the company ' s 2021-2022 net profit forecast, leading the way for domestic office software, looking at this year ' s innovations, online office acceleration, subscription service indicators, rising performance (transformation rates, mau, frequency of consumption), cloud collaboration, etc.
Growth to maintain the “buy-in” rating. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory board