+ Subsistence double-wheel drive, pending release of follow-up profits South-West Securities Research and Development Centre Summary of Performance: 2021 h1, with an increase of 70.9 per cent over the same year in the company ' s operating income of $15.7
The net profit of the mother was 5.5 yuan, an increase of 53.5 per cent in the same year; in the split sheet quarter, the company q2 received $790 million, an increase of 68.5 per cent, a net profit of 240 million yuan, a decrease of 3.1 per cent in the same year.
The strategy continues to evolve and the business is doing well. Of these, 1) Office software authorized operations achieved revenues of $640 million, representing an increase of 199.8 per cent over the same period in the previous year, mainly due to the high procurement needs of the business start-up clients and the increased demand for cloud-collaborative office services from government and corporate clients; 2) subscriptions generated revenues of 740 million yuan.
A 37.9 per cent increase over the same period in the previous year was evident in the usage of cloud office services by end-users and the increase in stickyness: 3) The advertising business has grown in tandem with the monthly living user base, generating an income of 190 million yuan, up 12.2 per cent from the previous year, with higher fees being paid and short-term profit being charged.
The increase of 43 per cent, 107 per cent and 108 per cent was due mainly to the significant expansion of the company ' s research and development team (641 new persons, or 41 per cent), as well as to the increase in the cost of publicity fees and equity incentives; the three above-mentioned rates were faster than the rate of mau in the second quarter, predicting an increase in the rate of conversion. It is a matter of concern that the company ' s new version of wps was taken by its members.
Quarterly cards, semi-annual cards, with only one consecutive month and more than the annual fee option retained, and revenue profit recognition deferred The first half-year contract liabilities and operating cash flows were observed at an increase of 109.1 per cent and 71.3 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period last year, and income continuity and predictability were enhanced pending release of subsequent profits.
The company, as the sole leader of the home-grown office software, holds a good track and will continue to benefit from dividends such as credit creation and clouding, public trends, subscription conversion rates and authorized penetration increases, with sufficient space for high growth rates.
Changed to maintain the “buy-in” rating. Delegation of authority, high growth in subscriptions (2020-10-27) 3. Kimshan office (688111): high office subscriptions
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.
If you are not a professional investor in your client’s own company, cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report.
Information, opinions, and assumptions reflect only the company’s judgement as of the date of publication of this report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in this report can rise and the past performance should not be used as a basis for future performance. At different times, the company may issue reports that are inconsistent with the information, observations, and assumptions contained in this report, and it does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. At the same time, the company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
Instead, investors should take care of the corresponding updates or modifications. See also if this does not constitute an investment proposal for any individual.