On 25 August 2021, the company released its 2021h1 report, which enabled the company to operate during the reporting period.
The company is the leading office software and service provider in the country, mainly in the design development and marketing of wpsoffice office software products and services.
In the first half of the year, companies authorized more than 30 years of research and development experience and technological accumulation in the field of business, with products and services developed autonomously and with core technology.
The achievement of $640 million in revenue, an increase of 199.79%, is the backbone of the growth in performance. Authorizing business has autonomous intellectual property rights.
The government has introduced a “publicity model” to address user pains in a comprehensive and accurate manner, providing customised office software documentation services during the two sessions to achieve paperless cloud-free office: continuous improvement of the ecological and product channels of the office industry, construction, completion of integration with products of ecological partners such as the Science Fairing, North Shini, Blue News, one person, etc.
Work-in-work and strategic cooperation agreements were signed; the demand for one-stop office services for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) was met through the wps+ integration of full-line products. The first half of the year ' s letter-in-kind business was on the ground and the foundation-up company ' s performance was maintained. The subscriptions were steadily advanced, and user data continued to improve.
Millions of yuan. This represents an increase of 37.92 per cent. As of 30 June 2021, the company's main product Mau was 30.16 per cent: the number of cloud files uploaded by individuals and “wps+” users through the public cloud service has reached the total equity/flowa share (million shares)
Ten.8 billion copies, an increase of 57.02% over the same period. The rate of increase in subscriptions during the first half of the year has declined, largely due to the high base of last year, but the number of user fees and the number of cloud uploads continues to permeate and user habits are building up.
At the end of the reporting period, the company had invested $439 million in research and development, an increase of 43.18 per cent in the same year, and $360 million in sales, an increase of 106.89 per cent in the same year.
The company’s profit projections and investment ratings: we expect the company’s net profits for 2021-2023 to be 11.63, respectively.
The foundations for the year-round performance and subscriptions have grown steadily over the long term, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating.
Kim Shan Office (688111): Performance meets expectations, as long as the company is growing, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
In the fields of computing, information networking, medical informatization, industrial software, big data, smart network cars, visual industries, material networking applications 5g, financial technology and digital money, industry research creates value.
Research in the fields of cloud computing, smart hardware, information security and financial science and technology.
Jang Young-ja is the researcher's own opinion. Any part of my salary has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.