The net profit performance of the season is considered to be lower than expected, triggering short-term pressure.
Why do profits increase at a lower rate? q2 battalion picks up healthy (+45.7%), net profits/discounts, so the core cause is higher cost inputs. (1) management fees are doubled, with an expected amortization of 76.15 million equity incentives; (2) sales costs are doubled, yes
Where are the inputs going? The next generation platform around light files (move/web), office synergies (reference to Google docs/microsofteams) will be the second-generation strategic direction beyond wps. Do you need to worry that subscriptions will decline?
Business (to-b/c). Authorized income increased approximately twice as much, owing to good demand for credit and increased demand for collaborative office services from government and corporate clients.
The number of users of the medium-month operation, which is 500 million, is 10.4% higher than at the beginning of the year, and the number of users of the basic software in 2018, which is 660 million, will become even more difficult. However, the above-mentioned agency statistics show that the market was over $8.5 billion in 2018 and that subscription income was high enough.
The company is also expected to break through and drive the c-end. So, like the Saas valuation hub, should it be modified downwards? Whether per ps/pe or tam valuation, the company’s valuation has been more abundant, in terms of recognition of its industry, status and business model.
See significant changes, with net profit phasing fluctuations due to strategic inputs not subject to adjustment of valuation levels. (1) In particular, (1) the company ' s performance remains high, with 46 per cent of the single-season income growth ranking third in the eight quarters after listing; assuming that the net profit of h2 is equal (i.e. 1.07 billion + 21 per cent for the whole year), this rate of increase
The computer industry is still in the top six of the top 20 firms with net profits in 2020. (2) The industry has already experienced similar cases, such as the wide-ranging transition to Dasaas, resulting in short-term fluctuations in profits. If the company itself is believed to be excellent, the probability of a successful transition is higher.
After continuous adjustment, the liquidity premium accumulated by the original valuation during the grouping process was absorbed, using the market price as a standard on August 26, 2021.
Value Upliftment 20201215 focuses on the ability of companies to innovate and regenerate. After a double drop in pre-emission prices combined with recent emotional mishaps, there is a better investment value and a higher rating is maintained.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business Computers: computer applications