KIMshan Office (688111).
Business income increased by 70.90 per cent over the same period, authorizing high growth in business The company's strategy of “many screens, clouds, content, ai and collaboration” continues to ferment, user demand continues to rise, operating income of 1,565 million yuan in the first half of the year increased by 70.90 per cent over the same period, and net profit returns to mothers are realized by 549 million
This represents an increase of $53.54 per cent in the same year, and a net cash flow of $761 million in operating activities, an increase of 68.46 per cent in the same year. In terms of sub-operations, office software authorized operations generated revenues of $640 million, compared to $190 million in Internet advertising and other activities, an increase of 12.15 per cent in the same year.
Business ends with steady growth in the number of users of personal-end mau and fee-paying businesses: business start-up continues to grow; business side of government accelerates the need to address the transformation of industry clouds; small and medium-sized enterprises on the SME side, more than 1 million enterprises have registered to use wps+; education sector
On the other hand, the examination centre of the Ministry of Education uses wpsoffice as the second level of the National Computer Level Examination, and after the first examination in March 2021, the number of registered participants fell by 100,000.c End operations: as of June 2021, the number of monthly active users of the company's main product (mau) exceeded
501 million, an increase of 10.35 per cent over the same year, of which the wpsoffice desktop mau exceeded 199 million, leading the other national production office software; the wpsoffice mobile mau exceeded 296 million; and other products (e.g., the Golden Mountain Phrase) were close to 100 million. As at 30 June 2021, the company accumulated
Annual fee-paying individual members amount to 21,888,000, and individual and “wps+” users serve through publicly owned clouds.
Over time, users will rely more on the ease and security of storage, and the number of cloud files will increase faster.
In terms of products and cloud services, companies are targeting companies.
Improve the efficiency of the corporate cloud collaboration office, focusing on the development of new application components; build a document centre to provide open-source cloud services to the army and partners; and create solutions for the "Three Centers on the Two Planets"
In the area of ecological cooperation, companies actively adapt to China’s operational system, strengthening cooperation with companies such as Mi, Tseng, Ali, etc. Weboffice products work with the company’s micro-letters and teeming clouds, nails, and Aliun’s saas-level services.
Chen Tunan is the leading office software and service provider in the country, and there is much room for future growth. The number of pay-for-service users is projected to grow less than expected: the national production substitution process is lower than expected; other companies are in business.
The market for software and increased competition in the market.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.