China Stone (600176): Cost leads on the basis of structural growth in the industry
China’s Great Stone is the world’s leading industry, with production growing by 200-250% over the same period. The market share is 22% of the world’s total and domestic.
The industry’s elasticity continues as a result of the continued high performance of the industries that have benefited from higher structural demand. The industry’s climate cycle, which began in 2020q4, has generated wind power at the end of demand from the year 2020, the year of wind and power grabs.
In the next three-to-six months, major events will point to a situation in which high structural demand is driving an increase in total demand and adding new production capacity to its own.
Debt relief and cross-equity presentations: The time lag effect, and the high price of powder, which inhibits small business expansion, the supply and demand of the industry, which cannot be alleviated in a short period of time, and the industry, which is characterized by an alkaline crude average price, is still in a state of 2021h1.
The marginal upfront, the original saloon business as a heavy asset, the product product product product product product that the company's performance benefits from its own vision, the layout of wind power in 2020, and the thermal and electronics in 2021, all of which have fully enjoyed the full price rise, the single ton net profit has reached its historic peak of around $2,000/tonne.
The core competitiveness of the giant stone is cost leadership, b share/h share (in thousands)
The continuing decline in costs and the continuing leading industries are the basis for firms to implement counter-extension capacity and upgrade their markets, and are at the heart of their future performance growth driven by wind, electronics and thermos.
The industry has entered a phase of differentiated development, and the growth of demand in the industry has become structural, with the three main markets of wind power, electronics and thermals in the future, while the underlying techniques of production of wind and electronic and thermal veils are in common with the burqa, so that the rock has mastered the “know-how” system of production of fibre-optic veils.
At the forefront of the industry, high-value, high-end products at a cost lead the way in the new phase of industry’s development, leading to a sustained market segmentation. East’s financial and intellectual boom.
China's Great Stone (600176). Cost is the best, leading the industry to a very high level of structural growth, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China's Great Stone (600176): costs lead the way, leading the industry to a very high level of structural growth.
The research assistant provides an overview of the researcher’s own views.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.