China Stone (600176): The forward-looking layout is well-priced and stands at the beginning of a new round of growth.
The company published a quarterly report in 2021: net profit on harvest and return was 3,996 million and 1,063 million, respectively. China ' s Great Stone is the leading industry in the world ' s fibre-optic industry, growing production by 63.63 per cent and 243.56 per cent, respectively, and achieving a single-quarter gain of 0.3 per cent.
The market share is 22 per cent globally and the country’s elastic elastic performance is continuing, and the 2021 industry is likely to remain stable. 34 per cent of the fibre-optic industry is ranked first.
Since the turning point of 2020q4, when the prices of the original veil rebounded sharply, they are still rising, and the original veil is essentially a bulk of raw materials in the composite materials industry, and the prices of the products are on the market at a time of imbalance between supply and demand, with major implications for the next three to six months:
The elasticity is high, while the giant stone is the prime of the original veil, fully enjoying the high profile of the industry, with 2021q1 companies withholding a net non-repatriate ring of about 33 per cent more than the 2020q4, with performance synchronized with marginal changes in the industry ' s climate and sustained high elasticity.
In the post-Vision City, starting with 2021q1, two markets, home and overseas, have experienced a resonance upwards of demand, backed by a forward-looking profile of the industry, reaffirming that the company is at the start of a new round of growth.
The boom in the industry was again driven by higher demand for high-end products, such as wind power and thermal plastics, and electronic veils, with prices turning in December 2020, amply attesting to the judgement and forward-looking strategic layout of the giant stone over the industry ' s differential development phase, corporate wind, thermal and electronic high-end products in 2020.
Over 70 per cent of the total, and before the formal arrival of the industry turning point, high-end product utilization compared to increasing structural optimization and production capacity ahead of changing industry landscapes enabled the company to fully enjoy the higher prices associated with the industry landscape, while the company continued to grow deep.
At this end, with the official commissioning of the Chengdu smart manufacturing base and the increase in the ratio of smart lines to the Kiryu village base, the cost of manufacturing has continued to decline, providing support for higher levels of profitability. 2021 was the beginning of the 14th Five-Year Plan, with a clear strategic direction for the company, and the layout of the digital manufacturing base.
The cost of the boost will decrease and efficiency will increase, product structure optimization will continue to advance, and the contribution of the veil, the electronic veil, and the hot-plastic short-cuts to company performance is expected to be three-fold at the end of the fourteenth and fifth anniversary, and India’s new productive capacity and the cold-renovation of Egypt’s base will gradually fall, contributing to the rise of global cities.
We reiterate that the company is at the beginning of a new round of growth.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that China's Great Stone (600176): The forward-looking layout has risen in value and stands at the beginning of a new round of growth.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, China's Great Stone (600176).
Zhao Xin’s research assistant brief analyzes his own research opinion.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
China Stone (600176): The forward-looking layout has risen in value and is at the start of a new round of growth without ensuring that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and fair information, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.