It's a big deal. It's a big deal. It's a big deal.
The acquisition of fly-source chemicals and the consolidation of the vanguard: the company issued an announcement that it intended to acquire equity in the form of a cash contribution from the company, of which 578 million yuan was spent in cash on the acquisition of 30.15 per cent of the former shareholders and 816 million dollars in the form of a unilateral build-up.
The company's acquisition of a flyer would help to further upgrade three generations of refrigerant production, improve the fluorinated industrial chain, and strengthen the industry's leadership.
As a result of the company's performance repair, the company's current valuation is reasonable, maintenance of inter-area operations, acquisition of fly-source chemicals, and further enhancement of market voice: the third generation of refrigerant production for fly-source chemicals is in the second line of industry, currently comprising 30,000 tons for r32, 20,000 tons for r125, and 1 134a.
If the acquisition is completed, the power of the three-generation refrigerant market for mega-stocks will rise further, with R32 producing 160,000 tons, or 31 per cent of the total capacity of the industry, R125 producing 70,000 tons, or 23 per cent of the total capacity of the industry, and r134a producing 120,000 tons, or 31 per cent of the total capacity of the industry.
Refrigerant quotas continue to shrink, and industry concentration is expected to increase. In addition, fly-source chemicals still have the capacity of HFC-based products such as r410a, r404a, r407c, r507 and upstream raw materials.
Refrigerant price ups and downs: The current upward trend in refrigerant prices has started and the price differentials have increased. According to the Beichuan Moor, the current second-generation refrigerant r22-trichloromethane price difference is $10859/t (at the beginning of the season + 14%, yoy + 50%) and the third-generation refrigerant r32-dichloromethane price difference is $3430/t (at the beginning of the season).
The price difference is $9769 per ton for r134a-trichloroethylene (at the beginning of the season + 34 per cent, product mix loss) and $10714 per ton for r125-tetrachloroethylene (at the beginning of the season + 13 per cent, y0y + 17 per cent).
Refrigerants are expected to move out of the lowlands and achieve sustained repairs as the industry climate is restored.
With the increase in refrigerators, freezers, auto air conditioning and maintenance needs, we're looking at two or three generations of petrochemical, fluorinated polymeric materials.
Industrial chains are well equipped and fluoropolymers are guaranteed to grow: companies have complementary basic chemical and chlor-alkali industrial chains, with clear integration advantages. And, in recent years, companies have expanded their sophisticated fluorinated industries downstream to increase product value, and are now leading the industry on the scale of Hfp, ptfe, fep, fkm production.
Status. fluoropolymer materials produce 1,399 million tons, and there are several ongoing projects, including 100,000 tons of polyvinyl chloride diethylene high performance barrier materials project (phase II, paragraph b), 60,000 tons of vdc monotherapic expansion project (phase II), 150,000 tons of pttt project, etc.
Companies continue to strengthen technological innovation, promote high-quality, high-value fluorinated polymer products, and continue to improve the industrial chain in the field of fluorinated industries, guaranteeing long-term growth of companies.
Figure: Refrigerant - Feedstock Price Differences by Varieties ($/t) Annex III: Consolidated Cash Flow Statement. This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. investments and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not established by ... individual clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.