Quota policy is officially in place, looking at three generations of refrigerant rewinding Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) On the evening of October 26th, mega-stocks released three-quarter reports for 2023.
The average price of fluoropolymer materials sold was $48380.19 per ton, compared to $28.89 per cent, of which the fluoropolymer was 7.94 per cent, and the average price of basic chemical products was $1793.81 per ton, compared to the same price.
On 24 October, the Minister of Ecology considered and adopted in principle the 2024 Helium Fluoride.
Quota setting and allocation programme, three generation refrigerant quota policy officially in place, three generation refrigerant supply end into a `quantity + phase-down' phase from 2024, future refrigerant market supply and demand gaps will continue to grow and three generation refrigerant prices are expected to increase steadily, with a higher quota share in the public sector
The division will benefit fully. The company's three-generation refrigerant sales have been at the top of the industry for the last three years, and we estimate that in the future, three-generation refrigerant product quotas for the dominant three-generation megashares will be more than 30%, and the overall mix will be at the top of the industry, and it is expected to benefit fully from the performance of three-generation refrigerant prices in the future.
1. Short-term performance pressure in the first half of the year, looking at three generations.
Material projects (part II, paragraph a), Synthetic Aluminium Feeding Routes and Energy-Saving Reduction Technology Adaptation Project, New 2. Multiply growth of company performance throughout the year, 3 generations of Refrigeration 48kt/avdf Technology Extension Project, and 30 kt/apvdf Technology Extension Project (phase I)
Step-by-step introduction of the agent into the upper-gas cycle 23.5kt/apvdf, 120,000 tonnes/year organoethanol expansion project, 7,000t/afkm, 100kt/aepoxy chlorpropane, 30kt/a refrigerant overseas plant, 5000t/a leachate cooling fluid (phase I)
3. Quantities have increased year-round performance, with projects such as three generations of refrigeration 1000t/a completed, 100 kt/a polyvinyl chloride diethylene high performance barrier materials project (phase II b) and 60kt/avdc single body technology expansion starting construction.
10kt/afep extension project (phase 2), Ningbo megaclimatics 150kt/aptt, etc.
Cost advantages. At the same time, the company has new fluorinated materials, with a higher value added to the company ' s Māori ratio (1) less than desirable three-generation refrigerant quota allocation; (2) less than expected downstream demand;
(3) New production capacity is not as fast as expected; (4) four generations of refrigerant replacement is faster: (5) macro-policy risks.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.