Giant shares (600160.sh) are going to buy 51% of the fly-source chemical stock for $1.4 billion, build up three generations of refrigerant giants.
On the evening of 5 December 2023, the company announced that the mega-stocks were intended to acquire, in cash financing, 54,696,000 shares (30.15 per cent of the total shareholdings of the pilot chemical industry) of the company that held the bid, while unilaterally increasing the registered capital of the pilot chemical industry.
Billion dollars; unilateral increase in funding for the chemical fuel industry of 816 million yuan. This is ultimately based on a transaction agreement signed by the company. The parties to the transaction have negotiated a 100 per cent equity value of approximately 1.918 billion yuan (equivalent to $10.57/registered capital), compared to their combined statement of net assets.
r407c, r507; fine chemicals r113a, trifluoroacetic acid, trifluoroacetyl chloride, trifluoroethanol, sulphuryl chloride; and other products such as hydrofluoride, hydrogen fluoride ammonium, sulphuric acid, epoxy-chloropropane, epoxy resin, etc. National belief industry view: mega-stocks have seized up market opportunities in recent years, turned back to medium, and three generation refrigerant production and market share maintained first;
At the same time, it actively promotes the optimization of fluorinated products and the continued construction of a large fluorinated industry. There is greater complementarity between the export-sourced and mega-equity chains. If the deal is successfully concluded, it will further enrich the core industry ' s fluorinated industry, continue to be strong, perform the top core industry, improve market competitiveness and competitiveness, optimize its industrial structure and promote high-quality development, as well as three generations of refrigeration.
In the case of the agent industry, the concentration of the industry continues to be concentrated, and the pattern of competition tends to ease. Giantization currently accounts for about 32% of the domestic three-generation refrigerant market, 7-8% of the fly-source chemical industry, and, when the deal is completed, we expect that the mega-stock share in the three-generation refrigerant market will reach 35-40%.
The three-generation refrigerant production capacity of the Flying Chemical Industry is among the highest in the country and is complementary to the industrial chain of the Giant Holdings Corporation.
The main products include refrigerants r32, r125, r134a, r410a, r404a, r407c, r507; fine chemicals r113a, trifluoroacetic acid, trifluoroacetyl chloride, trifluoroethanol, sulphuryl chloride;
Other products such as hydrogen fluorine, ammonium fluoride, sulphuric acid, epoxy-chloropropane, epoxy resin, etc. are rich in product lines and complementarities with mega-equity chains. The total production capacity of third-generation refrigerants exceeds 1.1 million tons, with a higher share of three-generation refrigerants in the main flying industry, with a high market share in the country, accounting for about 7-8% of the market share of three generations of refrigerants.
Overall, the first three- and third-generation HFC-free refrigeration industries in the fly-source chemical industry are the first five, the first five, the first five, the first three, and the first five, and the first three, of the epoxy resin-producing fine materials. According to Treasure information, the company’s fluorine marketing network covers all parts of the country, with downstream customers such as American, Grigor, Hal, and Hysin and other well-known domestic air-conditioning manufacturers, and actively opening up international markets with Ho.
As of 31 May 2023, the Foundation Law on the Value of Assets of Shareholders in Flying Chemical Industries assessed at $941 million and the Market Law Assessment at $1,919 million. This total transaction amounted to $1,394 million: 578 million of which was the purchase of flying chemical holdings;
It is worth noting that, for example, the transfer of shares from Xing Han Bank is limited by previous agreements, which may result in a mega-equity acquisition that does not reach the target share. It is not excluded that the mega-equity increases the ratio of the replenishment to the biochemicals until 51% of the shares are acquired.
As early as 2022, the Flying Chemical Industry had signed an investment agreement on the Sino Flying Sources Chemical Co. Ltd., an investment partnership (limited partnership) between Xing Han Bank and the Xi Bolomen Hongtai industry, and the New Industrialization Equity Investment Partnership (limited partnership) in Teaan City. It was agreed that the Flying Chemical Industry had received the investment transfer from the two above-mentioned institutions as of August 2023.
Remember. The value of the Hong Tae Foundation ' s equity contribution, which was 12.25 per cent of the pilot chemical industry, was valued at $1.633 billion, and the current investment was valued at $1.919 billion (an increase of 17.51 per cent over the previous valuation). The amount of goodwill expected to be generated by the transaction was about $500 million, representing about 215 per cent of the total asset of the mega-equity. The parties to the transaction negotiated a 100 per cent equity value for the pilot chemical industry of approximately $1.918 billion (equivalent to $10.57/registered capital), compared to their consolidated statement.
At the end of the month, the combined FED statement contained net assets of 672 million yuan, valued at 2.85 times the market net rate according to market law. Refrigerants: three generations of refrigerant weather stress from 2020 to 2022, and industry climates will gradually rise. Recapitulate three generations of refrigerant price movements for nearly three years: in 2020, affected by the impact of the new crown pneumonia and the quota competition caused by the Kigali amendments.
The three-generation refrigerant market continued its weak stance in late 2019, with prices falling across the product spectrum. Hydrofluoric acids, the feedstocks, went low during the epidemic and rebounded after reaching their year-wide lows in May 2020. R32 excess capacity continued, with higher price limits; r134a prices reached a new low in recent years. Downstream air conditioners, automobiles, and double sales in 2020 fell.
The price of the remaining refrigerants has been warming since 30 June 2021, when r22 rose by about 14.3 per cent from the beginning of the year, r134a electricity caused insufficient refrigerant start-up, while demand-side refrigerants have rebounded significantly in the context of the traditional reserve season, and the price increase has continued until early November 2021. Since then, as of November 2021, refrigerant prices have been in the context of the gradual release of feedstock end supply.
In 2022, refrigerant prices gradually went down the road. In the first three quarters of 2023, the price of refrigerant products was divided: r125 prices continued to fall with the cost of tetrachloroethylene, there had been a recent rebound, r32 prices experienced a low-middle-level shock, and the prices of r134 started to rise earlier. In the fourth quarter of 2023, they entered the traditional refrigerant season, pre-enterprises and low market stocks, quota parties.
At the end of the raw material phase, the supply of fluorescent powder is more difficult to change when the situation in the former mine is severe and the stock is low. The medium- and long-term demand for refrigerants is expected to continue to grow and quota options are on the ground, and three generations of refrigerant prices are expected to increase continuously, and the refrigerants are about to start a winding-up cycle.
Figure 4: Prices and price differentials for r125 products Figure 5: Prices and price differentials for r143a products
At this stage, structural upgrading became the backbone of the industry, and the underlying meaning behind structural upgrading was that the industry was shifting from a previous scale to a quality-driven one, with corporate profits and innovation forming mutually reinforcing chains. In 2023, the domestic air-conditioning market performed beautifully in the first half of 2023, when the epidemic was liberalized, with demand recovery concentrated, high temperature weather expectations, health comfort, and re-exploration of the value of the home scene.
The cumulative production of air conditioners in China amounted to 22,247,300 units per year, a cumulative increase of 1.8 per cent, according to data from the National Statistical Office, showing a 0.5 per cent decrease in the national air conditioner production of 13,733,000 units in October 2023, and a 12.4 per cent increase in the production volume of 207,385,000 units in January-October, according to industry online data, as the world's largest domestic air conditioner production base and marketing market, with sales achieved by the Chinese air conditioner during the cold year 2023.
In the case of the refrigerant market, industrial development, the spread of ice boxes and air conditioning in emerging economies and the surge in demand for car refrigeration continue to drive the development of the refrigerant market, according to marketsandmarketsresearch.
Future increases in global refrigerant demand are projected to come mainly from Asia and the Pacific and the Middle East, the Asia-Pacific region will continue to be the world’s largest refrigerant consumption market, while North America and Europe’s refrigerant market are relatively mature and are expected to grow steadily in the coming years. According to China Industrial Information Network, 65-70% of global refrigerant production is currently in China, 40% of global refrigerant demand is in China, and our country is the world’s largest.
In the case of domestic air-conditioning, according to the International Energy Agency (IEA), the production of air-conditioning in our rooms in 2019 accounted for 70% of the total, the sales of air-conditioning increased fivefold in the last 19 years, and our country is a leader in the global air-conditioning market. In recent years, our production of air-conditioning has increased dramatically, with changes in the choice of domestic refrigeration equipment in many cities, and about 40% of households in the country are still missing.
There are air conditioners. As income levels continue to grow, China expects to have 85% household air conditioners by 2030, with more than 1.1 billion residential refrigeration units (including fans and dehumidifiers) installed. According to the Draft Indian Cooling Action Plan issued by the Ministry of Environment, Forests and Climate Change, China currently consumes much less per capita space refrigeration energy than the United States and less than half of Japan’s population.
In the long run, there is still much room for growth in the demand for space refrigeration. A three-generation refrigerant quota programme has been put in place, and on 4 November 2023, the Ministry of Eco-Environment released a “Concern for the publication of the Programme for the Establishment and Distribution of Total HFC Quotas for 2024.”
In accordance with the relevant provisions of the Kigali Amendment, the baseline value of production and use in our country is expressed in tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (tco2), for the baseline year (202022).
Average production and average use of hfcs, plus 65% of baseline values for production and use of hydrochlorofluorocarbons (HCFCs), respectively. The baseline values for production of hfcs were set at 1,853 million tco2, and the baseline values used by hfcs were 905 million tco2 (including import baseline value of 0.05 million tco2); the total import quota was 100 million tco2.
Figure 8: HFC (Three Generation Refrigerants) Quota Programme 2024 Figure 9: Third Generation Refrigerant Quotas Formula development
It is also a matter of concern that the fourth generation of refrigerants, r1234yf, r1234ze, etc., is in the early stages, that large shares, and the same technologies are now being processed or stored in the future, and that the fourth generation of refrigerants will become a green alternative to the third generation of hfc refrigerants because of their superior performance and environmental protection.
R1234yf, r1234ze, etc. applications are in the early stages, and companies such as mega-stocks, China Fluorine, etc. are now in the process of processing or stockpiling technologies, and the next fourth generation of refrigerants will become a green alternative to the third generation of hfc refrigerants because of their superior performance and environmental protection. Larger shares are the only ones in the country that have one to four generation of HFC-based refrigerants, and the company now owns two major fourth-generation HFC-based refrigerant product units (for generations of processing).
The company will continue to develop new low-gwp refrigerant varieties and blending varieties, such as HFC-4, to adapt to market changes, in addition to actively operating under HFC-3 quotas. Investment proposal: build up three generation refrigerant giants and lead the industry to rewind and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
The company, as the leader of the fluorinated industry, has a good industrial chain layout, a significant cost-side advantage, and a healthy financial structure. According to the fluorinated refrigerant industry, the price and price differentials for three generations of refrigerant products are currently at the bottom of the spectrum, and quota management is about to fall at the legislative level, with the structural changes on the supply side deepening and the concentration of competitive patterns in the industry, and we see three generations of refrigerants on the verge of turning back.
From the fluorine chemicals and fluorinated materials industry, as the living standards of our people improve and the strategic and emerging industries develop rapidly, the fluorinated industry is growing with its unique properties, applications, and market space, and demand is growing steadily. From the company’s own endogenous benefits, the company is increasing the development of advanced fluorinated chemical materials, high-end extension industrial chains, multi-chemical industries, etc.
Given that the acquisition is still in place1 and that the transaction is still subject to the above-mentioned approvals and related procedures, the risk that the above-mentioned approvals and related procedures will not be carried out successfully cannot be ruled out.
2. The pre-exploitation chemical industry has completed the introduction of a strategic investor, the Hong Tae Fund, in which it was agreed that the firm controlled by Xing Hanqin should not transfer flying shares and that investors should have preferential rights of concession and sale. Given that Xing Han Xin holds 39.1320% of the shares in the company for which the bid is directly held, and that the share in the previous transaction has not yet been determined in terms of the specific grantor and the share share in the concession, if Xing Han Xin's transfer is limited by the above-mentioned agreement, this could lead to public interest.
(If this happens, it does not preclude companies from increasing their share of the company ' s capital increase until the company obtains 51% of the equity of the company.) 3 - Business risk: business management integration and synergism are less than expected, overall demand for fluorinated workers is weak, the project is not working as fast as expected, and products are produced.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party’s approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.