Magnificent shares (600160): Deterioration of demand affects the performance of the public division q3 and the outlook for refrigerants upwards: mega-stocks released on the evening of 26 October in the third quarter of 2023, with the company achieving operating income of $16.013 billion in the first three quarters of the year
Quarterly operating income of $5,917 million, an increase of 0.75 per cent in the same year and a 7.20 per cent increase in the ring; net return on maternity of $257 million, influenced by reduced market demand, reduced prices for some of the company's products and lower sales of refrigerants for the main product.
The price of the ring is stable. From the income of the plate, it is influenced by the high base and weak market demand during the same period of the previous year.
For the first three quarters of refrigerants, sales and operating income fell by 7.74 per cent and 14.68 per cent respectively, while the volume of movable property sold in the company ' s fluorinated polymer plates rose by 11.16 per cent and 24.75 per cent, respectively, but was affected by the fall in product prices, resulting in a decline of 11.29 per cent in the previous three quarters; and revenues from the operations of the fluorinated fine chemicals and petrochemical materials plates increased by 144.86 per cent and 144.86 per cent, respectively, respectively.
The company's industrial chain is constantly improving, the benefits of integration are evident, and there is much scope for new products to grow. The company continues to improve the industrial chain layout, with 30,000 tonnes/year pvdf technology expansion project for fluorine polymers, and 10 million/year for electro-fluorinated fluids, which it has now completed.
Procetol expansion and 150,000 tonnes/year Special Polyester Slicing New Materials projects. Benefiting from the rapid development of new energy sources and data centres, the company pvdf and the wide market space for electro-fluorinated liquids, and the company’s new project, it is expected to further drive the company’s investment proposals: The refrigerant industry is expected to be up and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
We believe that the supply-demand relationship of the industry is expected to improve significantly and that it is expected to lead to a long-term climate cycle. In line with the precautionary principle and the market, a long-term climate cycle has been introduced, with the dominant advantage of integration of two or three generations of refrigerant production expanding to the end.
fluorinated liquids with a wide space, fluorine entry week - in-depth basic chemical industry report Appendix: three major statement forecast values
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.