002352.sz comments on profit and cash flows to keep up with the increase in the value of profit efficiency.
Qin Dynasty, 1.51 pct, with a steady decrease in cost rates, management rates, sales rates and financial rates, respectively, compared to the same profit base, with significant improvements in the new business.
Compared to +11.8 per cent, the consumer and industrial manufacturing categories have become the main growth drivers of prescription expressives; 2 economy fast models have kept the industry ahead of schedule, with a significant increase in profitability; 4 cold transport and pharmaceutical operations have generated $9.812 billion (-4.86 per cent) in revenue, mainly due to climatic factors.
2) In the immediate distribution division of the same city, profits doubled. In 24 years, the division generated about $9.011 billion in wealth control (002352.sz) in depth analysis: domestic operations have grown steadily and international operations have opened up space.
Double growth in business and consumer size driven by a 24-year straight-on-one ratio of business activity in the same city, value analysis of surplus holdings (002352.sz): medium + 39 per cent, continued expansion of revenue from instantaneous distribution operations in the same city, and net profit from operating boosts
Short-term performance has remained relatively high and long-term values have been empty. Stock holdings (002352.sz) have been rated: companies have issued 3) supply chains and international divisions, which have generated about $7.400 billion in 24 years, i.e. 17.72 per cent of the year.
The medium-term and special dividends are expected from the value of the company and from the company's active development of supply chains and international markets.
The capital expenditure peak has passed, and free cash flows have risen by 70 per cent.
The peak in corporate capital expenditure has passed, with capital spending falling year after year since 2021, and in 2024 it was $9.9 billion, or 27% of the year. As corporate profitability has improved and management of operating funds has improved, cash flows from corporate operations have continued to increase, with $32.2 billion in cash from operating activities in 2024, the same amount.
By +21%, free cash flows of $22.3 billion, or +70%, and strong free cash flows provide a good basis for the company’s dividends and equity buybacks. A cash split, if possible, can be made in the medium term, depending on how it works.
It was argued that the preparation of long-term shareholder return planning for a company reflected the company ' s consideration of factors such as its own development strategy, stage of development, operating status, capital expenditure plan, cash flow, etc., and that the increase in the share of dividends could contribute to positive returns to investors.
Risk factors: less time frame requirements than anticipated; new business improvements than expected; excess capacity to deliver \triangleright transport, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, maritime transport, etc., have served as external rating in several provinces
In 2023, she joined the Nada, which is responsible for research in the aviation, airport, etc. In 2024, she joined the Nada, which is responsible for research in the courier, logistics, road, etc. The components have not been, have not been or will not be, directly or indirectly, relevant to the specific analysis or observations in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.