Price rises led to the release of the Saaring gold mineral.
Production stabilized in 23 years, stocks rose, and the production of q1 mineral gold increased in the same year.
The company plans to produce 18.63 tons of mineral gold in 2024, and the increase in the price of mining copper has led to an increase in the Māori rate and significant cost controls.
By the end of 2023, there had been a significant increase in the volume of resources retained by the company, with the sum of $163 million in cumulative efficiency gains. Exploration and acquisitions had been parallel to mergers and acquisitions, and the resource base had been stifling.
The cumulative investment of 212 million yuan in prospecting, 30,66 tons of new gold and 1,335 million tons of copper and, through the M&A of Lé County, 372 tons of additional gold and a strong reserve of corporate gold resources.
Quarterly evaluation: significant growth in performance and asset injection \triangleright
A cumulative investment of $582 million has been completed for the construction priority projects, of which Liaoning Shinjing's overall relocation and rehabilitation project is scheduled to be constructed 4. China gold (600489.sh) dynamic report: Quantico-Yung, production; completion of phase I of the deep mining resource extraction project in Inner Mongolia; and Santung Saaring gold mine plus
The gold only platform, the Reform and Deepening Release of Profit Dynamic Energy - 2023/0, is now under construction, four wells are down, works are under way on medium-discovery, skating systems, drainage systems, etc., and work on the surface is proceeding in an orderly manner. The average value of the Saarin gold mine is 2.77g/t.
For one of the 10 major gold mines in the country, according to a report that is expected to be completed by June 2025, with the first postpartum production forecast and investment proposal: the company vigorously pursues the Resource Lifeline strategy, and its merger of the Sage gold mine under the flag of Lei is expected to significantly increase the company's gold production capacity, and the company's performance is expected to benefit fully from it.
With the increase in profitability and output associated with the rise in gold prices, it is expected that the company's net profit return for the period 2024-2026 \triangleright methodology and analytical logic will lead to findings, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.