Gold and copper rises to release the group's assets into the public domain, gold and gold (600489).
Events: The company published its annual report for 2023 and its quarterly report for 2024. The company achieved an increase of 51.72 per cent in 2023 as compared to the same year. In the first quarter of 2024, the company achieved an operating income of $13.164 billion, a decrease of 137 per cent, and a net profit of $783 million for the shareholders of the parent company, an increase of 43.73 per cent.
Production of 18.63 tons of mineral gold and 37.63 tons of smelting gold throughout the year; 7,61 million tons of mineral copper, the rise in electrolytic copper grids, which increased the profitability of the company, the same increase in the company ' s gold operations in 2023, a new breakthrough in deficit control and a continuous increase in cost control: during the reporting period, the company insisted on costs
A leading strategy, deep-seated from management decision-making, process processes, science and technology innovation, control measures, steady cost-dression, advanced cost-control, cumulatively reduced efficiency gains of $163 million in 2023. The cost of the company fell by 11.62 per cent in 2023 compared to the same year, with sales costs falling by 11.62 per cent.
State-owned reforms have improved the quality of listed companies, group high-quality mining assets have accelerated, and resource security has increased.
During this period, the gold price trend will continue to rise, and action will be taken to improve the quality of listed companies and to complete the acquisition of high-quality gold mine capital in the hands of major group shareholders.
In addition, the company is deeply integrated into the new mining breakthrough strategy, with a resource reserve of 891.7 tons of metal, a copper metal of 2162 million tons, and a molybdenum metal of 450,000 tons. And, as the company’s only market platform for gold mining companies, the state’s reforms are accelerating and strengthening the company.
Market value management requires accelerated injection of high-quality gold ore assets from major shareholders, and the future growth of companies is reshaped to maintain a “recommended” rating. Less than expected risk; less than expected risk of new projects being built by companies; and major group shareholder capital.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.