Performance meets expectations, high gold and copper prices drive profit growth Performance increases meet expectations, benefiting from high gold and copper prices.
61,264 million yuan, an increase of 7.20 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother is 2,978 million yuan, an increase in the same year; production is not much different from last year, with expansion projects steadily advancing tons; smelting 40.87 tons, an increase of 0.87 tons over 2022; and mining copper 80,000 tons, a comparison.
The construction of priority projects has steadily advanced, with the completion of the planned construction and production of the Liaoning new capital relocation project, the completion of the first phase of the deep mining resource extraction project in Inner Mongolia and the acceleration of the construction of the project in the light of the difficulties encountered by Shandong Sage; and, in the case of the underground, four wells have been laid and are in progress.
Construction work on the highest/minimum price segments of 52 weeks ' open, slinking and drainage systems.
Deep integration into the new mining break-through strategy, 2023, cumulative geological prospecting into China Gold Group Limited funding of 212 million yuan, completion of pit exploration works of 65,000 metres, drilling works of 197,000 metres, and additions
The amount of gold metal is 30,66 tons and the amount of copper metal is 1,335 tons. The amount of gold metal is increased by the acquisition of cash in Lé County, 372 tons. The management of mining rights has been strengthened, with 25 mining rights extended throughout the year, 1 new prospecting and 3 consolidated mining rights, involving a total of 147.44 square metres of mineral rights.
By the end of 2023, the company had 891.7 tons of resource reserves, 2162 million tons of copper metals, 450,000 tons of molybdenum metals, and 636.96 square kilometres of mine rights.
By consolidating its internal resources, the Gold Group of Company Holdings formed the China-Golden Resources, China-Geological, China-Golden Jewellery, China-Golden Trade, which were responsible for the Group ' s resource hatching, geological survey, engineering design and construction, product extension and marketing, and equipment and large.
Procurement of bulk goods, which will provide strong support for the company’s resource occupancy, increased storage of prospecting, project construction, extension of the industry chain, intensive procurement, cost reduction, etc. High gold prices will operate to release company performance
Recently, the price of comex gold went up. Geopolitics cooled down, but US economic data is expected to hit the corner. The increase in non-farm employment in April announced by the United States in early May was 175,000, which was significantly lower than the market forecast of 240,000, the lowest increase in six months and boosted.
In addition, the latest data from the United States Department of Labor show that April cpi grew 3.4 per cent year-on-year, in line with market expectations at 3.5 per cent; the core cpi dropped to 3.6 per cent year-on-year, which is a new low since April last year. Inflation data have cooled, and the United States Federation has cooled.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available, and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity, and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.