The Bank is a national joint-stock commercial bank with a more than 30-year-old financial license plate.
The country’s banking sector has always been characterized by differentiated business practices, with the roe level at the top of the stock-stock bank. As the once “king king” of industry, the banking system has been flexible, managed and pragmatic, and has accumulated strong advantages in terms of the resources of its clients and the management of its operations.
Business + investment strategy, table-based restructuring, and off-the-shelf development of intermediary investment services.
Founded in August 1988, it is based in Fuzhou City, Fujian Province. After more than 30 years of significant development, as of the third quarter of 2020, the company ' s total assets were $762 trillion, third in the same class of shares.
As a national equity bank, the company has a web site in the country’s major cities.
Loans and loans together accounted for 61.7 per cent and receipts 75.8 per cent, with a strong foundation and prospects for a transformation of the “trade investment” industry. As once “the king of the industry”, the booming banks have accumulated a great deal of business and financial management. Companies based on their investment culture,
The more comprehensive financial license plates and pre-existing business advantages have shifted the focus of development to investment-specific commercial banks, proposing a “1234” strategic system and creating a “three circulatory” system designed to provide clients with more diversified direct financing services, including equity, bonds, etc., in addition to credit services.
The restructuring of the company is basically in place, and the transformation of the comptoir + investment bank strategy is beginning to show, and will continue to be light-loaded. In 2020, the Episode Bank ranked first in the banking sector for the third consecutive year of the interbank bond market, with the asset custodians at the top of the list, 2020 q3 non-equity.
The company’s model of light asset transformation is in line with industry trends and is geared to the financing needs of the new economy, to the target international head bank, Morgan Chase, and to the potential for the future. Roe’s equity bank is ahead, with potential for structural optimization.
In addition, good cost control and sound asset quality are superior to that of companies.
On average, the market shares bank is contributing to roe. By 2020 q3 q3 bank failure rate of 1.47% is at a lower level in the stock register. And the company is underrated to be strict, with a 90-day delay as of January 7, 2021.
The credit/non-performing loan balance was 85.7%, with a weak net interest margin in the bank base, which is mainly related to the structure of the finance that used to characterize the business of the bank. In recent years, the bank has continued to optimize the structure of the fund within the table, and the credit asset share has been significantly raised two years ago in comparison.
Silver and Chinese International Securities Company Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy business The economic downturn has led to a higher than expected deterioration in asset quality.
First, the company profile: the well-known old equity bank, founded in August 1988, has been growing for more than 30 years. At its inception, the bank, formerly known as Fuku Jianjin Bank, was one of the first local stock-based commercial banks to be established with the approval of the State Department and the Central Bank, and was then mainly active in arable land.
In March 1996, the Fujian Bank opened its first branch in Shanghai and, in the same year, began to operate throughout the country in economically developed areas, such as Shenzhen, Guangzhou, and Beijing. In March 2003, the company was officially renamed the Henging Bank and its headquarters was established in the city of Fujian, Fujian Province.
As of the third quarter of 2020, the bank’s assets were nearly $761 trillion, and it ranked third in the stock register. As of the second half of 2020, the bank’s network was ranked second in all the equity companies, second only to the civil banks, with a wide range of business coverage.
Figure 1. The stock size of the Hing bank in the stock bank is third in number. Figure 2. The Hing bank ranks second in number of points in the stock bank. 1.2 Corporate equity structure
As of the third quarter of 2020, the first 10 major players in the Hewlett Bank held seven seats in East China. The company’s first shareholder was the Ministry of Finance of Fujian Province, holding 18.78 per cent of the shares. The second largest shareholder was the Chinese People’s Insurance Group, which consolidated 10.7 per cent of the third largest shareholders through the Chinese People’s Property Insurance Corporation and the Chinese People’s Life Insurance Corporation.
Analysis of the share-holding ratio shows that the main shareholders in the Employing Bank are state-owned capital, most of the public sector are long-term strategic investors, and the equity structure is stable.
As a nation-wide share-stock bank, the Hing Bank has a web site in most of the country’s major cities. However, according to a careful splitting, the Hing Bank has focused on the most advanced regions of the economy, such as the Long Triangle and the Pearl Triangle.
This, on the other hand, provides greater market space for a diversified set of financial services. This is because the demand for more diversified financial services in the more developed regions of the economy, firms and individuals, is stronger, and more conducive to the growth of banks and banks as they become their masters, expanding the range of non-credit-based financial services.
According to the distribution of revenues, the head office generates 43.4% of the revenue, which is far higher than that of other branches, mainly because the bulk of the non-interest-earning business (including investment and investment) that accounts for more than 40% of the company’s revenues is carried out by the head office’s functional units. Moreover, the share of revenue generated in the more advanced regions of the economy other than the head office and the province of Fujian is 20.7%, and the share is quite high.
Figure 4. Credit delivery is mainly concentrated in economically developed coastal areas (2020h) II. Business characteristics: what does the 2.1 comptoir + investment model do?
In 2018, the Bank proposed a “1234” development strategy, which is a more complete elaboration and explanation of the company’s “bank + bank” strategy. In 2019, the company elaborated further on the content of the “1234” strategy, suggesting the strategic objectives of two layouts and three landscapes in the future.
In the future, the company will be based mainly on traditional banking, followed by the optimization of the negative structure, around its customer resources, and above all, will provide clients with more diversified non-credit-based financial services in the form of light capital, such as “debts” and “equity”, in a manner that reduces the consumption of their own capital and meets the needs of clients in the context of the new era.
Increased direct financing ratio, reducing the real demand for leverage. The “Board + Bank” strategy, with future comptoirs developing more on the table, is complementary and synergizing.
Figure 7. Three financial eco-circles of the Bank of Episodes. The Bank of Episodes has always been a leading player in bond underwriting, and since 2018 the company has been ranked first in total underwriting in the interbank bond market. In 2020, the Bank of Episcopal Bonds had a 7.94% share in the market and continued to be a leader in the industry.
The Division's portfolio is also actively exploring the direction of M & As restructuring, asset securitization, etc., and working towards a “light investment” from more holdings.
By pursuing a “light investment” strategy, the Bank hopes to move more from asset holding to asset flow in the future, to become a medium-sized broker and broker of business, and to reduce the investment for light assets. The “rich capital” platform launched by the Bank in 2019 is a good practice for this idea, and a microcosm of how the Bank’s operations are being carried out.
A combination of “finance difficulties” and “asset waste” is often found in the financing market. On the one hand, bank credit is the main supply of social inclusion in the country, but bank credit is often difficult to satisfy the different types of financial services provided by enterprises with different life cycles; on the other hand, the characteristics of new economic enterprises, light assets, high risks, etc., make it difficult for them to become eligible recipients of bank credit.
Asymmetrical information often suffers from a lack of high-quality targets for revenue-sharing. The finance platform launched by the bank in 2019 is accurate, and it is much more of an intermediary in terms of recommending and co-opting projects on both sides of the supply and demand side. In particular, the “money-building” platform will standardize bank bonds, mergers and acquisitions, and group loans, equity financing, various types of non-target assets, etc.
Various types of “equity”, “debt” and “lending” needs of clients are presented online. The types of assets that are presented online include urban development and infrastructure, real estate, leasing, asset securitization, equity, private claims, North European, non-gold bonds, financial bonds, etc.
In this process, the EBs play a risk management and project screening role. “Grown money” results in only one year of successful results, insurance, trust, securities, the active participation of leasing agencies, and a cumulative online proposal of about 200 billion yuan, of which about 120 billion yuan has been approved by the institutions and about 70 billion yuan has actually been spent.
Figure 10. Business process map of the Financial Resource Platform
By the end of the second half of 2020, the size of the bank ' s capital savings had been zero, and the balance of the non-banking properties had been 1.34 trillion yuan, which was still a high increase (11.31 per cent). Of this amount, the net value transformation was well advanced, with the net value of the property assets being 887.1 billion yuan, or 66 per cent, an increase of 15.8 percentage points. In December 2019, the bank ' s finance subsidiary was officially operating in Fuzhou and placed in a unified position.
Building on group advantage, providing full asset type coverage for group-wide clients, and mainstream strategy-wide management products. Business management in the future can be a source of finance for part of the portfolio, and a rich product bank for the company's large wealth business, followed by an important contribution to the company's “big wealth, big capital management, big investment” business.
In terms of external cooperation in financial matters, the Bank continues to deepen its silver and silver platform. By the end of 2020, a partnership was established with 18 provincial associations to channel high-quality wealth management products to three or four-line cities and rural areas on the basis of a silver and silver platform.
A total of 1,465.86 million households are working to provide one-stop, full-scale wealth management services to a wide range of individual clients.
Figure 15. Silver finance is now dominated by solid harvests. Figure 16. Number of customers of money in the closet continues to grow.
The Episode Bank has been working on the creation of a landscape eco-circle, integrating financial services organically into the client production and living scenes, enhancing customer stickyness and financial flows, and strengthening the business base. We have been working through corporate financial disclosure on the results of the various business lines that have been published by the company. The Episode Bank is working with the public, micro, retail, and business lines.
The creation of different eco-scenarios has led to greater customer stickyness, higher retention rates, and positive results. Figure 17. Episode-building, hosting, is also one of the traditional advantages of the Episodes.
As of 2020h, the size of the company’s holdings was 12.7 trillion yuan, an increase of 2.35 per cent at the beginning of the year; the online hosting product 26,291 was retained first in the industry.
Figure 19. The size of the holding of bank assets in the Hing bank ranks III.2.2 as a partner in the stock bank, and we see a long-term development perspective for the business model of the Hing bank comptoir plus comptoir, on the one hand, because of the consistency of the comptoir + investment strategy.
Industry trends; second, because the accumulation of corporate culture, financial license plates, and trade union resources has enabled the Bank to implement its strategy; third, because the Bank’s strategy has matured overseas to match firms – Morgan Chase – that can be drawn upon.
The business model of low-cost banks is consistent with the entity ' s financing needs (1) Financial supply side reforms continue to advance, and regulation actively advocates an increase in direct financing, in the context of which many traditional enterprises themselves have a real need to reduce the ratio of nominal liabilities, lower the cost of liabilities through direct financing, traditional credit instruments and customer demand
2. New forms of industry need to be matched by new financing. According to the 14th Plan and the 2035 Vision developed by the Central China Congress, the new industries include, among others, a new generation of information technology, high-end equipment, new materials, biotechnology, new energy vehicles, new energy sources, green environment, aerospace and marine equipment, and will need to increase the value added of new and strategic industries to domestic production in the future.
But new economic firms tend to have high technological levels but low capital, are in the early stages of creation, have strategic prospects, but are not yet profitable, or are not yet profitable, so that direct financing services are more responsive to the needs of such enterprises than traditional credit. The business model for small assets in dynamic banks is consistent with the country’s long-term trends in the financial sector.
The first is to raise the direct financing ratio, which is a major development in the financial sector; the second is the gradual deepening of interest-rate market-based reforms and the increasing volatility of negative two-end interest rates, which poses a greater challenge to the management of bank spreads; and the third is the overall downward trend in domestic interest rates in the medium to long term.
The layout, in keeping with industry trends, is expected to capture new opportunities for industry development in a forward-looking manner. Unlike the traditional model in which most banks focus on “banking,” the booming banks have always been characterized by differential development.
In 1996, the Episode Bank officially became one of the securities clearing banks to hand over, building on its experience in clearing transactions, and in 2005, the Episode Bank officially launched the Silver Platform, which provides financial services to small and medium-sized financial institutions and opens up their own businesses. With the rapid development of the company's silver platform and capital business, the Episode Bank is in the process of becoming a new bank.
In recent years, with changes in regulatory policy, the booming banks have made a series of adjustments at both ends of the portfolio, and have gradually shifted the focus of their development to investment-specific commercial banks. In 2016, companies proposed to focus on building as a “liquid, investment-oriented, investment-oriented” commercial bank.
The three types of bank, Easy, upgraded in 2017 into a development strategy for comptoirs plus bankers, and the “1234” strategic system in 2018. At the heart of the “1234” strategy is the idea that companies will be transformed into intermediaries and managers of information and capital, while non-traditional asset holders.
Looking back at the development priorities of the Bank’s various historical stages, the Bank’s early initiation of business collaboration, the exploration of capital management, the strategy of the comptoir + investment bank, rather than being a hiatus, is a continuation of the development thinking. After more than 30 years of accumulation, the Bank’s business thinking and model have been embedded in the culture and genes of the Bank’s enterprises, and this is a short time for other practitioners.
The Bank is one of the more well-established banks with financial plates in the stock bank, which covers trusts, leases, funds, futures, assets.
Management, consumer finance, Internet finance, research advice, etc. There is a great potential for customer exchange, cross-selling of products, building of the group’s core business.
Figure 22. Overview of major subsidiaries of the Employing Bank, with a deep-dwelling public stock and extensive cooperative work with its clients, with a primary focus on public business, as of 2020h, on public loans (including instruments) in total loans
According to the company’s official CVP, there are more than 700,000 business customers with financial needs to tap. Second, as a former “man of practice” WB has accumulated a wealth of peer resources, financial customer coverage over 90%, and extensive cooperation with external financial institutions such as banks, trusts, insurance, funds, finance leases, and p. As of 2020h, professional uniforms have been developed.
An integrated and integrated platform for non-banking financial institutions – the Bank's (financial institutions) money management cloud platform has accumulated more than 620 over-the-counters, resulting in a total of 919 trillion yuan in portfolio balances and significant financial deposits through various deposit settlements. The Bank of Enghing and the Small and Medium-sized Gold Bank have worked extensively on the silver and silver platform, which has reached 2,104 institutions. As of September 2020, the Bank of Enghing's “browsing capital” has reached 2,104 institutions.
The number of users of the silver and silver platforms has continued to increase
2.3 With a global perspective, the strategic vision of the Brethren Bank can be matched with that of Morgan Chase in the United States. Morgan Chase is one of the largest banks in the United States, and a regular resident on the list of the 10 largest banks in the world.
In the global banking industry, brokering, M&A advice, bond underwriting, asset management, and market research are all in the vanguard of the world. In 2019, the Morgan Chase Investment Bank generated $38.3 billion in revenue and generated $11.9 billion, accounting for 32.6% of total corporate income, and its global investment banking revenue has been ranked first globally for 11 years.
Intra-business model, in addition to investment bank performance, other commercial banks are doing just the same, and there's real business synergy.
In Morgan Chase's investment business, capital intermediation is the core of Morgan Chase's investment business, with interest-rate debt and high-level credit, debt underwriting, large-scale high-quality enterprise M & A loans, with a long-term income ratio higher than equity underwriting. The intermediation industry, with its main capital, has a lower exposure and better risk control in a risk-changing global market, bringing Morgan Chase high-interest revenue.
The ratio of income to assets of high quality. In 2019, the ratio of Morgan Chase non-interest income was 41%, with a negative rate of only 0.44%, Roe 14.9%, and quality fundamentals were widely recognized in the market and thus also obtained higher valuation pricing. Figure 26. Morgan Chase’s non-interest income ratio remained at over 40%.
Figure 28. Morgan Chase valuation performance is recognized by the market, and we compare the performance of the Employing Bank with the performance of the Morgan Chase Bank, which now accounts for more than 40% of the non-interest income, which is basically in line with Morgan Chase, but the structure of the two is different when it is carefully split.
The share of income related to operations in the BMS category amounted to 66.7 per cent (including income from capital management, self-employment, investments, securities investment); the bulk of the non-interest income from the GIV was revenue from fees, of which the highest was in the bank card business (56.3 per cent, 2019), and there was no clear disclosure of revenue from fees directly associated with the BSP.
Fragmentation, with the expectation that companies will have more systematic data indicators on the “1234” strategy in the future, will facilitate continuous follow-up by investors. If they do, banks can adhere to their comparative advantages, maintain strategic strategism, and continue to move forward with the transformation of the comptoir + investment, while taking into account the performance of the Morgan Chase Bank, the asset quality of the booming bank will continue to be optimized, and the rise in non-interest income will lead to improvements in the roe and fundamentals of the company’s valuation.
On the other hand, it should also be noted that our regulatory and financial market environment is different from that of the United States, that short-term improvising banks have some difficulty in achieving a full view of Morgan Chase, but that the high valuation level of Morgan Chase still provides much more room for imagination for future valuation performance.
III. BASIC FINANCIAL ANALYSIS: Roe is at the top of the stock bank 13.1% by the third quarter of 2020, ranked second in the list, second only to the merchant bank. Further, we split and compared Roe at 2020h, the main listed stock company, and we can see that the bank is leading.
Good cost control and sound asset quality also outperform the average of listed shares and are contributing to them. Weak performance is the net difference of the company, which is at the middle level of the listed shares.
And the continued growth of the comptoir-banking strategy will result in a rapid and sustained increase in non-interest income, which will support the company’s continued leadership of the company’s company, Roe 32.2020q3.
Figure 34. Comparison of splits between major shares (20h)
3.1 The increase in the non-interest ratio and the potential for lightening the strategic light potential show that the share of non-interested bank income is higher than the industry average and is one of the major factors in the performance of the company. As of 2020q3, the share of non-interested bank income in the revenue base was 42.9 per cent.
Second, it is contributing to the company roe. We believe that this is largely due to the company's ongoing strategic transformation of the comptoir + investment bank in recent years, which has led to a positive growth in investment and business practices, leading to a sustained increase in the company's non-interest income in addition to revenue from fees.
Figure 36. Non-interest income as a percentage of income in the equity line splits the non-interest income structure, which alone accounts for 30.6 per cent of revenue collected at the end of the third quarter of 2020, in comparable lines.
The structural bank card charges are the main component, 54% at the end of 2020h, and are expected to be related to the rapid roll-out of corporate credit card operations; the second and third-ranked consulting fees/hosting fees have decreased in the context of tight financial regulation.
Figure 37. Revenue from fees and charges as a percentage of assets in the first 3.2 ranking of the stock register: the poor rate is better than comparable counterparts, the pressure from the provision is lighter, and we can also see that the ratio from the roe split is lower in 2020h than the industry average and is contributing to the roe
This, in our view, is mainly due to: 1) the relatively low allocation of venture assets by companies (reduced credit assets, with a low ratio of 49.3% in 2020q3); 2) the fact that corporate credit clients are dominated by large- and medium-sized clients and have performed better in terms of asset quality than comparable counterparts. By 2020q3, the rate of bad banking was 1.47%, and was lower in the listed stock company.
Figure 39. Non-performing loan rates are low in the equity sector - high growth rate  2020q3
In recent years, the Bank of Episodes has shown an overall downward trend in the proportion of loans of interest to the target group, with the ratio of 2020h to 1.67%, a decline of 11bp compared to the beginning of the year, followed only by a recruitment exercise in the comparison of shares banks. Looking ahead, as the Bank of Episodes “1234” moves forward, companies are increasingly involved in capital-consortium financing, concentrating credit resources that consume capital.
There is much room for improvement in the quality of corporate assets for the best-quality consensual clients, the poor performance of the target foreign Morgan Chase Bank.
In terms of horizontal comparison of listed shares, the bank’s level of provision is higher in the industry. Given that the bank’s client structure is dominated by large and medium-sized credit, a more stringent rating and a lower level of concern, the company’s provision is generally adequate.
In the splitting of roe, the indicator of weak performance of the bank’s basics is mainly a net interest margin for the company. By 2020h, the bank’s net interest gap was 1.93%, with absolute values at the lower-moderate level in the listed stock register. Analysis of split capital at the lower end of the scale, the bank’s asset end rate of return was relatively low in the equity line, while the liability end-cost rate was higher, and the company’s cost was weak at both ends of the scale.
In recent years, the Bank has been focusing its activities on the optimization of its capital structure. By 2020, q3 bank credit had increased significantly by 7 percentage points compared to 2018.
Figure 46. Net difference recovery is weaker than any other equity company.
Figure 47. Interest-bearing asset yields are low in the equity bank The asset end-of-the-life rate at the boom bank performed slightly less than at other comparable banks, partly because of the low credit asset share. As at 2020q3 the share of equity investment assets and loans in total assets was 37.4 per cent/49.3 per cent, respectively, in a comparison of listed shares.
The loans with the highest middle-income share are the lowest among total assets, delaying the performance of interest-bearing asset yields. But the company has been continuously restructuring its assets for the past two years, with credit increasing gradually in total assets and by 2.5 percentage points at the end of 2020q3.
On the other hand, most of the customer structures of the Employer Bank are large business clients and, in addition to credit lending, more consideration is given to providing diversified and integrated services to large clients based on a “bank + bank” strategy, so that the lowest share-stock comparison is in terms of the pricing of the credit end alone.
Figure 49. Growth in the share of bank loans in the business sector
At the end of the debt spectrum, the cost of the bank liability is higher, with the lowest-cost deposit-type liability ratio in the liability structure being the lowest in the equity bank (57 per cent, 2020q3); and the fact that the bank does not have an advantage in terms of the cost of absorbing deposits alone. It is expected that because (1) the bank ' s deposit structure is predominantly pro-public (75 per cent, 2020h), there is also a relatively weak bargaining power in the pricing of deposits; (2)
Business characteristics make the company ' s accumulation of capacity relatively weak. Figure 53. End-of-debt structure: deposit share is the lowest compared to equity line. Figure 54. Deposit cost is in the middle of the equity line.
Figure 56. Bank deposits at the Employing Bank are dominated by the public 55. Bank deposits at the Employing Bank are relatively low, with lower cost-earnings at 3.4 per cent and positive contribution to roe
By breaking up the roe, we can see that the lower operating costs of the bank are also showing up to the contributing company roe. By 2020 q3, the cost of the bank was 22.1%, a decrease of 1.41 percentage points. In comparison with the cost of the market share bank at the end of the third quarter of 2020, it is lower. We believe that this is mainly due to: 1) the stronger financial technology of the bank helps the company to pass through.
(ii) The Bank of Engage, which has a high value and scale effect on both public and business operations, has a lower cost income in the listed stock-stock bank, which is an old national joint-stock commercial bank for more than 30 years, regardless of the size of the assets and the number of points of the network.
In recent years, the company has continued to restructure its operations at both ends of the financial chain and to promote the “1234” new comptoir + investment battle.
With a slight shift to optimize the negative structure of the table, non-credit-type financial services are offered on a “capital-brokered” basis, corporate strategies are in line with industry trends, and the potential for future development of the top overseas bank, Morgan Chase, is to be expected. We expect the boom bank 20/21 ps loan boom to be 14 per cent higher in the first three quarters of 2020, taking into account that 1) the boom bank is continuing to grow by 14.0 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Restructure the end-of-asset structure and raise the credit ratio; 2) bank capital adequacy in the booming sector and sufficient space for credit delivery; 3) Regulation continues to be a major guide for banks to increase their lending and financial support to the real economy, so we expect the difference in interest over the next two years to be 1.93% net interest spread for the growing bank 2020h.
Recovering, monetary policy will gradually return to normality, and asset-end earnings are expected to rise slightly in the context of a narrow margin of liquidity; negative debt, liquidity margins tightening, will put some upward pressure on the cost of corporate debt, although a sustained adjustment for high-interest liabilities, such as structural deposits, will partially ease the pressure on the banks ' liabilities.
Assumptions of non-interest income growth: after prior-period adjustments, the overall rate of increase in fees earned by the booming banks since 17 years has returned, with an increase of 15.6 per cent in 19 years and a 27.4 per cent increase in net commission revenue from companies in the first three quarters of 20 years, coupled with the continued advancement of the “1234” strategy of the booming banks, and the gradual realization of the effectiveness of the creation of a light-breathing bank, we are looking forward to future booming bank charges.
Cost-income ratio assumption: Given the level of good corporate financial science and technology construction and the scale of the impact on the business structure of the public customer, the cost-management costs of the booming bank have been at a low level among the listed banks, with the cost-earning ratio of the booming bank in 2019 at 25.8% and stable overall for the last two years. We therefore expect that the cost-earning ratio of the company in 20/21/22 will also remain stable, with a share to be split.
▪ Credit cost: In 2019, the cost of credit for the Episcopal Bank was 1.82 per cent, an increase of 9bps from 2018, given that 20 years of supervision have led the Bank to strengthen the disposal of bad write-offs, strict poor determinations, and the economy as a whole is in a lower cycle, we expect a red rate: the Episcopal Bank has maintained a steady fraction of 24 per cent since 2014 and the company's share in 2019.
We use comparable valuation methods, using the current valuation levels of other listed banks, to value the booming banks. At present, a major share is in the listed stock bank, where the value is higher than the value of the bank ' s main recruiting and safe banking, where retail banking is heavily guarded, where the leading financial science and technology industry has been favoured by institutional investors, while the bank ' s retail transition has been successful in recent years, and the strategy is being implemented.
By 2020, the credit structure of the bank, the non-target business adjustments, had been largely completed, and the indicators had all met the regulatory requirements as shares.
Innerroe's second mark, the net market rate (pb) is the third. In the future, the potential of the lightized strategy of the comptoir + investment bank is to be expected, and the low capital consumption pattern is consistent with industry trends, helping to raise the performance of the roe, which is well-characterized among listed banks, and is expected to get a valuation premium.
As a pro-cyclical sector, banks are more relevant to economic development. Macro-economic development affects the operation of the real economy and profitability, thus affecting the performance of the banking sector’s assets. If the economy is expected to go down, there is a risk that the quality of the banking sector’s assets will deteriorate, thereby affecting the profitability of the banking sector.
Appendix Chart. Reference to valuation tables of listed companies in the report