The Silver World Global Market's smart investment company has been upgraded to China's medium-sized 601888ch, with a steady profitability and a guaranteed net profit as the primary objective throughout the year.
According to recent figures, the number of passengers in Hainan Province increased by 37.5% in January-August, which is what we expected before the RMB 132.3. We expect that China’s income support will be maintained for the second half of the year, while the level of profit will continue to rise.
Upgrade, the product mix continues to be optimized -- jewellery and wristwatch sales are back on momentum, tobacco and alcohol sales are dependent on airport customers, and the recovery of the flow continues to increase. At the collection level, although recently influenced by the macro-environment and by specific groups of customers during the summer season.
The Division's overall quarterly harvest was boosted by a week-long fragrance promotion campaign last week on the mid-September day, which led to steady income growth and guaranteed a net return to the mother as the primary business goal throughout the year.
See, the recovery rate is expected to rise in the second half of the year, even if the growth in revenue is slightly slower than market expectations. Given the fact that pre-stocking and city occupancy rates have largely returned to healthy levels, companies are not facing the risk of sacrificing the Māori rate in exchange for profit pressure.
▪ In the context of stock optimization and good industry regulations, external influences are eliminated on a case-by-case basis, and the Māori rate is continuously recovering. 1) High/low stock prices within 52 weeks (millions of people's department stocks have gradually returned to healthy levels, and brand-given refunds, swap policies and guaranteed company returns.
2) With the introduction of a series of policies in Hainan province in May to combat “sub-purchase” smuggling, the price war in the industry has improved considerably. Companies are gradually being better regulated by industry development, with a market share in June, and the rents and overseas expansion of existing priority stores are expected to spread out early next year.
The policy is expected to be further optimized next year. (5) No further precise information is available on the tax-exit plan for Hainan Island, and the company’s operations will not be affected in the medium to long term.
The company plans to build a new project and keep the core crowd under control. With regard to the makeup plate, one stage of the perfume house in Seagurt Bay has been substantially completed and is expected to open in October; with regard to the luxury plate, lv and Dio have tax stores are expected to open in November and December; with regard to the integrated business sector, the third phase of the Bay project in cooperation with the ancients and the Intercontinental Hotel project.
We'll start operating in 2025 and 2026, respectively. Profit forecasts: based on the progress in the recovery of passengers and the elasticity of the company's profitability, we'll maintain the previous profitability valuation: we'll see China as a leader in the medium and long term benefiting from tourism and tax-free industrial development.
The rate of gain corresponds to a standard deviation below the average value since 2018.cmbinternational Figure 5: Trends in the number of overnight visitors in Hainan Province
Figure 6: Trends in duty-free consumer unit prices in Hainan province off the island. Figure 7: Trends in flight and passenger traffic at San Phoenix International Airport. Figure 8: Trends in traffic and passenger traffic at Melane International Airport.