We're looking forward to the low base performance and the tax-free New Deal opportunities for the second half of the year.
In addition, we reported a relatively positive performance in our preliminary judgement, and expected corporate cost controls are also in place.
Optimization is evidence of the firm’s positive attitude towards regressive operations. (2) Seaside duty-free operations are more pressured than 202102 and duty-free returns and exits are gradually recovering. 20202, in conjunction with industry tracking, we estimate a 30-40 per cent increase in public revenue-free earnings below the low base, a 20% decline from 2021q2 and a 20% decline in consumption + re-engineering of brand price systems.
+ Impacts such as regulatory upgrades in the Hainan duty-free market, expected pressure on the aromatic class; gradual recovery of duty-free entry/exit, with expected input output still not matching at the stage, resulting in continued delays in off-line airport operations. 3) Profit forecasting and investment proposals: taking into account the impact of the overall consumer environment, exchange rate fluctuations, etc., taking into account the tax-free performance of Hainan since q2 and exit trips
The gradual recovery of the pace, the downward revision of the company Hainan duty-free operation, the exit and exit tax-free recovery assumptions and the parent net interest rate assumptions (detailed in the main table), the disruption, and the fact that subsequent Hainan closures still have policy details to follow that lead to inconsistent market expectations, the company ' s stock price adjustments since this year have also shown positive signs, with the onset of the summer season and the q4-seanan season, which is expected to continue at a better pace than in the second half of the year against a low base.
And, with the gradual resumption of the follow-up outbound journeys, we expect that tax-free policies will remain in place early next year. On the median line, the Department, as a global tax-exempt giant, is deep-deeping on all sides of the super-tourism retail channel, the sea-south layout continues to be strengthened, and the potential for medium- and long-range growth is significant when the future “exit + sea-south” group is shared and the “Hanan + airport + inner-city” consumption channel is fully connected.
The future of the company’s middle-line growth prospects, coupled with the expectation of a new future policy, maintains a “buy-in” rating. First, tax-free operations at midday and even q2 Hainan performed modestly, with a relatively gradual recovery in the flow of incoming and outgoing passengers, and the market had previously been partially pessimistic.
Concretely, 202.02 is an increase of 39% in income and 14% in net profit, e.g., excluding the disturbance factor from last year’s period, estimating the net profit from the business return from the net profit from the mother, 1.5557 billion yuan/+13.74%. If the combined gain/loss on exchange of $600.7 billion from the rent at White Cloud Airport and $400 million gain/loss on exchange from last year’s same period is excluded.
Together with the impact, we estimate that this year ' s q2 net return profits have increased by 50% on a comparable calibre and at a lower base, and that the q2 net operating return profits have increased at a relatively higher rate than the income increase, so we expect that the efficiency of the company ' s operations, after removing the base period disturbance factor, has improved (specifically when details are disclosed), and that the side shows a positive attitude of the company.
Figure 2: Quarterly Māori rates and net home country interest rate changes since 2020
In spite of the gradual recovery of duty-free sales under the low base, the same period as in 2021 has also resulted in a drag on duty-free operations at airports of entry and exit at both the income and cost stages of the climb period, as analysed below. 2023q2, the company’s gradual recovery under the low base of duty-free operations in Hainan has declined from 2021q2.
According to data such as Seagate Customs, tax-free sales off the island below q2 Hainan this year are expected to be $9.6 billion/+49%, but they are about 27% lower than 2021q2. The business office estimates that Hainan's tax-free shop sales (including taxes) fell by 14% in June, and there is some pressure. From the company's point of view, we have estimated that the company's revenue from Hainan operations (tax-plus-under-line) increased by 30-40% over the same period, but with the same estimate.
For the reason that this year's Hainan duty-free sales showed evenly, with the influence of factors such as “consumption recovery + refracting the price system of perfumed brands + upgrading of the rules of retail tourism in Hainan” at the heart of this year, the fragrance has been most pronounced. Since this year, with a gradual recovery in consumption, some of the options for consumption have been recovered, and the q2 sea-south season has become more intense.
The price system has been reshaping + a gradual recovery in consumption, and sales, such as fragrance, have been regulated. Meanwhile, since May, under the combined effect of the new Hainan labelling/raw materials/combating sub-purchases, it is expected to affect Hainan’s tax-exempt short-term data, especially the pressure on perfume.
Shanghai’s contribution (low-tax base growth on the line + gradual recovery of the off-line airport duty-free), which together represents a significant increase of 60-100% over last year’s low-q2 base, has been slow to recover other exit duty-free duties. Among these, the airport’s relatively slow recovery of tax-free operations, due to the gradual recovery of incoming and outgoing passenger flows (subject to international flights, visas, etc.), has resulted in a correspondingly incomplete matching of the output of the airport’s duty-free operational inputs, which has put pressure on the airport’s tax-exempt operations phase.
The company has also been actively working as a company to deal with the challenges of operating the transition period, and there are expectations of tax-free policies in the cities of China’s primers leaving the country, as well as the uncertainty of the transition period’s business and future Hainan closure policy. The company is also actively seeking to change it, considering the demands of the firm to test profits and actively use capital platforms.
This year, the tax exemption at Sanya airport will increase from 1800 m2 to 6800 m2, the increase in the nuclear flow entrance is expected to increase, and 3. The opening of the first phase of the Bay is expected at the end of September, and the volume of the Bay project will be expanded by 50 per cent. 4) Luxury brands lv and dior have confirmed that they will enter the Bay Bay II project in a tax-based form and that they will open in September-October of this year.
Second, considering the pressure of the climber period, the company does not preclude further coordination with the airport, etc., to coordinate the transition policy, and to do so in a multi-pronged manner, to speed up the airport's tax-exempt channels as soon as possible.
In addition, companies have been pressured to partially reduce the Māori rate, for example, through the adjustment of their credit policies. The investment proposal is that the performance of the Central Report is showing positive signs, and that the pace of growth is expected to continue better in the second half of the year against a low base, coupled with new policy expectations.
Taking into account the effects of the overall consumer environment, exchange rate fluctuations, etc., and taking into account the q2 level of duty-free business performance in Hainan and the pace of gradual recovery of the outbound journeys, we downgrade the company ' s tax-free operations in Hainan, the assumption of duty-free return to and from China and the assumption of net interest rates on the home country, as detailed in the table below, to take a comprehensive look at our downturn, and there are further details of the policies that will need to be tracked in the subsequent Hainan closures, which have led to inconsistent market expectations, but the company ' s stock price adjustment has been gradually responding since this year.
And, with the gradual resumption of the follow-up exit trip, we expect that tax-exempt policies in the city will still be expected by the end of this year. In the middle line, companies, as global tax-exempt giants, work deep on super-tourism retail channels, continue to strengthen the sea-south layout, and the future “exit + south-sea” group of visitors will be together.
The potential for medium- and long-term growth after full access to the “Henan+airport+” consumption channel is fully established. Combining the current market value levels and the prospect of medium-term growth without companies, together with the expectation of new future policies, to maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Fig. 5: The trend of free stock prices in China and the resurgence of the data used in the report are based on compliance channels; the logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, with reasonable judgement and conclusions, and is likely to be based on a reasonable conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author