Sin Yishan Guard Tourist Retail China Free (60188.sh)
Tax-free hotel sales for offshore hotels amounting to $32.396 billion (+31%) and tax-free purchases amounting to 3,733,000 (+45.4%).
Over the same period in 2019, 13.9 million (+41.7 per cent) flights were flown in July, compared to 105.52 per cent in the same period in 2019; and 11.13 million (+7.63 per cent) flights were flown in July, the highest/lowest in the year:
China’s new membership system was officially launched on 8 June with the aim of enhancing the market value of the circulation shares (millions) to combat smuggling companies such as sub-purchases:
The high diamond vip has changed from a cumulative two-fold to a 1.5-fold component, and a double-centenary for birthday months to a birthday entitlement.
(+1.82 pct), of which $4.274 billion (+126.06 per cent) is for sales costs, which is the recovery of key airport traffic during the period, resulting in increased rental costs and a lower base for rent relief over the same period last year; and administrative costs
1007 million yuan (+16.46 per cent) represents an increase in the remuneration costs of new shops for employees; R & D costs have increased by 82.45 million dollars. The net cash flow from operating activities has increased by $8,573 million, or $12.1 billion over the same period in the previous year, representing an increase in sales receipts over the same period.
Zhang Xiaojun's second half of the year's vacation, winter retreat, is expected to boost the island's tourist arrivals. Tax-free billing is currently under pressure, mainly tax-free discounts during the year.
The price of singles is affected by the accumulation of high-value items, watches, jewellery, clothing, etc., and the combination of this year’s rate of increase in overall perfumed consumption. As Hainan Province continues to promote duty-free consumption off the island, the distribution of consumer vouchers, the organization of shopping festivals, etc., and the remodelling of the price system by major tax-exempt groups, optimizing the flow of core products up and down, leaving the island for free.
Risks of macroeconomic fluctuations; risk of changes in duty-free off-island policies; consumer purchasing power less than expected \triangleright reasonable basis. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.