The growth in the company's business performance during the reporting period has largely benefited from the gradual recovery of the domestic tourism market, which has led to sales revenues, among other things.
In the first five months of the year, Hainan Airport/Twia Phoenix Airport had accumulated 7.54/5.85 aircraft landings.
10,000 sorties, +70.17 per cent/+65.27 per cent of the same year; approximately 1,123.32/96.67 million passenger throughputs, +109.8 per cent/+106.29 per cent of the same year, and hot tourism in Hainan; and the resumption of incoming and outgoing passenger traffic, which accelerated, with 23h1 arrivals and flights reaching 2.9 million persons, respectively, at the Beijing border crossing, for example.
Second, more than 21,000 sorties, an increase of 11.7 and 40 per cent over the same year, have ensured an average daily flow of incoming and outgoing passengers and passengers for the month of this year. In our view, sea-south cruises to the island during the reporting period were high, but the relative shortage of refined supplies + progressive recovery of front-end consumption + counter-purchases
The effects of factors such as a constraint on the rate of transformation of shopping, coupled with the onset of the summer season and the q4 season in the south of the sea, with the supply of commodities replenishing and the prospect of a further boost in the off-island duty-free market; a recovery in international passenger flows; and an acceleration of international tourism recovery to facilitate a gradual recovery in duty-free entry and exit.
Expanding the supply of refined products + the Free Out Island Shopping Festival and activating the potential for duty-free consumption.
Second issue of the Paifan International Free City, further improving the top-luxury layout. The shopping festival stimulates consumption: Hainan Province held the second Hainan International Free Market Festival in 2023, in late June and August, for two days.
During the month, Hainan Province will issue a 20 million tax-free shopping government consumption coupon, which is expected to contribute to the fast-track assessment of 2022h1 performance: ongoing changes in the profitability of the epidemic; and a steady return to duty-free consumption off the island.
On March 14, the company announced that it would take 49% of its shareholdings through an additional 1,228 million acquisitions, with 12 municipal duty-free shops covering the central cities of Beijing, Shanghai, Hangzhou, Nanjing, Chongqing, Harbin, etc.
China Air Securities Company Ltd. Completing the tax-exempt scheme within the city, taking away the tax-exempt resources of the central city, and complementing the tax-exempt operations of foreigners leaving the country with policies related to tax-exempting within the city.
As domestic leaders in the duty-free sector, the company has been able to access the "Hainan+ airport+online" in the context of a steady increase in the flow of passengers off the island and internationally and a gradual recovery in the population's consumption.
Tax-consuming channels matrix, maximizing its resource excellence in operations, supply chains, users, etc., re-engineering brand price systems, accelerating performance, and the potential for medium- and long-term growth are significant.
China-China Securities Service (CISA) teams: At the heart of basic research, based on industrial frontier, global view comparison, deep-tracking of industries such as meta-cosm, catering tourism, tax exemption, medical beauty, jewellery, and education, keeping the art of consumption up to date, digging up valuable cattle with acute sniffing. In the absence, and in the future, it will not be directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
This report is prepared by China Shipping Securities Ltd. (which already has the qualifications for securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board). It is not about any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Air Securities Ltd. and its associated companies have acted in violation of local laws or regulations for the purpose of sending, issuing, receiving or using this report. The copyright of the material in this report is a Chinese air security unless otherwise indicated.