A 13.75 per cent increase in the q2 return net profit on a year-on-year basis, and an improvement in the Māori ring ratio event: the company issued a 23h1 performance report, which met expectations. The 23h1 company generated business income of $35.858 billion, an increase of 29.68 per cent in the same year; the parent ' s net profit was $3.864 billion, a decrease of 1.87 per cent in the same year;
The net profit from non-repatriation is 1,557 million yuan, an increase of 13.74 per cent over the same period. We believe that the growth in corporate operating income is benefiting from a gradual recovery in the domestic tourism market, that the company seizes opportunities and constantly optimizes the supply of its products, that it drives a sustained increase in sales earnings, especially below-line sales, and that the net profit margin of the parent is commensurate with expectations.
Companies pay more attention to the balance of profits and size, and the Māori ratio in the main business has steadily increased. 23H1 gross interest rate is 30.42%, an increase of 7.81 pcts compared to the ring in the second half of last year, of which the second quarter is over the first quarter of the ring, Liu Wenzheng
At present, Hainan is in the advanced stages of rehabilitation, and consumption has yet to be restored. At present, Hainan is in the advanced stages of rehabilitation, and consumption has yet to be raised.
According to the Ministry of Commerce, the number of duty-free shops in Hainan Island during the first half of the year was 5,166,000, returning to 97 per cent in 2019, a significant increase over the same period in 2020-2022.
The same increase of 34 per cent, tax-free sales of $26,484 million, or 26 per cent, and the unit price of $51,26.6 per cent, are associated with the impact of the epidemic on the departure and overall consumption of the population, which is expected to recover gradually in the second half of the year.
\triangleright, based on the company’s priority projects, is gradually climbing the profitability of the new seaport’s international tax-free city and is expected to contribute to the growth point;
The company actively promoted the Sanya Sea Bay Phase 2 project, which is expected to open on 30 September; from the commodity side, the company actively promoted the restructuring of the goods, guaranteed the best-selling supply, and optimized the main commodity discounts. We believe that as the discounts continue to be reduced, with the improvement of the structure of the goods and the operation of the new Seaport Free City continues to climb the slopes.
1. China ' s Middle East exemptions (60188.sh) were reported in the first quarter of 2023: performance fell year-on-year and expected to be profitable throughout the year
It is expected that in 2023, the Hainan area project will benefit first from the rehabilitation of passenger flows and then gradually from the recovery of consumer power, and that the China-New Harbour project will be officially opened in October 2022, with the prospect of progressive release during the climb, and that we expect the Bay Sea Bay I-2 site to contribute to an increase in its landing in 2023.
3. China’s mid-point exemption (600888.sh) was forecast for 2022, contributing to a potential increase, taking into account the current recovery in China’s passenger flow, but consumption is weak and weak.
Review: 2022 under-performing, looking forward to more flower-driven industries, a clear attitude towards cost reduction, and the opening of a new sea port duty-free city at Seaports - 2022/08/31
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.