China Quick Report on Performance (60188.sh) 23h1 meets expectations and sales and profitability are expected to improve continuously Events: China Quick Report on Performance: 1) 23h1 achieved a revenue of RMB 35.858 billion per year
We're looking at a reduction in the income-side burden from supply-side pressure from supply-side and demand-side: 25,889 million yuan in 23q2 battalion, and we're looking at the split, and we expect that the Hainan plate will contribute about 10 billion yuan, q2 as a low season for sea-south tourism, with a combination of weak consumption power, weak discounts, diversions, counter-subordination, and so on.
At a time when the supply of best-selling items is either a problem or a drag on sales, the revenues of the 23q2 Sea South plate are expected to drop by 30 per cent; we expect that Shanghai will contribute about $4 billion, the ring will remain essentially flat, and the airport will receive revenue below the duty-free line, which is expected to increase on a seasonal basis with the resumption of entry and exit.
+3.67pt, China-South tax exemption and Shanghai discounts continue to narrow, and the upgrading of the membership system has led to a decline in sales. We expect the discount to be reduced by 2-3 pct. In addition, 23q1 yuan ring appreciation, and we expect the exchange rate to be reflected at the end of the cost as a contribution to the improvement of the q2 Maori ring, but we expect that the exchange rate will also contribute to the improvement of the q2 ratio.
The current renminbi exchange rate is further pressurized, or has some impact on the cost of subsequent purchases. The main reasons for the decline in the revenue share of the Hainan plate, the increase in airport rent, or the decline in the profitability ring ratio are the 23q2 net interest rate of 10.36%, ring rate of 0.72 pt, and the increase in the Maori rate of the ring of interest rate of slightly lower interest rates.
There is a decline, which we expect to result mainly from a decline in the revenue share of the Hainan plate, with higher net interest rates, and an increase in the airport rent ring due to the accelerated reworking of the off-line duty-free shops and the continued recovery of the flow of incoming and outgoing passengers, with an operating profit of 11.89 per cent for 23q2 and 3.30 pct.
Looking forward to the year, we look forward to a sustained improvement in earnings and profitability: at the income end, the sales end ring is expected to vibrate with the summer season; in addition, we believe that the city-wide tax-exempt policy is expected to accelerate, and the Sanya Bay Area 2 will be added to the river.
The impending opening of the two major luxury brands of Kyoshima, the uphilling of new seaport sales and the recovery of consumer power are also expected to contribute to a return to the growth route: (2) At the profit end, there is still a high margin of improvement before the outbreak, as foreign capital melts.
The brand price system has recovered through the whole channel, exempted from downward adjustments to membership rights and narrow discounts, and we firmly see a seasonal increase in corporate profitability; at the same time, we believe that there is still room for exploration, influenced by the international passenger flow recovery process, for downswings in airport rents.
Sinda Securities Co., Ltd., Ltd., Investment Proposal: Medium Free Trade, with the prospect of benefiting from the return of overseas consumption and tax-exempt policy dividends,
In 2022, we joined the Shuda Portfolio as Deputy Director-General of the Research and Development Centre. In 2021, we won the second place in the new wealth zero suit.
In November 2022, they joined the Sinda new consumer group. They covered cosmetics, medical beauty, social clothing, Li Bong Jing, Master of Science at the Champagne branch of the University of Illinois, Bachelor of Science in Economics at the South-West University of Finance and Economics, and the Sinda new consumer group in November 2022.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.