According to Hainan, the Customs Department announced that three years after the New Deal for Exempted from the Island had been implemented, tax-free purchases had been regulated.
13.7 billion, which is a measure of approximately $9.5 billion, or 47 per cent, of duty-free shopping on 23q2 Hainan Island, but a decline of about 28 per cent over the same period in 2021, is expected to be influenced mainly by a combination of weak consumption power, large-scale diversion of electricity suppliers, and counter-purchases: the airport duty-free shop, which will resume in the same period in 2019 as a result of departure flights starting in June
40%, for which we believe that the scale of the daily income contribution is equal. At the profit side, the 2q net return profit is growing at a slower rate than the income increase is expected to be affected by two factors: (a) the company’s Māori rate is 34%, so the Māori rate is still declining by the same time; and (b) the unsealed company plans to raise it on the basis of the original agreement.
The combination of goods trade The rent of the airport's tax-free shop resulted in a significant increase in the cost of the period (a fallback of the rent at White Cloud's airport during the same period last year).
While there are still short-term expectations of duty-free departures due to macroconsumption pressures and high sub-purchases in Hainan, the share of institutional investors in circulation is expected to accelerate the rate of tax-free earnings from the island, facilitated by the South China marketing policy and the activities of tax-free shops over the same period of the year;
On the other hand, the recent resumption of flights to and from the country has accelerated, and has now resumed to around 45% in the same period in 2019, and the airport’s recovery will gradually supplement the company’s revenues. Moreover, as discounts have narrowed and historical levels are taken into account, there is much room for rehabilitation, which is expected to improve the company’s profitability.
The Division has increased its cooperation with brand names, and the membership system has improved, adding to the long-term logic of the company’s long-term development in anticipation of the tax-free shop policy in the city.
Figure 2: Immigration flight recovery units: This report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.