Tourist Retail at 09/07/2023 q2 performed as expected, waiting for the 2h23 season watch
Gu Jianwen issued the semi-annual performance report for 2023, and 1h23 achieved business income of 35.9 billion yuan per year + 30 per cent, a net return of 3.86 billion yuan per year + 1.9 per cent, and a net gain of 3.85 billion dollars per year — 1.9 per cent.
The Māori q2 ring ratio continued its upward trend, with net interest rates for parent countries being influenced by multiple factors. The 2023 company achieved revenue of RMB 15.9 billion per year per year + 39 per cent, benefiting mainly from a low base for the same period of 22 years and the resumption of operations of the airport duty-free channel this year, of which the Hainan channel is expected to contribute 9 billion +.
Given the impact of further tightening of the company ' s discount strategy, changes in exchange rates and the increased share of duty-free goods sold at airports, considering the prospect of a gradual recovery in the subsequent airport sales and in the supply of high Maori excellence, improvements in the company ' s Māori ratio are linked to the resumption of airport channels, resulting in increased rental costs and gains and losses for minority shareholders.
The supply and demand variables are expected to improve gradually, waiting for the company to get back on track, and the impact of the insufficient supply of duty-free refined products on the company ' s revenue and on the Māori sector this year is more pronounced, adding to the poor macro-consumption environment, which has slowed the recovery of the tax-free market in Hainan Island than the return to passenger flow.
In order to optimize the supply of goods, we expect a gradual solution to the shortage of best-selling products in the second half of the year. Moreover, the Hainan government and its operators have now put in place measures to meet the 2h23 season, and in July, a 10,000-dollar tax-free shopping coupon, which is expected to boost consumption during the season.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.