In the second quarter of the year, the Māori rate has improved, and the overall distribution has helped the middle-line growth of social services, tourism and viewing areas, where the net return of mothers is equal to the same net profit and is fast-tracked. In the first half of the year, the company earned 358.58.
If the impact of rent returns over the same period last year is excluded, it is estimated that the net profits of the company's parent increased during the first half of the year, that the tax-exempt and direct mail revenues are expected to increase well in the first half of the year, and that the revenues from the airport's tax-free climb period are estimated to have increased by about 25-33% plus, with Sanya stores/sea exempting each of them from revenue collection.
Sea revenue of $8.197 billion/+50.3 per cent is expected to be driven mainly by the growth of direct daily mail revenue, and the estimated tax-exempt income of Shanghai airport is still gradually recovering; its net return profit is $0.08 billion/-96.6 per cent, which is expected to be offset by a loss in the return of tax-free airport operations to the slope period (higher rents).
Similarly, the company’s other hub airport tax-exempt business plans are under pressure to operate in the slope period. In addition, the international annual income of $25.330 billion is avoided, with an improvement in the next quarter’s Māori rate ring ratio, the airport rent burdened the sales rate, and the treasury rate is optimized.
In the first half of the year, the Māori ratio was 30.6 per cent/-3.4 pct, mainly based on exchange rate fluctuations and brand support recognition base of billions of yuan, and 2022h1 had a cashback contribution from white cloud airport rents; and in the first half of the year, the financial rate was optimized, mainly as a result of interest income from post-port equity financing, currency exchange gains, etc., resulting in a return of financial costs to $357 million.
China Middle Free (60188.sh) - China ' s reported performance shows positive signs and looks forward to the second half of the year. China Middle Free (60188.sh) — quarterly net profit pressure, full-blown roll-out to catch up with the pace of recovery of consumption and policy expectations, taking into account the restoration and return of perfumed price systems.
In the face of the new situation, the company is actively communicating with brands, channels, etc., and intends to take a number of meta-measures to help with recovery; and it is continuing to stifle the titanium and upgrade the Bay of the Sea.
Expansion, three phases are under way, and q4 and q1 are expected to move gradually into the Hainan season; and three are accompanied by a gradual resumption of exit trips, with some expectation of tax-exempt policies in the future departure city. The integrated company currently has the market value and its "Hinanan+ Airport+Intra-Municipal" medium-line distribution potential to maintain the "buy-in" option.
In the first half of the year, the company earned $35,858 million and, if the combined effects of the recovery of the White Cloud airport rent over the same period and the exchange loss of $600-70 million were excluded, the real business performance could increase even more in the second quarter of this year (estimated to be a comparable increase of 30-50 per cent).
In the first half of the year, the Hainan Free Market remained stable. According to the Hainan Province Department of Commerce, in the first half of 2023, the total sales of the Hainan Free Shop were $32.396 billion, an increase of 31 per cent over the same period.
A 24.4 per cent increase in the same year, and a 45.4 per cent increase in the same year in the number of free shopping cases, from which it was measured that the bill was about $7,000, a decline of about 15 per cent in the same year, with about $6291 in the second quarter, a decline of nearly 20 per cent in the same year, with the central element of “a gradual recovery in overall consumption + a remodelling of the price system of the fragrance brand”
At the same time, duty-free exits and exits are subject to supply-chain factors, such as international flight supply, and sign-off, with a gradual recovery. In the first half of the year, the company’s tax-exempt and direct mail revenues are expected to grow well in comparison with those for the airport’s tax-free climb period.
In the first half of the year, companies were tax-exempted and tax-bearing, amounting to 24.11 billion yuan each, an increase of about 48 per cent/5 per cent. In particular, China and China contributed to the increase in revenue.
Figure 6: Trends in the number of duty-free purchases and unit prices in Hainan, while income from Shanghai is expected to be $8,197 million/+50.3 per cent, driven mainly by growth in direct mail from Shanghai, the estimated tax-exempt income from Shanghai airport is still gradually recovering; its net return is expected to be $0.08 billion/-96.6 per cent, and is expected to be in Japan.
Direct mail profits are offset by losses during the climb-up period of the airport ' s resumption of duty-free operations (a gradual recovery in consumption requires a process of recovery, increased rents, and a relatively low pre-infection ratio of fragrant products). Similarly, the company ' s other billions of yuan are returned to the mother ' s net profit of $1,765 million, with a net interest rate of 7 per cent, up from 3 per cent in 2022.
Figure 8: Changes in rates during the company ' s quarterly period: The Māori rate ring has improved in the second quarter, the airport rent has been dragged down by sales rates, and the financial rate has been optimized. The company ' s Māori rate for the first half of the year was 30.6%/-3.4pt, mainly due to exchange rate fluctuations and the difference in the recognition base for brand support, but q2 m
The major increase in the sales rate was mainly due to the impact of the increase in airport rent during the first half of the year, mainly due to the recovery of financial costs from post-port equity financing interest income, currency exchange gains, etc., to a contribution of 357 million.
Figure 9: Quarterly Māori rates and net interest rates of parent companies since 2020 Figure 10: Cost changes during the semi-annual period in China
In the new situation, companies are strengthening their membership (the number of members has reached 28 million, further increasing from 26 million at the end of last year).
Communication with brands, channels, etc., with a view to taking multifaceted measures to address the challenges of recovery; second, continued consolidation of Tijuana, the second phase of the upgrade of the Bay of the Sea (the luxury of positioning, the first phase of the 2nd floor, etc.), the third phase of the project under way in cooperation with Taiguri, and the prospect of q4 and q1 gradually entering the Hainan season; and third, the accompanying outbound journeys.
The company’s current market value and its “Hainan + airport + airport + city” full-channel medium-line potential to maintain “buy-in.” The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author