行 全
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Shennan Circuits (002916 CH)
HOLD (Maintain)
Strong 3Q results; Cost pressure remains
Target Price
(Previous TP
RMB 101.92)
Up/Downside
+13.3%
Shennan reported 3Q21 results with revenue of RMB3.9bn (26% YoY) and net
Current Price
profit of RMB4.7mn (25% YoY). GPM was stable at 24.6% in 3Q (vs 24.5% in
2Q), while NPM improved QoQ to 12.0% (vs 10.1% in 2Q). We believe both
China Technology Sector
domestic and overseas communications service providers (CSP) capex
contributed to the strong revenue growth. We think 3Q may be the best quarter
Lily Yang, Ph.D.
of the year as 4Q demand could be difficult to keep up. With material price still at
their highs, we remain conservative for Shennan. Maintain HOLD and TP
adjusted to RMB110.75.
Alex Ng
Strong 3Q21 results driven by domestic/overseas 5G investments.
Shennan's 3Q revenue grew 26.3%/22.8% YoY/QoQ, largely driven by its
Lana Lin
PCB business (majority is from telecom market). China telcos resumed their
3rd batch 5G tender in 3Q. We estimate 5G BTS net-add will reach 692k in
2021 (200k 700MHz 5G BTS to be completed within 2021), compared to 588k
in 2020. Overseas CSP investment was another contributor. Gartner
Stock Data
estimated global 5G capex will increase 39% YoY this year. Looking forward,
Mkt. Cap. (RMB mn)
47,811
we expect China 5G capex plan to maintain a similar level but overseas 5G
Avg. 3mths t/o (RMB mn)
investment will increase 22% YoY in 2022E. We believe Shennan will be the
52W High/Low (RMB)
139.9/74.9
key beneficiary with revenue growth of 16.6%/15.3% YoY in 2022E/23E.
Total Issued Shares (mn)
Material cost pressure to continue. Although Shennan managed to sustain
Shareholding Structure
its overall GPM at 24.5%, we think the cost pressure will continue. Copper
AVIC International Holdings
67.05%
price has slipped slightly from recent new high but remains at US$9.5k/ton
Hong Kong Securities Clearing
2.60%
(as of 1/11/2021). With low domestic copper inventory, we believe material
China Asset Management Co
0.90%
cost will remain an overhang. However, Shennan has improved its
Source: Bloomberg
profitability with better operating efficiency, and NPM increased to 12.0% in
Share Performance
3Q from 8.9%/10.1% in 1Q/2Q.
Maintain HOLD with new TP of RMB110.75. We slightly raised our TP to
RMB110.75 based on same 30.0x FY22E P/E. We think 3Q could be the best
quarter and demand will slightly ease in 4Q. We maintain HOLD given
Source: Bloomberg
uncertainty in economy growth, elevated material cost and constraints in
12-mth Price Performance
supply chain. Potential upside risks include faster-than-expected decline of
material costs, higher-than-expected 5G infrastructure spending and
consumer demand.
Earnings Summary
Source: Bloomberg
Recent Reports:
Positive on capacity expansion plan;
Jun 2021 (Link)
2. Positive outlook for PCB/CCL sector
(Link)
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
3Q21 Results Review
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Figure 4: PCB players revenue growth
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Company update
In 1H21, Shennan's PCB business has declined 14% YoY, due to the delay of 5G BTS
deployment in China. As soon as 3rd batch 5G tender resumed, Shennan's 3Q revenue
grew 26.3%/22.8% YoY/QoQ. Meanwhile, demand from overseas was also strong. Gartner
estimated global 5G capex will increase 39% YoY this year. However, we think demand in
4Q is difficult to keep up with strong number delivered in 3Q considering the uncertainty in
economy growth, elevated material cost, constraints in supply chain.
Looking forward, we expect 5G Capex plan to maintain at a similar level in 2022E, given
the de-spec trend in 5G BTS. For example, lower frequency spectrum equipment
accounted for the majority of 5G BTS tender this year (2021: 700MHz/2.1GHz, vs. 2020:
2.6GHz/3.5GHz). PCB growth will be largely driven by oversea 5G investment, which is
expected to grow at 22% in 2022 according to Gartner. Substrate business will continue to
deliver strong results as its Wuxi factory has entered the mid-to-late stage of ramp-up
process.
Shennan's PCB capacity was about 200w sq m per year. The capacity of the Company's
PCB production was ~80-85% in 1H21. The recent power shortage has not affected the
Company's operation, but its PCB production line will not reach full capacity in 2H21. New
PCB capacity includes 1) Phase II plant in Nantong, Jiangsu (58w sq m, currently ramping
up in the mid-to-late stage) and 2) Phase III plant in Nantong, Jiangsu (expected to begin
production in 4Q22). Substrate capacity was 30w per year. New substrate capacity
includes 1) Wuxi, Jiangsu (60w, high-end substrate, currently ramping up in the mid-to-late
stage) and 2) Guangzhou, Guangdong (expected to begin production in 2023).
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Shennan announced to expand substrate capacity in Guangzhou production base, which
will add 200mn FC-BGA and 3mn panel RF/FC-CSP substrate capacity. We expect the
new project to contribute revenue in 2023/24E. Shennan's existing substrate capacity has
been in full production since last year, driven by strong semiconductor demand. We believe
strong substrate revenue will continue into 2H21E, driving 22.5% YoY growth in FY21E.
The structural change of product mix will help to improve profitability but will be partially
offset by the high material costs. Copper price has slipped slightly from the recent new high
but remains at US$9.5k/ton (as of 1/11/2021). With low domestic copper inventory, we
maintain a conservative view.
Source: Shengyi Electronics, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Figure 9: P&L forecasts
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Valuation
Maintain Hold with new TP at RMB110.75 (13% upside)
We slightly raised our TP to RMB110.75 based on the same 30.0x FY22E P/E. We think
3Q could be the best quarter and demand will slight ease in 4Q. We maintain HOLD rating
given uncertainty in economy growth, elevated material cost and constraints in supply chain.
Potential upside risks include faster-than-expected decline of material costs, higher-than-
expected 5G infrastructure spending and consumer demand. Potential downside risks
include continued price increase in upstream materials and slower-than-expected 5G
deployment.
Figure 10: Peers' valuation
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time)("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or
qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA
Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report
is intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing
to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.