Pharmacism 603259.sh. Medical services re-entering cro, and the unicorn wave of medicine has begun.
The company is China’s largest and world-class small-magnostic pharmaceutical research and development service, and its main business includes pre-cro and cmo/cdmo. With its industry leader and rich client resources, the company maintains a high rate of performance growth, Camp 2017.
38.54 per cent, with rapid performance growth, coupled with a gradual upward trend in corporate Māori, further boosting the high performance of the Division as a whole.Cmo/cdmo market growth is expected to continue at a high rate as the industry moves ahead:
As a result of a number of factors, such as the continued growth of demand in the pharmaceutical market and the presence of consistent evaluation criteria, the country ' s coro enterprises have emerged, and the coro service has gradually become an essential component of the new drug research and development industry.
For the cmo/cdmo industry, we have entered the cmo/cdmo field late, but with multiple advantages, our cmo/cdmo enterprise has become a battle for multinational pharmaceutical companies.
According to data from the South, the country ' s industry was the top of the list in April 2011-2015, and the whole chain of operations was complete: in the cro industry (cmo/cdmo), the company was the top of the list in the country, with revenue and net profits far higher than other listed companies in the same industry.
It is argued that in the future, the company’s size advantages will be further demonstrated, and the vanguard position will be difficult to shake. The company has a full range of business coverage areas, with an open, comprehensive and integrated platform of R & D services that can provide support for the development of a whole chain of services. At the same time, the company has a large number of clients, more than 3,000, with major clients covering the world’s top rankings.
The top 20 major pharmaceutical companies and new drug research and development institutions, according to the top 10 clients of the company in the past year, the owners of the company want their clients to be more or less stable, they're the largest multinational drug companies, and they don't have any major dependence on a single customer.
Founded in December 2000, the company is registered in Jiang Soo Xin, operating from Shanghai, and is a leading open, all-round, integrated pharmaceutical research and development service capability and technology platform with new drug research and development capabilities. At present, the company has become China’s largest and world-ranked small molecular pharmaceutical research and development service provider.
There are no shareholders in the company. Geri (Li Ge) and Ningzhao (Ju Ning), Liu Xiaojong, Zhang Xiaojun jointly controlled the issuer's total of 34.4812% of the voting rights and were the issuer's actual control.
rp is g&cii and 63 employees, of which g&cii was listed at the G&c 100 per cent holding stock in July 2007, the United States stock market was withdrawn in December 2015 and, starting in 2015, the company undertook a partial asset transfer, business divestiture and equity reorganization to meet the requirements of the operational strategy.
(1) Large-molecular biopharmaceutical business stripping  In April 2015, the company transferred 100 per cent of Pharmacy business management shares to wuxibiologicsinvestementsmitted (tinless bioinvestment), Pharmacy company management and its controlling subsidiaries Pharmacism, Shanghai Pharmacology Organism, Biologicshk (none)
In July 2015, the company’s combined report was released from the list of companies. *In July 2015, the company’s combined report on the investment in the non-tin-forming market and the Shanghai test was transferred 63%, 7% of the shares in the Jiangsu test, and the Suzhou test took off from the company.
From July to August 2015, Ming Kande gradually took over the operation, assets, and personnel of the health-care technology service as an independent entity and signed a cooperation agreement with an external client.
In January 2016, in order to further streamline the equity structure of the controlling companies, the company took a minority interest in the controlling companies.
In January-February 2016, the issuers controlled wuxicayman (No Sikhaman) and wxatbvi (Pharma Kandeh Wijing).
(v) Mergers of non-same-controlled enterprises.
(ii) Cro+cmo/cdmo, full chain of operations as of 31 December 2017
Traditional new drug research and development is divided into five main stages: drug discovery and pre-research, pre-clinical pharmaceutical trials, process synthesis, clinical trials, and commercial production. By industry chain, companies first provide clients with a range of preclinical stages, such as discovery of small molecular chemicals, research and development.
In addition to the above-mentioned pre-cro service and the cmo/cdmo main business section, the company’s coro operations also include clinical support, monitoring and data analysis services at all stages of the clinical trials of new medicines.
fda, cfda new drug government declaration process (cds operations), clinical coordination and on-site management services (smo services), etc.
Preclinical pharmacology, process synthesis, clinical trials.
Commercialized production, by type of business, the company’s main business can be divided into two main sectors, with four types of business units.
Laboratory services are mainly in the Chinese region, where small molecular chemicals are discovered, developed and developed, covering a range of related services such as synthetic chemistry, biology, pharmaceutical chemistry, analytical chemistry, drug metabolic dynamics and toxicological, biological analysis services and testing services.
Apptec operates laboratories in Philadelphia, São Paulo, and Atlanta, the United States, and concentrates on new drug distribution, research and development, medical equipment detection services, offshore precision medical research and development production services, which can be tailored to the needs of pharmaceutical companies, scientific institutions, and medical equipment enterprises, mainly for United States clients.
Inspection and data analysis services, clinical coordination and on-site management services.
Integrated services from commercial production. (iii) Rapid performance growth, with a steady increase in the Māori rate. In terms of corporate performance, corporate operating income in 2014 amounted to $4.14 billion and business income by 2017 had reached 77.65 per cent.
The rate of growth maintained at a relatively rapid rate during the year was mainly attributable to: (1) increased global research and development costs and cyclical pressures on new medicines, which helped to reduce R & D expenditure by hiring the Ministry of Foreign Affairs ' cro/cmo/cdmo enterprise; (2) growth in the local market and policy-oriented support for opportunities for the pharmaceutical R & D service industry; and (3) sustained technological development to drive the country ' s cro industry and cmo/cdmo
The company’s main battalion is also mainly divided into the two types of operations, namely, cro services and cmo/cdmo, whose share has remained stable at around 26% in recent years.Cro services by business module can be further divided into Chinese district laboratory services, US district laboratory services and others
In the United States, companies operate mainly through their fully-owned subsidiary, Apptec (Pharma Condé America), which operates laboratories in Philadelphia, São Paulo and Atlanta.
Presently and in the areas of R & D, medical instrument detection services, and production services for precision medical research and development abroad. US District Laboratories earned $608 million, $704 million, $935 million and $1,135 million respectively in 2014-2017, representing a 14.71 per cent, 14.43 per cent, and Mäori rates decreased slightly in 2015 from 2014, mainly as a result of the company ' s current confirmation of $189 million in non-recurring shares.
Cost, of which $72.948 million in equity incentives are accounted for. Subsequently, as the business of the company as a whole is further expanded, figure 7: Māori rates and net interest rates of the company for the calendar year (in %) figure 8: Māori rate of the company by industry (in %)
The significant increase in the cost rate during 2015 was due mainly to the recognition of larger amounts of non-recurring share expense in the current period, which was partially accounted for in the period.
ii. Cro and cmo/cdmo Industry: a necessary product of a social division of labour in the field of new drug research and development The gradual concentration of resources by large domestic and foreign pharmaceutical enterprises in order to reduce the research and development cycle, control costs and reduce the risk of research and development
Development of its own core R & D business, focusing on disease mechanics research and the discovery of new drug targets and the early stages of R & D, followed by the screening of pharmaceutical compounds and research and development, data collection analysis, clinical, commissioning or processing of pharmaceutical R & D links entrusted to pharmaceutical R & D service enterprises, rapidly organized and high in a short period of time with the resources of pharmaceutical R & D services
As a result, as a necessary product of a social division of labour in the field of new drug research and development, pharmaceutical research and development firms have grown rapidly, with their cost advantages and efficiency advantages, and become integral to the consolidation of the pharmaceutical research and development chain.
Depending on the stage of client services in the field of new drug research and development, pharmaceutical research and development services can generally be divided into contract research and development services (cro), contract production operations/contract production research and development operations (cmo/cdmo), corresponding to different links in the production chain in the field of new drug research and development, pre-clinical research, customized production and research and development services.
Figure 11: Main industrial chains related to the pharmaceutical research and development service industry (i) Cross-Cro industry in our country 1 and cri services: pre-cro services + clinical trials cro services
The Cro enterprise is primarily responsible for the implementation of all or part of the activities involved in drug development and provides support for specialized technical services, including new pharmaceutical products, pre-clinical research, research and development, development and management of clinical data, application for registration of new medicines, etc.
From the stage of service delivery, the cro service consists mainly of precro and cro clinical research services, including precro clinical research services, mainly on compounds and preclinical research services, specifically on the development of new medicines, synthesis and process development of primary compounds and active drug intermediates, safety evaluation research services, pharmacodynamics, pharmacotoxicology
(c) Clinical co-services, mainly for research at the clinical trial stage, covering clinical i-iv technical services, clinical data management and statistical analysis, registration of new medicines, etc.
In recent years, the research and development budget of pharmaceutical companies has been gradually increasing, with global spending on pharmaceutical research and development reaching $110.8 billion in 2015 and projected to reach $140 billion by 2020, while the approval of new medicines by fda has begun to accelerate, with 45 new medicines approved by fda in 2015, reaching a historic peak, a gradual increase in the approval of new medicines and an increase in research and development expenditure, which is claro.
At the same time, the complexity of new drug research and development and the monitoring burden have led to a rapid rise in research and development. With highly specialized research networks and new drug registration teams, cro companies can invest in new drug research and development.
The spread of entry and potential risks across the entire industry chain has helped to reduce the cost of research and development and the average 30 per cent time spent by pharmaceutical companies, further accelerating the approval and marketing of new medicines, which has become a more and more option for pharmaceutical companies.2 The global market space is huge and our industry is moving ahead with cross-cutting developments.
As global pharmaceutical companies face increased R & D input costs, longer R & D cycles, and lower R & D success rates, more than 50% of the world ' s pharmaceutical companies have started to choose professional & D services to help with their own R & D costs and to contain risks. According to the corporate offerbook data, the global tro industry was $21.3 billion in 2011 and reached in 2015
The global coro industry will continue to grow at a faster pace, with industry sales projected to reach $31.7 billion in 2016 and a compound annual growth rate of 7.35 per cent and $42.1 billion in 2020.
Figure 14: Global tro sector size projections for 2016-2020 (in billions of dollars, per cent) as a result of a number of factors, including the continued growth of demand in the domestic pharmaceutical market and the setting of conformity evaluation criteria, the emergence of the country’s tro enterprises and the evolution of its services into an essential component of the new drug research and development industry.
Notebook data shows that in 2011 we sold 14 billion yuan in the cro industry, which by 2015 had reached 37.9 billion yuan and 28.04% in 2011-2015, taking into account that the pharmaceutical industry will continue to increase its share of total R & D services in the future, figure 15: China ' s cro industry in 2011-2015 (in millions of yuan, %)
The Euro-American market was more mature in the 1990s, and the 21st century, with the global expansion of the coro giants and the rise of economic science and technology in the Asian region, saw a gradual shift of the coro industry to Asia.
According to Businessinsights, by the end of 2015, there were more than 1,100 companies worldwide, with 50 per cent of the world ' s new drug research and development tasks, representing companies such as quintilesias (Quintay), covance (Covance), charles River (Charles River Laboratory), parexel (Fine), Pharmacy Conde, icon (Ecorn), ppd (Pharmacology Products Development)
The domestic market is dominated by large multinational companies and indigenous ones. Large multinational companies or their branches in the country have strong R & D and financial capabilities, and service coverage includes pre-clinical and clinical trial studies.
Services such as Quintilesias (Quintay), covance (Covance), paraexel (precision), Pharmacology Condé, etc.: Homegrown Cro Enterprises, represented by the range of services mainly covering the wisdom and chemistry of pre-cro enterprises, the conversion of conrons, the inoculation of new medicines, etc., as well as the range of services mainly covering the clinical cro enterprises, the tag medicine, the Bozi medicine, etc.
In terms of the global market share of the cro sector, Quintilesias (Quintiles) has been the leader of the cro industry, accounting for about 10% of the market share. The company is ranked eleventh, with 2.02% of the market in 2016, showing an upward trend from year to year (ii) high growth in the domestic cmo/cdmo market is expected to continue.
cmo, also known as commissioning of pharmaceuticals, whose basic business model is that of a pharmaceutical company, which supports the process development and formulation development involved in the production of medicines, mainly with regard to clinical medicines, intermediate manufacture, production of raw materials, manufacture of preparations (e.g., powders, needles) and packaging, and obtaining commission service income as contracted.
Compared to cmo enterprises, cdmo firms can provide process development and optimization, formulation development and trial production services required by pharmaceutical companies for the production of innovative medicines, as well as further customized production services ranging from kg to tons based on the above-mentioned services.cdmo firms combine their own high-technology value-added process development capabilities with a depth of production capacity of scale and can be clinically enabled.
The development, procurement, production, etc. of the entire supply chain system of experimental and commercial production modes, replacing simple output with higher value-added technology exports, and promoting a full upgrading of the cmo sector to the cdmo sector.1 The international market is open for hundreds of billions of years, and the rapid growth of the domestic market is expected to continue.
In order to speed up the marketing of medicines, many multinational pharmaceutical companies have made strategic adjustments, increasing their share of R & D expenditure, concentrating domestic resources on competitive industrial chains such as prior R & D, and outsourcing later production, among others. According to the company’s offer statement, the global market for cmo/cdmo was $31.9 billion in 2011 and increased to $50.1 billion in 2015
Pharmacy companies will continue to seek external order services from professional cmo/cdmo for some time to come, and the global cmo/cdmo industry is expected to grow even more rapidly. According to the company’s offerbook, the global cmo/cdmo market is expected to reach $56.3 billion in 2016 and to maintain an annual compound growth rate of 12.66%, and is expected to reach $90.7 billion by 2020.
Figure 17: Global cmo/cdmo industry size, 2011-2015 (in billions of dollars, per cent) Figure 18: Global cmo/cdmo industry size projection 2016-2020 (in billions of dollars we entered cmo/cdmo late, but with multiple advantages our cmo/cdmo enterprise has become cross-border
According to the Southern Institute, the country ' s cmo/cdmo sector market was 12.9 billion yuan in 2011 and had reached 22.6 billion yuan by 2015, compared with 15.05% in Cagr in April 2011-2015. Over the next five years, our cmo/cdmo industry will continue to benefit from global growth in the cmo/cdmo sector and from regional growth.
2. Europe and the United States have a long history of development, China and India have a high market value in the cmo/cdmo sector, with cmo/cdmo clients mainly from developed regions such as Europe and the United States and Japan. Cmo/cdmo enterprises worldwide are currently concentrated in Europe and America and Asia, with Asian markets.
Cmo/cdmo are concentrated in China and India. Cmo/cdmo in Europe and America have a long history, with production processes, advanced infrastructure and management capabilities at the top of the world, while cmo/cdmo in China and India, given their relatively short development time, can directly use state-of-the-art production processes and have competitive advantages in terms of flexibility and efficiency in R & D innovation.
(i) An industry-wide chain layout with open, comprehensive and integrated R & D services The company has a full range of areas of business coverage, including pre-clinical targeting certification, drug discovery, chemical experiments, biorealization
Testing, drug safety evaluation, clinical i-iv clinical, central laboratory and clinical drug production, safety monitoring and commercialization of production. The company’s industry-wide chain layout is rare. The company has 26 research and development bases worldwide, including Shanghai, Suzhou, Tianjin, Wuhan, Changzhou and Philadelphia, São Paulo, Atlanta, Santiago, Munich, Germany, etc.
On the one hand, based on this service platform, the Division could provide international leading, highly customized research and development services for large international pharmaceutical companies at various stages of new drug development, testing and production services, effectively reducing the cost and threshold of new drug development, shortening the research and development cycle and improving the capacity of research and development; on the other hand, corporate integrity.
Capacity platforms can also provide a full range of services to start-up pharmaceutical research and development companies and even to individual scientists, ranging from scientific inventions to product development. Figure 21: Firms use full-chain business layouts that are absolutely unshakeable.
In the cro industry (cmo/cdmo industry), where the company now has an operating income of 6,116 million yuan and a net profit of 975 million yuan, far more than other listed companies in the same industry in 2016, we believe that in the future, the public sector’s advantages in size will be further demonstrated, and that the leader’s position will remain unshakeable.
(iii) The large number of R & D personnel and the clear advantages of R & D Senior expatriates with a PhD degree or 10 years or more of experience in research and development of new medicines overseas, companies with good talent, companies consistently attach importance to maintaining technological excellence, and as R & D inputs continue to increase and R & D experience is accumulated, companies have become involved in research and development.
To date, companies have been implementing dozens of autonomous research and development projects focusing on research and technological upgrading of new pharmaceutical production processes, preparation pathways and process research for key intermediates, and technological research and development to increase the production rate of raw materials.
In 2017, the company spent $306 million on R & D, representing 3.94 per cent of revenues, showing an upward trend over the years, showing the company ' s increasing interest in R & D. (iv) The company has a large number of clients, directly targeting transnational drug companies.
The company has more than 3,000 clients, with major clients covering the top 20 pharmaceutical companies and new drug research and development machines worldwide, and is leading the industry in drug discovery, pre-clinical research, drug process development and production. As of December 31, 2017, the issuer was working on more than 1,000 new drug development projects, and supported or carried them, including Pfizer and Rei.
There are more than 200 clinical i-ii, more than 30 clinical ii, and small fractions of chemical production in commercialization in several well-known drug companies around the world. From the top 10 clients of the company’s calendar year, the company’s main clients are basically stable, and they are the largest multinational drug companies, and the company does not have any right.
The proposed release of no more than 104 million shares, after deducting distribution costs, will be used for the following projects. (1) The country’s coro industry is growing rapidly, and the company, as the leader of the coro industry, has a wealth of global customer resources.
In the coming year, the company’s cro and cmo/cdmo operations are expected to grow at a faster rate than the industry average; (2) the firm’s strong outreach to pharmaceutical clients, and the scale effect is gradually emerging, and the company’s Māori ratio is expected to rise further. Meanwhile, the share of Cmo/crmo high value added products is gradually increasing, further raising Māori rates.
Unexpected business expansion, cost risks, long-cycle contract implementation risks, offshore operating risks, exchange rate risks and increased competition.