CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Bank of Communications (601328 CH)
HOLD (Maintain)
Earnings laggard on asset quality deterioration
Target Price
(Previous TP
RMB 6.10)
Up/Downside
+13.2%
BoCom's net profit declined 30.6%/14.6% YoY in 2Q/1H20, despite a solid
Current Price
revenue growth of 6.6%/5.2% YoY. Notable earnings contraction was mainly due
to mounting provisions (+99.2% YoY in 2Q20) against deteriorating asset quality.
China Banking Sector
The Bank is following policy guidance to pile up risk reserves, and conceded total
RMB14bn profit to the real economy during anti-COVID-19 campaign in 1H20.
Terry Sun, CFA
Although NPL formation may ease in 2H20, credit cost is likely to stay elevated
given lower-than-peers provision coverage, further weighing on earnings growth.
■ Results positives: 1) Loan/deposit growth was healthy at 2.9%/3.1% in
Stock Data
2Q20. Majority of new loans went to corporate side (+9.9%) in 1H20, but
management said retail loan extension started to accelerate in 2Q20 and
should account for more than 40% of full-year loan growth. 3) Non-interest
income was up 8.8% YoY, driven by management service fees and
investment gains. 3) Wealth management business capacity enhanced,
Source: Bloomberg
with retail AUM +8.2% HoH, no. of OTO fortune customers +8.5% HoH, and
private banking clients +13.3% HoH.
Shareholding Structure
Results negatives: 1) NIM narrowed 3bp QoQ/5bp YoY to 1.52%/1.53% in
2Q/1H20. Due to LPR cuts, asset yields shrank faster than liability cost in
Source: Company data
1H20. In particular, loan yield dropped 17bp HoH, but deposit cost only slid
1bp HoH. Management expected further margin pressure in 2H20, but will try
Share Performance
to stabilize NIM by replacing higher-cost structured deposits/MLF with
cheaper interbank funding. 2) Asset quality worsened. NPL ratio edged up
9bp QoQ to 1.68%, and provision coverage declined 5.5ppt QoQ to 148.7%.
This was partly due to more prudent NPL recognition, as SML ratio retreated
38bp HoH. The good news is that credit card NPLs peaked out in Jun and will
Source: Bloomberg
likely recovered to pre-pandemic level in 3Q20. Loans under deferred
repayment scheme amounted to RMB176bn, 3.1% of total loans as of 2Q20.
12-mth Price Performance
3) 2Q20 cost-income ratio rose 0.4ppt YoY to 36.2%, higher than large
bank peers. 4) Capital position weakened, as CET1 ratio dropped 20bp QoQ
to 10.63% on sluggish earnings and cash dividend payout.
Maintain HOLD and trim TP to RMB5.40. We cut our FY20/21E earnings
estimates by 14-16%, to factor in lower NIM/fee income and higher credit cost
assumptions. Our revised RMB5.40 TP is based on 0.55x (from 0.62x) target
P/B and FY20E BVPS of RMB9.9.
Source: Bloomberg
Earnings Summary
Auditor: PwC
Related Reports
Muted earnings growth on COVID-
Asset quality pressure looms with
Stable earnings growth setting pace
Faster-than-peers NIM expansion -
Key beneficiary on policy support for
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US, institutional investor that receives a copy of this research
report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.