The first coverage: large cylinders, accelerators and new growth in storage energy
This is the first time that the idea focuses on inventivefocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) overlaying the big city's initiatewitoutperform
The performance report was largely in line with expectations, and equity incentives highlighted corporate confidence. On March 14 billion latitudes, better than the city ' s outperform lithium, published the performance report, generating a business income of $36.305 billion in 2022, a year-on-year increase.
Capable and consumer battery operations are well developed, with the arrival of new plants and new production lines into the htiesg segment of the production scale increasing rapidly, leading to a significant increase in the volume of shipments.
The company's product bbb+ is a product that has been refined for many years in the lithium electricity industry and has a comprehensive product structure.
It covers consumption, power, storage, etc.. Lithium primary and consumer batteries can be used in smart meters, measuring and intelligent control circuits, logistics identification tracking systems, electromagnetizers, rmb123.13bn/us$17.86bn
A variety of scenarios, such as ready, bluetooth equipment, real-wire blue-tooth headphones; power cells, including squares, soft bags, cylindricals, all of which have products related to three-dollar lithium and phosphate lithium batteries; and significant technical advantages of storage large-scale lithium batteries, which can be used for large storage, household storage, industrial use
The company insists on the double path of triton and phosphate, the power cell output is growing steadily, and there are many advantages to the large cylinders of 46,800. The company uses three lithium and phosphate lithium batteries.
Double routing, pre-positioning of 46,800 cylinder batteries, 16 per cent increase in mileage, reduction in the volume of outsourced steel shell material, lower production costs, lower number of batteries required for large cylindrical batteries, lower requirements for bms; and battery-based products
The advantages of diversification and differentiation, tied to the depths of customers such as Pelican, Hiro and Gilly, can reach 19.5 gwhh in 22 years, of which 10 gwh, phosphorus and lithium 9.5 gwh, are expected to grow to 32 gwhh in 23 years.
Three dollars, 18 gwh, phosphate lithium 14 gwh. Storage as a certain high-growth track, the company continued to expand its production capacity, and a huge increase in the flow of large lithium cores. In 2022, the billion-latitude lithium energy reserves were able to produce 10 gwh, a year-on-year increase.
900%, the market share has grown rapidly to 7.8%, the third largest in the world. The company’s big lithium batteries lf280k and lf560k are in short supply.
Dewey, China Mobile, Powineergy, etc. are bound. The company can deliver up to 10 gwh in 22 years, and we expect to deliver up to 39 gwh in 23 years, of which the bulk is about 28 gwh, and the household is about 9 gwh.
Further opening up the “power-plus-power” growth space, we give companies 30 times as much risk as in 2023: less than expected in terms of productive capacity, deteriorating competitive patterns in the industry, less than expected in terms of new energy sales, higher prices of raw materials.
Yang Binbinyang