Ningbo Bank (002142): The first quarter of 2021 reported a marked higher than expected increase in revenue and a sharp rise in net interest differentials Events: Ningbo Bank operating revenue of $13.226 billion in the first quarter of 2021, an increase of 21.80 per cent over the same period
The net profit of shareholders belonging to the parent company was $4,735 million, an increase of 18.32 per cent over the previous year, corresponding to an income increase of $0.79 per research assistant, Tau Chul-Ass, which significantly outpaced the market and our expectations during the first quarter, and the net profit increase was better than expected.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Ningpo Bank’s core bright spot for the first quarter was a jump in net interest differentials, which led to a high 32.1% increase in interest income, which resulted from the rising share of retail loans and the continuing decline in the cost of indebtedness. This year, the results of the Great Retail Strategy continued to be appreciated, and retail credit and wealth management revenues continued to grow.
With high growth, the quality of the assets kept on the market was the best. We moved up to the net assets end of the company in 2021 and 2022, with Ningpo Bank ' s total assets growing by 5.9 per cent at the beginning of the quarter, mainly in terms of loans and financial investments, with total loans increasing by 7.1 per cent at the beginning of the quarter, up to 42.8 per cent of the total assets.
In addition, financial investment grew by 7.1 per cent at the beginning of the period, while corporate assets declined by 18.2 per cent. Overall, Ning Bo Bank continued to expand at a high rate during the quarter, resulting in a decline in capital adequacy at the core level to 9.39 per cent, not least after a new round of equity refinancing will be launched by companies in the near future to sustain the high growth expansion rate.
In the lending structure, public and retail loans grew by 8.8% and 9.4%, respectively, compared to the beginning of the period, with a greater focus on public lending than in the previous quarter, but this year retail sales grew faster than public loans, reflecting a continued deepening of the retail strategy. Retail lending has continued its rapid expansion since late 2020, albeit not yet.
But we expect high growth in both mortgage loans and private loans. At the end of the quarter, retail loans rose to 38.9 per cent of loans since 2015, with a net interest gap of 2.55 per cent in the first quarter of the new caliber, and a sharp jump of 25bp over 2020.
A strong rebound in net interest differentials boosted the growth of a Lidu net interest income with a high calibre of 32.1%, which is also the core of the high growth in total income. Of this, interest income grew by 17%, and we report an annual review of the one-year net interest rate.
On the one hand, the increase in interest rates on loans and, on the other hand, the continuing dynamic retailing since the second half of last year, how does the deficit expand in reverse?” 2021-04-11 Structural changes boost a quarter of asset-end rate of return following the rapid expansion of retail loans.
Change in fabric is also conducive to a rise in dry yields. Newly high, retail banks’ growth poles.
Three-quarterly reviews: Retailing is strong and has deepened in the context of the Great Retail Strategy, with companies increasing their personal deposits by 13.57 per cent at the end of the first quarter of the year compared to the beginning of the period and 11.71 per cent for public deposits.
▪ Middle collection: The rise in fees and commission expenditures has slowed up in the short term, but wealth management has continued to grow at a high rate. Of these, Ningpo Bank has seen an overall increase of 7.1 per cent in non-interest income during the first quarter, net revenue from fees and commissions has increased by only 2.4 per cent over the year, but fees and commissions have increased at a similar rate of 16.2 per cent, especially a significant increase of 65.0 per cent over the same period.
Significant growth in income is expected, for example, for sales funds, finance, and insurance. However, a significant increase in fees and commissions in the first quarter of the year, an increase of 10.1 per cent in income over the same period, is influenced by a change in the fair value of derivatives, and a significant gain/loss on fair value changes in the first quarter.
Ningpo Bank has 34.29% cost revenue in the first quarter, higher than the previous one, and we expect to increase the investment of resources as a result of the company’s enhanced retailing strategy. More critically, the credit impairment in the first quarter was $3.48 billion, an increase of 19.5% compared to the previous quarter (16.2% for the whole year 2020), unlike most of our counterparts, Ningbo Bank has reversed the trend in the first quarter of this year.
As a result, the net return profit grew slightly less rapidly than the income and the ppp, with a quarterly increase of 18.32%. Ningbo Bank ' s negative rate of 0.79% at the end of the first quarter, which was the same as at the end of 2020, increased the provision coverage rate by 2.98 pct to the end of the previous year.
508.57% of the assets are still in the leading industry. In terms of the kernel of asset quality, we measure the "bad level of write-off plus". So, of the $3.480 billion credit impairment in a quarter, only $2.136 billion is spent on the impairment of the loans in the table, and the rest is the Le Wu Securities.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board