Ningpo Bank has performed well, strong and strong, and Ningpo Bank has performed well in the first quarter, and the pick-up is expected to lead the market banks.
Genetics, flexible mechanisms, stable management, their own growth and excellence are at the bottom of market ratings: stronger than market recognition is an important factor in the market’s valuation of the premium for Ningpo Bank. With the company’s “big retail strategy”
The first quarter of Ningpo Bank increased by 21.8% on a year-on-year basis, and is expected to run to the market. The pick-up rate is a percentage point. Of this, the net interest income of the company for the first quarter increased by 32.1% on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of interest differentials.
While largely affected by the weakening of market moods and the slowdown in revenue from agency operations in the first quarter, the company’s revenue from revenue management-related fees and fees continued to rise by 65 per cent.
Ningbo Bank shows a bright 1-quarter interest margin (2.55%) and the ring ratio improves by 33bp. We believe that the 1-quarter spread benefits: (1) the end of the liability, based on our end-of-year calculations, the increase in the 4-quarter interest rate and the optimization of the structure. 1-quarter loans increased by 7.09% compared to the beginning of the year, faster than total assets (rather).
Ningpo Bank had a negative rate of 0.79 per cent at the end of the first quarter, maintaining a low level of listed banks; provision coverage (508 per cent) increased by about 3 percentage points over the ring, which remains the leading position of listed companies; loan allocation was equal to 4.01 per cent; and asset quality performance for companies benefited, on the one hand, from regional economic advantages and high-quality resources.
The credit environment and, on the other hand, the market-based governance of companies, as well as strict wind control mechanisms.
The downside of the economy has led to a deterioration in the quality of assets and regulatory and regulatory expectations.
Ningpo Bank publishes the First Quarterly Report 2021 and the first quarter of 2021 returns net profit equal to +18.32 per cent (2020+9.73). Operating income equal to +21.80 per cent (2020+17.19 per cent), net interest differentials of 2.55 per cent (2.30 per cent, vs 2020), net interest earnings equal to +32.10 per cent, fees and fees
Ningpo Bank registered a 21.8 per cent increase in the year-on-year rate of the first quarter, which is expected to lead to a higher rate of growth in the number of banks on the market than it did in 2020 (+17.2 per cent), and we believe that the growth in the number of corporate collections is also better than the industry average. The increase in the net profit generated by the first quarter was 18.3 per cent by the same year, an increase of 8.6 percentage points from 2020 (+9.73 per cent, yoy). The net interest income for the first quarter was 32.1 per cent by the same amount.
An increase of 6.8 percentage points over 2020 (+25.3%, yoy), largely due to the widening of interest differentials; net revenue from fees increased by 2.40% over the year, but the company’s wealth-management-related fees increased by 65%.
Ningbo Bank showed a bright performance in the first quarter of the year, rising significantly from 2020 (2.30%) and a 33bp improvement in the ring. We believe that the one-quarter spread is influenced by both assets and liabilities: (1) the end of the liability, based on our end-of-year calculations, the end-of-the-life cost of the four-quarter liability ratio is 9bp to 2.08% below the line. Structuredly, the one-quarter deposit was 12.1% higher than the beginning of the year, driving the end-of-season deposit to rise at the beginning of the comparison.
Optimization of asset allocation and improvement in the rate of return on newly released assets. 7.09 per cent higher than total assets in the first quarter compared to the beginning of the year (5.90 per cent higher than at the beginning of the year); at the same time, personal loans increased by 9.37 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, leading to an increase in the ratio of high-return loans in the credit structure. Companies have consistently excellent asset quality, with better indicators.
Ningpo Bank has a negative rate of 0.79% at the end of the first quarter, which is equal to the fourth quarter, maintaining a low level of listed banks. Against a background of good income from the main business and continued high quality of the assets of the Department, the provision coverage at the end of the first quarter (508%) has increased by about 3 percentage points, and remains a sound asset quality performance for listed companies, benefiting on the one hand from regional economic advantages and high-quality resources, a better credit environment and, on the other hand, from the public domain.
The Ningpo Bank performed well in the first quarter, and the pick-up rate is expected to lead the banks on the market, and growth is sustained. We believe that the company’s market-based genetics, flexible mechanisms, stable management, its own growth and excellence are well recognized by the market, and that the market estimates Ningpo Bank.
As the company's “big retail strategy” continues, basic retailing and wealth management operations are expected to become more robust, and the downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. Banks are highly relevant as a pro-cyclical industry, corporate business development, and economic development. An ambitious view of economic development affects the performance of the real economy and profitability, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector.
Under the 2020 epidemic, supervision guided banks to make a profit for the real economy, and it is expected that the 2021 economic development policy will continue, but if interest rate regulation or the supermarket for profit policy is expected, it will affect the bank’s profitability performance.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)