Ningpo Bank, when retail transitions are up, the prison base is running smoothly.
A robust and excellent basis for performance. We believe that the fundamentals of corporate market genetics, flexible mechanisms, stable management, its own growth and excellence are well recognized in the market, and that it is the market that gives Ningpo Bank a solid basis for business when it upgrades its retail transformation.
Ningpo Bank achieved a year-on-year increase of nearly 26 per cent in profits in the first quarter of the fourth quarter, leading to a 4.5 per cent to 9.73 per cent increase in net profits over the previous three quarters, with performance rates expected to remain at the forefront of the industry.
In terms of revenue performance in the main business, the year-on-year rate of revenue growth was 17.19%, and we believe that keeping revenue up quickly benefits from the rapid expansion of the company’s size, the widening of the margins, and the excellent non-interest income performance. Since 2018, the company has used wealth management as an important battle for retail transformation.
In a slight direction, benefiting from this, agent revenue increased by 34.35 per cent in 2020, leading to a year-round expansion in size, a year-round expansion in end-of-debt cost ratio, a high expansion in Ningpo Bank assets, and an increase of 23.45 per cent in assets at the end of the four seasons compared to the beginning of the year.
Middle loans have risen at a new rate of 30.1% year-on-year, far above the industry average. From one season, assets are of sound and excellent quality, and the level of provision coverage is maintained at a high level. Ningpo Bank had a negative rate of 0.79% at the end of 2020, and the ring was flat from the third quarter, maintaining a low level of listed banks.
At the end of the quarter, the company's provision coverage (505%) remained at the top of the list, with a loan ratio of 4.01%. We believe that the firm's sound asset quality performance benefits from regional economic advantages and superior resources, a better credit ring, and a market-based approach to corporate governance, as well as strict wind control.
Bank Ningbo: q4 performance is increasing and growth is continuing.
As a result of the downside of the economy, the quality of assets deteriorated beyond expectations and regulatory controls exceeded expectations.
Ningpo Bank published its 2020 report, with a parent ' s net profit equal to +9.73 per cent in 2020 (the previous three quarters + 5.22 per cent). Business income equal to +17.19 per cent, net profit surged and wealth management strategy facilitated fee revenues increased. Ningpo Bank achieved a similar 26 per cent increase in profits in the first quarter of the fourth quarter, leading to a 4.5-hundredth increase in net profits in the first three quarters of the year compared to the previous quarter.
Between points and 9.73%, the performance rate kept the industry at the forefront. In terms of revenue performance in the main business sector, the year-on-year rate of growth was 17.19%, while the rapid growth in public revenue continued to benefit from the rapid expansion of the company’s size, the spread of the same income gap, and excellent non-interest income performance. In 2018, the company used wealth management as an important strategic direction for retail transformation development, benefiting from the same increase in agent income in 2020.
34.35%, leading to a 24.11% increase in net annual fees (after adjusting credit card instalments). In the area of wealth management, the Department has achieved a rapid increase in the size of its wealth management clients through the use of multiple channels to obtain customers, enrich product systems, stratification and specialization. The number of clients in corporate wealth business platinum and above reached 388,000 by the end of 2020, an increase of 43,000 by 12.4% over the end of 2019.
The main reasons for the company's slow annual net profit growth over revenue are: (i) the company's continued growth in its workforce in order to strengthen its retailing strategy, its continued rapid expansion in size, and the sustainability of its supplementary capital support operations.
High, the year-on-year increase was 30.1%, far above the industry average. From the single-quarter credit delivery pace, the four-quarter credit ring increased by 4.99% over the three-quarter period, and remained fast-growing, we believe to benefit from better credit demand in the second half of the year and from the company’s own access to high-quality credit resources and project reserves.
Business development is still at a fast-growing stage, requiring capital replenishment to support the expansion of scale, with companies having completed a fixed debt-end cost of $8 billion by 2020, with a further increase in the share of current deposits, which is the result of: (1) a steady increase in the pool of high-quality deposit clients and a steady increase in deposits by public and private clients.
First, public and private lines drive the 211 project and the 123 client coverage plan, with average average corporate deposits increasing by 23.68 per cent per day in 2020. In 2021, we believe that the capacity of banks to negotiate their assets is likely to improve in the face of strong credit demand and the marginal collection of bank funds. Debt-end companies maintain relative stability in their cost rates through combined public-private savings and increased settlement deposits, with projected interest rates in 2021.
The Ningpo Bank had a negative rate of 0.79% at the end of 2020, which was equal to the three-quarters, and maintained its low position as a listed bank. Despite a decline of about 11 percentage points in the last four-quarter coverage (505%) over the third-quarter, it was still the leading position for the listed company; and a loan allocation of 7bp at the end of the three-quarters.
At the end of our period, the company generated 0.68 per cent of its non-performing loans in 2020; and at 0.87 per cent of its annual non-performing loans in four quarters. We believe that firm asset quality performance benefits from regional economic advantages and high-quality resources, a better credit climate, and, on the other hand, from market-based corporate governance and strict wind control mechanisms, and that Ningpo Bank's valuation is ahead of listing.
The 2020 report of Ningpo Bank highlights the growth of business development, with four quarters of single-season net profits increasing by nearly 26% on a year-on-year basis, and the firm’s leading industry’s provision coverage provides a sound and excellent basis for performance. We believe that market recognition of corporate market genetics, flexible mechanisms, stable management, and the fundamentals of its own growth and excellence is an important factor in the market’s valuation of the premium for Ningpo Bank.
The “big retailing strategy” continues, basic retailing and wealth management operations are expected to become more robust, and we maintain the company’s downside of the 2021/2022 economy, leading to an over-expected deterioration in asset quality. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Under the 2020 epidemic, supervision guided banks to make a profit for the real economy, and it is expected that the 2021 economic development policy will continue, but if interest rate regulation or the supermarket for profit policy is expected, it will affect the bank’s profitability performance.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)