Ningbo Bank (002142): The year 2020, a single reporter! How did the net spread reverse?
Events: 41,111 million yuan in operating income of Bank Ningbo for the whole year 2020, an increase of 17.19 per cent over the same year; 15.50 billion yuan in net profits of shareholders in parent companies, an increase of 9.73 per cent over the same year, corresponding to 2.43 yuan per unit per research assistant
The performance report has disclosed the core business indicators, and the profit growth rate is in line with our expectations.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: Ningpo Bank ' s core light for 2020 is 3 bp on a net interest margin, based mainly on high growth in retail lending and excellence in asset liability management.
Strength. A high-speed asset build-up, with 9.73% profit growth, is expected to be the top of the list of banks. Retailing is a big deal, retail credit, wealth management, private banking, and so on, and the future is focused on the prospects for retail development. We expect companies to return to their homes in 2021 and 2022.
As a core retail bank, it continues to focus on maintaining the “buy-in” rating.  Assets & liabilities: loan growth has increased by nearly 10 years, retail lending has surged by 45.6%, scale expansion remains at the end of business1 and Ningpo Bank's total assets grew by 23.5% in 2020, mainly by 30.0% la
In the fourth quarter, total assets continued to grow by 5.5 per cent, mainly as a result of a large retail lending strategy driven by a high retail personal loan structure.2 The first half of the year was marked by a surge in private loans.
High growth, 21.3 per cent year-round growth; strong recovery in private lending in the second half of the year, further breaking up retail loans in the third and fourth quarters, respectively, and small and home loans, “back-to-back” consumer loans, became new points of growth. Of these, i) self-employment loans grew by 71.3 per cent, representing an increase of 2.1 per cent to 8.7 per cent of total loans; ii) mortgages
Millions of yuan, or 3.4% of total loans; iii) consumer loans, as the main source of traditional retail credit, continue to be promoted, especially in view of the current limits on mortgages in leading commercial banks, which benefit from a large and large amount of credit.
Retail financial needs, such as potential personal loans, main account deposits, wealth management, etc. Deposits remain ballast, growing by 18.2% a year; personal deposits are growing more resiliently, with a strong four-quarter growth, retail banks are growing at a peak each year.
The asset-end super-high-speed expansion, with Bank Ningpo absorbing the central bank mlf in four quarters, pushed the borrowing balance from the central bank to $83,623 million, significantly increased the single quarter by $44,973 million, representing an increase in the proportion of total debt.
A defined, low-priced variety of liabilities, flexible debt restructuring, helps to control cost rates.  Net interest differentials: retail lending surges + asset liability management are excellent, with net interest deficits increasing by 3 bp on the same year.
Ningpo Bank adjusted the financial calibre of the net interest difference to regulatory requirements and retroactively adjusted it, with the net interest difference between the new calibre and 2019 being increased retroactively by 43bp and 2.27%, much more because of the adjustment of the fiscal calibre of both public and retail credit. (i) In public credit, rents were included in interest-bearing assets, with retroactive increases in public loans.
The average balance was approximately 57.4 billion yuan, resulting in an increase in interest income of about 2.9 billion yuan, with an estimated return of about 5.05 per cent;) in retail credit, credit card instalments were included in interest-bearing assets, with a retroactive increase in the average balance of individual loans of about $34.5 billion, an increase in interest income of about $3.0 billion and an estimated return of about 8.7 per cent, significantly increasing the average rate of return on individual loans. The above adjustments had no impact on actual operations.
Credit card instalments are recategorized from fees to interest income, corresponding to a reduction in net fees and their share.By a comparable new caliber, the net interest margin deficit rose by 3bp to 2.30% in 2020, driving net interest income to a high of 25.3% with calibre.
Banks are unique and have benefited from significant growth in retail lending and excellent asset liability management:1 proactive, flexible adjustment of asset structure: the ratio of higher-return loan-type assets to the average balance of interest-bearing assets increased by 3.0 to 51.2 per cent, while within loans, the ratio of higher-return individual loans increased by 3.5 to 33.8 per cent.
Under this measure, the overall rate of return on interest-bearing assets was between 20bp and 4.68 per cent below the same rate, a decrease that was significantly lower than that of comparable retail banks such as Merchant Banks and Ping-Son Banks.2 Further optimization of asset liability management was achieved: in the context of lower interest rates in financial markets in 2020, the cost of interest-bearing liabilities at Ningpo Bank was lower than the cost of interest-bearing liabilities
Line 13bp. While the decline is less than the interest-bearing asset rate of return, the average balance of interest-bearing assets has increased at a faster rate than the interest-bearing liability, i.e., more interest-bearing assets per unit of interest-bearing liabilities, and has helped to raise the net difference.
Ningpo Bank ' s net revenue from fees and commissions increased by 24.1 per cent in 2020, similar to retail banks, such as the Merchant Bank, and is mainly due to the high returns from wealth management operations, as evidenced by a high increase of 34.4 per cent in agency income, such as finance, surrogate funds, surrogate insurance, etc. In addition, other non-interest income decreased by 10.7 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of fair value changes in derivative instruments.
We still see the growth space for retail credit and wealth management at Ningpo Bank, driven by a retail retail strategy. As already mentioned, mortgages as the entry point will effectively generate a rich demand for personal financial services and drive the growth of retail credit and wealth management.
By the end of 2020, Ningpo Bank’s personal client aum billion, increasing the number of clients by 41% to 7617 households. ▪ Expenditure: high employee costs stem from the acceleration of the Great Retail Strategy, with credit impairment falling four quarters on schedule.
The Ningpo Bank ' s annual cost-earnings ratio was 37.96% in 2020, up from 3.64pt in the previous year, which is significantly higher than in the industry and accelerated in the fourth quarter. The high growth in employee costs was mainly due to enhanced retail strategy implementation, continued investment, and the most market-oriented incentives in the public sector.
Impairment losses (only $253 million in 2019), resulting in a complete improvement in the quality of assets, both internal and external. We have repeatedly stressed that Ningpo Bank’s excellent governance mechanisms, decentralized credit delivery strategies, and an independent approval system are long-term.
In terms of asset quality indicators, the negative rate has remained at a low of 0.79%, the negative balance has increased to $5,456 million, although it has not achieved a “double drop”, but considering the high rate of lending, we think it is reasonable to add a negative amount.
In addition, asset quality indicators are more robust, with default rates and interest rates falling by 6bp, 24bp, respectively, in 2020, and Ming’s company has been exposed to a high degree of vulnerability. In 2021, in the context of the economic recovery, we judged that Ningpo Bank’s quality of public and retail assets would remain at its current level of excellence.
East Wu Xinjun, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory committee