— Eastern Electric (600875.sh) 19q3 quarterly newspaper dots issued by the company, with $22,989 million in $2019q1-q3, an increase of 3.5 per cent, on 31 October 2019
Cao Xuant's profitability has risen, and the extra-code wind and wind business has expanded the market. 2019q1-q3 has generated $22,989 million, an increase of 3.5 per cent, a net return to the mother of $1,035 million, an increase of 13.54 per cent, and a deduction.
In a single quarter, 2019q3 achieved a revenue of $7,148 million, a 10.55 per cent reduction in the ring, a 0.6 pct higher than the Māori rate, and a boost to the company’s overall profitability.
Station 2.94gw, an increase of 253.93 per cent in the same year, 60 turbine generators 11.6gw, a decrease of 32.13 per cent in the same year, wind 225 0.5gw, an increase of 57.89 per cent in the same year, power station boilers 41 9.99gw, a decrease of 41.66 per cent in the same year, and power station turbines 79 12.37gw, a decrease of 31.63 per cent in the same year.
The company's wind power business is moving fast. The 10mw wind power unit was deactivated at the end of September as the largest wind power unit in the former domestic market. The 7mw unit is expected to be installed in the near future. The land wind engine 4mw unit was successfully deactivated last year and has now been installed.
As the wind and wind industry warms, adding up wind and power will boost companies’ competitiveness and profitability. In the face of counter-growth of hand orders, optimized structures drive transformation.
RMB, 14.4 per cent more than in the same period the previous year, with exports of RMB 2.9 billion, or 11.1 per cent, 7 per cent more easily, modern manufacturing services 15 per cent, and new and growing industries 26 per cent. In April, the winning country handed over electricity to the U.S. Landchab 1.1gw wind power project in mid-August to mark UNITA project 2 with 1.5gw wind power
The company's current acquisition of wind power with the largest total installed capacity on land and the largest single-body contract proved its ability to obtain strong orders in the field of wind power. “Wallon One” started work, nuclear power continued to grow.
The main equipment order Nos. 5, 6, the project is now in the stage of installation commissioning. Unit 1, 2 in Chenzhou began work on October 16, officially opening the stage for the Quantification of the Hualong I. The company obtained orders for more than 10 major equipment such as the anti-town nuclear power plant No. 2, the Ninder nuclear power plant No. 2, the Quanzhou nuclear power plant, and the Huezhou nuclear power plant.
With the beginning of the recovery of the nuclear power industry, benefits will be gained from the growth in the scale of nuclear power construction in the country, the company, as the manufacturer of nuclear power plants, will head the nuclear power business, the new industry will flourish, and the hydrogen fuel cell will boost performance. In August this year, the company and the nuclear power industry will be on fire.
In April this year, the company built 1,000 model production lines in Chengdu, Sichuan, received orders for helium-fuel cell buses, and pushed forward logistics and special-purpose vehicles. Helium-fuel cell buses developed by the company are now being developed in two or three generations, with improved performance.
The cost has been optimized as the first Sichuan province, the second national demonstration line for public transportation of fuel cells. Although helium cells now account for a smaller share of the company’s overall performance, the future market is vast and will increase the company’s long-term performance.
The company is actively engaged in research and development in science, technology and innovation, and is in the forefront in high-power windmill research and development, and in the manufacture of nuclear power plants. We expect the company to earn its own income separately from 2019 to 2021.
Qinghua University has a bachelor’s and master’s degree in nuclear power engineering, China, for four years, and a foreign company in the United States for three years, and has been involved in nuclear power, fire, electricity, and hydrocarbon projects. There is a deep understanding of the entire industrial chain in the energy sector, with considerable experience in such areas as cost analysis of electricity projects and industrial policy research.
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in the present report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.