Fuel cells are entering the harvest period, providing a good basis for market segmenting - Eastern Electric (600875) incident evaluation report: incident: formerly East Electric (600875), fully-funded affiliate, Eastern Hydrogen Electric (Congregation)
Ike Ts. Ltd. (“Oriental Hydrogen Energy”) entered into a contract with Chengdu Bus Inc. for the sale of 90 fuel cell systems with a projected contract value of close to 180 million on the basis of approximately 2 million units.
A major breakthrough in the fuel cell market has taken place, and the fuel cell has made a breakthrough in the market, laying a solid foundation for the future: Eastern Electric has been developing fuel cells since 2011, and after years of subliminal research and development, it has formed a whole industry chain of fuel cells.
Covering, cumulatively, applying for more than 100 patents has the advantage of sufficient autonomous intellectual property rights. Eastern Electric now takes a solid step in the hydrogen engine market as the leader of the southwest fuel cell industry, and this breakthrough has led to its technical validation, product upgrading, and market promotion.
A market value of a share in circulation (millions of yuan) Policies support a wealth of resources and a clear outlook for hydrogen fuel cells: hydrogen energy has an advantage over other energy sources in terms of raw material availability and carbon-free environmental protection.
In 2014-2020, hydrogen energy and fuel cells were used as strategic directions for energy technology and innovation. By 2019, hydrogen energy had been included in government reports, and the National Development and Reform Commission had included a range of hydrogen-related industries in incentive projects.
Development Plan for the Energy Automobile Industry (2021-2035) (advanced draft) with explicit requirements for sequenced promotion of hydrogen fuel supply systems, promotion of hydrogen heating infrastructure, support for demonstration operations of fuel cell cars in conditional areas.
East Electric as a central business data cut-off date: December 18, 2019, is located in Sichuan, the capital of Japan, where electricity is abundant and hydropower development matures so that hydrogen can be produced.
With the strong support of local governments, the Cheng City Hydrogen Industry Development Plan (2019-2023) was launched in August 2019. By 2023, the Cheng City Hydrogen Industry was striving to achieve its main business, covering _aaa_ reboot of nuclear power, fuel cell revitalization.
Over $50 billion in revenue for the construction of a high-end equipment manufacturing base in the country ' s renowned hydrogen energy industry, the promotion of more than 2,000 fuel cell vehicles throughout the city; and the construction of a hydrogen-filling station covering the entire territory, Wang Smin
More than 30 of them form a provincial network of integrated hydrogen energy transport, centred on the Chengdu plain. Eastern Electric, as an autonomous intellectual property technology, is a “twice-and-a-half-a-day” combination, and market conditions are now maturing, with fuel cell operations entering the harvest period.
The company is strong and divided into new forms of power development: Eastern Electric is powerful in a variety of sources of energy, and in recent years it has developed with new sources of energy, and has achieved remarkable results in such industries as wind power and nuclear power. On December 13, 2019, the CSR issued its report on the separation of listed companies.
By analysing the company’s recent list of 800 equity incentives, the list of leaders of hydrogen energy companies is being developed.
In the absence of this, we anticipate that hydrogen energy companies or those prepared to split up into the market, if implemented successfully, will have a positive impact on the motivation of skilled personnel and business development. Risk factors: risk of changes in fuel cell industry policy, increased risk from market competition; traditional energy sector