Qingdao beer (168.hk/60000.ch): The adverse effects of climate sales have been absorbed, but structural upgrading is expected to take place in the supermarket.
In our judgement, the weaker sales of brooms, 3q23, have been absorbed by the market before performance, but corporate unit prices have expanded more than market expectations in terms of the same rise in unit prices and the same increase in the Māori rate. This suggests that the larger trend in the structure of the bauxite product has slowed down without being affected by adverse weather and economic conditions.
Sandornan, cfa, also helps improve the market’s investment sentiment in the beer industry as a whole.
4.7%, roughly in line with our expectations. Revenues have fallen by 4.6% over the year, slightly better than we expected, and Māori and core operating margins have expanded considerably.
3q23 has been affected by bad weather, but the product structure of 3q23 has improved considerably. This is due to companies’ initiative to effectively adjust the product structure of different channels.
Optimization of the structure: (1) the sales of major brands have fallen by only 5.5 per cent, far better than the sales of other brands by 18 per cent, and (2) the sales of medium- and higher-end products in major brands have been sustained by 3 per cent, much better than the performance of the main brand as a whole.
The structural upgrading of household consumption is considered to have contributed significantly to the upgrading of the overall product structure. The rate of use has expanded by 0.5 ppt over the same period, but, with the help of the increase in the Māori rate, the core operating profit rate has expanded significantly by 2.8 ppt over the same period, with the core operating profit increasing by 13% over the same year.
Qingdao beer (600600.ch) offsets some of the growth in core operating profits by falling government subsidies. No change. At the same time, we have slightly reduced our net profit projections to reflect government replenishments over the next three years.
We still believe that the Green Bay shares have a stronger value for money than a share. Maintain the “buy-in” rating and the “take-in” rating of a share.
Financial statement analysis and forecast - Qingdao beer
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipients of this report, who are in charge of it, indicate and guarantee their right to receive this report under the following conditions:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the production of group information and other publicly available information by the Card Corps-Phoshi International Securities Co. Ltd., which engages in activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and in the fourth category (Providing an Opinion on Securities).
This report is not intended to be an offer or offer for the purchase or sale of any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive matter for legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are made on a date indicated in the document, may be modified without notice, and may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress that has taken place since the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely make investments, withdrawals or other investments based on the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Sing International Securities.
The Division (collectively "Pulang International") and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned and may from time to time buy and sell.