Quarterly tri-quarter review 2023: three-quarters of optimal structure, continued to enhance profitability Food beverages Non-White Wine Incident: Qingdao Beer published three-quarters 2023, three-quarters 2023 (hereinafter “1-3q23”)
Gross operating income is $30,978 million, or +642 per cent; net return to the mother is $4,908 million, or +15.02 per cent. Sales volume is higher than in the previous year, but the product structure is faster and the Qingdao classics are growing faster. Due to rain, water weather and low temperatures are not conducive to the creation of a beer consumption scenario, compounding the impact of the high base for the same period last year, 3q23
The same sales fell by 11.25%, causing delays in the single-quarter growth rate. On average sales, 3023 thousand litres of wine were collected, 3023 high-end products under the Qingjia brand grew by about 10.4% compared to 411.05 million dollars under the Qingjia brand.
Among the high-end products, the Qingjia classic, which is positioned at a price band of $8-10, has grown robustly, contributing to the stability of the high- and middle-level products. The 3023 architecture has increased the Māori ratio by 2.9 pct, the sales cost by a small margin, and other costs by a modest margin.
On the Māori rate, the lower cost dividend of the package begins to be reflected in the reported performance, with three-quarter end-of-cost loops showing little change over the second quarter, 3023 thousand litres of alcohol per year + 2.45%. With structural upgrades, Māori 3023 increased by 2.9 pct per year. The overall cost rate of 3023 did not change much, with sales rates increasing slightly over the same period.
The mix of medium- and high-end products is up, fully adapted to the pace of industrial upgrading. The current trend of structural upgrading in the domestic beer industry is continuing, with a breakdown of the price belt showing variations in the market capacity growth rate.
Qingdao Beers (600600.sh) - Business Resilience Highlights, High-end Steady Progress – Accomplishing marketing capacity; Aoshima Peak, a representative of high-value white beer, continues to grow in market acceptance and is now expanding with a balanced channel structure, with a strong product growth potential that is expected to become more than another classic monolith in the future.
Qingdao Beers (600600.sh) - Short-term disturbance of sales, with a constant trend towards structural upgrading. Core products are still in the upward cycle, providing guarantees for companies to continuously upgrade their product structure and enhance profitability. Qingdao Beers (600.sh) — excellent structure, high level of profit stability.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: In view of the slowdown in beer sales in the context of a weak recovery in consumption, we have slightly reduced the performance forecast for the Aoshima Beers-600600-2021: A net revenue projection for land collection, taking into account the faster pace of corporate growth and lower costs of some raw materials, which has helped to strengthen the company.
Qingdao Beers - 600600-2021 Tri Quarterly Review: The product structure continues to upgrade and the results of high-channel expansion are below expectations; competition in the industry is increasing; and the costs are higher than expected. Events: Qingdao Beers were published in Queen Quarterly 2023, the first three quarters of 2023 (hereinafter “1-3q23”)
Gross operating income is $30,978 million, +642 per cent; net return to the mother is $4,908 million, +15.02 per cent, +15.02 per cent; sales volume 3023 are higher than the previous year, but the product structure is faster and the Qingdao classics are growing faster.
A decline of 11.25% in the same year, causing delays in the single-quarter growth rate. On average sales, 3023 litres of alcohol increased by 7.52% over the same period, with the average price rising faster than in the first half of the year. The average price increase was mainly due to the optimization of product structures, with the average increase of about 10.4% for high-end products under the main island brand, and the corresponding increase of about 87,000 litres under the main Qing island brand.
The sales of low-end products fell by about 162,000 litres on the same basis, other brand sales of the same amount fell by 213,000 litres on the same date, and the response company’s product structure is being optimized at an accelerated pace. Among the high-end products, the Qingjia classic, which is located in the $8-10 price band, is growing robustly, contributing to the stability of high- and middle-end products.
The impact was a slight slowdown in the growth rate of white beverages and in net sales in the last three quarters. The average price of 3023 sales rose, mainly due to a steady increase in sales of high- and medium-end products, an increase in sales of lower-end products, and a high degree of product structural optimization. The 3023 structure optimized the Māori ratio by 2.9 pct, the cost of sales increased by a small increase in sales rates and other cost bases.
In terms of the Māori rate, the lower cost dividend of the package begins to be reflected in the reported performance, with three-quarter end-of-cost ratios changing little in the second quarter, 3023 thousand litres of alcohol + 2.45%. The Māori rate of 3023 is the same as the 2.9 pct increase in structural upgrades. The cost rate of 3023 does not change much overall, with a 0.5 pct increase in sales costs of the same magnitude.
It is expected to be associated with the increased cost of marketing activities on the 20th anniversary, and the same management cost ratio shows that the portfolio of medium- and high-end products is up and well suited to the pace of industrial upgrading. The current trend of structural upgrading in the domestic beer industry continues, with a breakdown of the price belt showing variations in market capacity.
With an expansionary dividend, which is currently at a rapid growth stage, brands continue to grow, products have become more dynamic and marketable, Qingdao is a representative of high-priced white beverages, market acceptance continues to increase, and white beverages are now expanding in a balanced channel structure, with a strong product growth potential, and are expected to become more than another single item in the history of Qingdao.
Core products are still on the rise, providing guarantees for companies to continuously upgrade their product structure and enhance profitability. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: considering the slowdown in beer sales in the context of a weak recovery in consumption, we have made a small downswing, with less than expected growth in channels; increased competition in the industry; and higher than expected costs.
Table 2: Comparable corporate valuation tables Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future