The performance met expectations and the high-end trend continued to run a robust Aoshima Beer (600600.sh) incident assessment report. On 27 October 2023, Aoshima Beer issued its third quarterly report for 2023.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn performed as expected, and the gross sales spread continued to grow $30,978 million (or 6.4 per cent) in the first three quarters of 2023, resulting in net profit for the mother
The product structure has been significantly upgraded and the trend towards high-end growth has continued. For example, in the first three quarters of 2023, the sales volume of Qingdao masters/other brands was 409,32 million litres, compared with +3.5/-3.7 per cent, of which 2023q3 Qingjik masters were sold in 2023.
17.7 per cent, mainly due to the high sales base and weather effects on current drinking channels during the same period last year, led to a drop in sales in the third quarter on a par. The higher end-of-end beer sales in the middle of the first three quarters of 2023 were 2.92,000 litres (11 per cent increase) and the higher end-of-end trend remained.
1 Qingdao Beers (600,600): Performance card with an average ton price of $4,247 per kilol (6.2 per cent increase) for three quarters of which an average ton price of $4133 per kilol (7.5 per cent increase) for 2023q3 beer.
Corporate high-end trends remain, with a steady increase in the average ton of alcohol prices, which is strongly supported by macroeconomic downside risks, poor marketing during the season, increased risks of raw materials, and the introduction of the food and beverages group.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Xiao Yanan: Graduated from Hunan University in Finance in June 2023, joined the Chinese Securities Study. Xiaozhou: Chinese University of Hong Kong, cfa, 3 years of research experience in the food and beverage industry, covering the areas of beer, halo, and brandy.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.