Qingdao beer (600600) food beverages short-term pressure q3 sales, structural upgrading and steady advancement of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: 3-quarter reports issued by the company in 2023, yielding revenues of $30.98 billion in the first three quarters, i.e. 6.4 per cent of the same year, net profit on maternity was 4.91 billion yuan, i.e. + 15 per cent of the same year, net profit on non-mortality, i.e. $4.6 billion, i.e. + 4.7 per cent of the same year, net profit on non-mortality, i.e. $1.370 billion, i.e. + 7.8 per cent of the same year.
• High base plus weak demand, short-term pressure on q3 sales. On volume, companies achieved 729,4.271 million tons of beer sales in the first three/single quarters, compared with +0.2/-11.3 per cent. q3 sales are clearly under pressure, mainly due to 1) the high base for outbreak containment and extreme temperature impacts during the same period last year: 2) this year ' s rainy season
More weather, less demand for consumer beer, and a weak overall increase in sales in the industry. For branding, 127.88 million tons were sold in the Qingjia brand for three seasons alone, a 5.5 per cent decline in the same year; middle- and high-end products were sold as a result of the continuation of the trend towards high end, with the share of high-end products rising by 5.8 to 40.8 per cent in the same year for q3.
Cost pressures have slowed + product structure upgrades, and the profitability of q3 has continued to rise. The Māori rate for companies in the previous three quarters was 39.7 per cent, an increase of 1.7 pp from the previous quarter; the Māori rate for q3 was +2.9 to 40.9 per cent for the same period.
The high end process is going well, and the cost side releases elasticity. 1) At the end of the product, the company will build on the pure and classic "1+1" brand strategy to further upgrade the middle- and low-end branding ratio, and will lead to a continuous upgrading of the overall product structure through the use of high-end products such as drums and white beaks. 2) At the end of the channel, the company will hold the line
Continue to promote “one or two” strategic belts of market construction and layout, consolidate and enhance the advantages of the base market, actively develop emerging markets and foster fast-growing markets. 3) Looking ahead, q4 has a low base (last year q4 sales grew by -7 per cent) and costs on the cost side as the two-way counter-policies of AUSAM were eliminated and the costs of barley and packaged materials were eliminated.
Pressure is slowing, with 24-year ton costs expected to continue to improve, with current drinking channels, such as feeding and nighttime, recovering as the economy recovers, and the company’s future performance is growing over time. Qingdao beer (600,600): q2 achieved a full increase in volume prices.
The “buy-in” rating is maintained at 26 times, 23 times and 19 times, respectively, in relation to the dynamic pe. No compensation of any kind will be obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, not as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.