A Qingdao beer (600600.sh) q3 is sold under pressure, but a 1,000-litre alcohol ring is faster. 2023q3 achieves operating income \triangleright
93.86 billion yuan, or 4.6 per cent of the total, and we believe that the main sector sales were on a higher base for the same period last year, with 2023q3 companies earning 1,000 litres of alcohol on a year-on-year basis +7.5 per cent to $4133. We believe that, despite the fall in the company ' s total stock in the third quarter, the distribution structure of high- and higher-grade products has increased faster and faster than the previous year.
\triangleright costs +2.5% to $2442, roughly equal to the q2 rate of increase, adding to the ton of alcohol revenue.
The growth rate is faster, with the company ' s Māori ratio increasing faster than the same ratio +2.9 pct to 40.9%. Overall, the management cost ratio is equal to 3.9%, and the company ' s net profit from withholding is increasing its profitability, which is what we expect. 2023q3 company ' s net profit ratio is the same.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: In an environment of weak consumer power this year, the market is worried about a slowdown in the beer industry \triangleright high-end growth, but we think the company's product structure has been upgraded in Shandong and North China.
Risk factors: Increased competition for medium- and high-end beer, rising prices of raw materials are gaining momentum, faster profits are released.
Cindasecuritiesco., ltd House No. 1, 9 Downtown West Side, Beijing City, to set up a food and beverage team whose members are predominantly industry seniors and top school leaders.
Zhang Wei-hyun has graduated from Wuhan Polytechnic, two years in law, economics, two years in the financial sector, followed by 13 years in the wine industry, first-line sales in the cellars, Dukang and Shedd, with practical exercise experience in the high-end, second-end and lower-middle-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich drinking circles, trend towards the white industry.
Dom, a bachelor's degree in engineering at the Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of experience in the fast-density industry, 10 years of experience in first-line sales of white wine, has a unique insight into high-end white wine. He's good at driving the future market for alcohol based on available data and market moves.
Li Qing Fong, Master of Finance, Graduated from the Central University of Finance and Finance, covering fast-free foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, lassagna, succulent foods) and spices (in-depth study of Angel yeasts, natural foods, familiarization with the seafood industry, the millet industry, scavenging vegetables, Quihai International, Bolly foods, solar-square shares).
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, and then worked in research and development for two years at Sapto, the mammoth's giant.
Qui Li, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University.
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics.
With three years of experience in strategic investment in head housing enterprises, it is good at exploiting opportunities for upstream and downstream development from an industry perspective. 2021 Food and beverage teams, covering mainly white wine plates. Wang Snowfook, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering beer (deep depth).
Part of this is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment advisory business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.