The second half of 2019, when the company achieved 72.9 billion yuan in operating income in the first half of 2019, an increase of 8 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was $1.69 billion.
21 per cent over the same period; net gain of $1.43 billion, or 22 per cent over the same period; as a result of the macroeconomic slowdown, the growth in passenger revenue of 1h19 slowed to 8.7 per cent, mainly as a result of q2 revenue re-engineering, optimization of resource allocation and route planning to increase the daily utilization of the existing fleet, driving up the ask ratio in the first half of the year.
10.14 per cent increase, rpk 10.4 per cent increase in the same year, and 0.2 per cent increase in the overall occupancy rate; however, income from passenger kilometres slowed down, unit withholding costs showed good performance, and rental standards changed to higher financial costs \triangleright
The operating cost of 1h19 grew by 7.2 per cent, of which the cost of aviation oil increased by 6.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of increased capacity inputs and extended voyages. The operating cost of the company increased by 7.6 per cent after the withholding of oil, with a 14 per cent increase in landing and landing costs compared to the same rate, and depreciation costs increased by 71 per cent due to the change in the lease guidelines, corresponding to flying and operating rental costs.
1.7 per cent/81.5 per cent decrease. Overall, companies still have improved cost control in the first half of the year, with unit ask withholding costs being more affected by changes in lease standards, with 1h19 spending increasing by 21 per cent over the period, mainly due to a 59 per cent increase in financial costs.
On the exchange side, the company incurred a total loss of $312 million in exchange losses in the first half of the year, which was narrower than last year’s exchange loss of $420 million, and a 23% decline in total profit after the deduction. At the end of the reporting period, the sensitivity of the company’s exchange rate was subject to leasing guidelines.
The effect of the change on the increase in the dollar debt, which rose to 1 per cent of the RMB exchange rate, resulting in a net profit of $650 million, increases/losses, taking into account the impact of the devaluation of the RMB q3, which is expected to have a significant negative impact on net profits, falls in oil prices + tax deductions, and the elasticity of corporate q3 remittances.
By August of this year, the price of aviation kerosene had fallen by 10 per cent on a year-on-year basis, assuming that the price of q3 aviation kerosene would remain the same.
The company is now the largest airline in the country, and with the opening of the airport, the company will form a two-hub operating pattern for Guangzhou-Beijing, opening up the annual pb average to one standard deviation, with limited space down, and giving a “recommended” rating when future demand or exchange rate improves.
The macroeconomic downside is persistent; oil and sink prices are highly volatile; company financial statement data projections are aggregated; airlines are engaged in equity investment.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence.