The Center for Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Research is constantly changing, and the long video is hard to see how mangos fight against water cans, and change innovation is the only constant factor.
Market sniffing and technological innovation, mango super-medias continue to “subversive” themselves in every way. Mangotv is already more than just a network distribution channel for Hunan Watch.
The share of Mangotv has increased from 22.9% in 2018 to 36.3% between January and September 2019. Mangotv is also active on the road to his home-made set, with about 17 home-made dramas expected to be launched in the fourth quarter of 2019 and 2020.
In the long run, buying dramas is more important in terms of efficiency and return. Mangotv's grasp of users' needs.
There has been a marked improvement, and the network plays are among the top. And the monthly retention rate for the series it buys is also at the same level.
For example, Mangotv also has a monthly retention rate of 68.3 per cent when playing at a high level, which is higher than the combined platform tweak video and Achicto 36.9 pct and 2.7 pct, respectively. 3. Mangotv is gaining momentum and continues to look good - Man
Video services move from passive to active, meeting the full range of user needs, and the value of what big screen families need is being realized over time, with the advantage of scarce license plates.
On the one hand, Mango supermedia has a provincial IPTV and an IPS license.
On the other hand, in August 2019, mobile female users of the four main video platforms were among the top users of Mango tv, 77.1%, far more than the other three. The role of women was in the home, electricity, and daily transport.
The choice of a commercial package has a greater voice, and captures the woman’s mind not only to bring a stronger user sticker to Mangotv, but also to contribute to its multi-channel development. Mangotv accounts for the highest proportion of people under the age of 30 (75.3%), and young people are more able to pay over the next 5 to 10 years of development.
A strong, mangotv may also benefit from the opening dividends of a new family from a young group. Policy regulatory risk: the number of paid members may not grow as expected: the risk of a restricted share is lifted, and the sails are not stopped at all times.
The remote control does not control television, nor does the mobile phone control the video platform. In short, the material of the long video is the consumption of content, and the difference in content is ultimately reflected in the increased cost of user transfer and the increased branding effect of the platform, from cable television to online video.
In the course of the development of the Web-long video industry, there is still much room for improvement in the current user base (mau perspective). And as an enterprise, it has a unique advantage from decision-making to implementation, from strategy to operation.
Almost every key node from the television age to the Internet video age is looking for change and opportunity, and it's a long-term engine of enterprise development. Mango super-movement innovation is implemented in business strategies, content creativity, market smell and technological innovation, “subversive.”
On April 20, 2014, on the eve of the spread of the mobile Internet, Mangotv was completely new. This was a difficult decision by Hunan High Power, and it was a decision that had to be taken, and the Mango Soul strategy was launched.
The content is distributed to head video platforms like Aichi, Juicy, and Tweets, which is a remarkable gain. And now Mangotv does have some success, not just on the Hunan Vigilance, the content of Happy Home Camp, Sky Up, I'm a Singer, and more importantly, more.
In recent years, Mangotv's variety has been in the web-long video industry, as well as in cable television.
Moreover, Mangotv continues to grow on the path of home-made television and online dramas, with about 17 home-made dramas expected to be online in the fourth quarter of 2019 and 2020. Mango super-media, in the context of state-owned media enterprises, continues to strengthen technological innovation, good creativity and big data.
To build a platform of entertainment to view the content of the experience, and not just a way of viewing it. To watch it anywhere and anywhere, it's the driving force of the beginning of the long video of the network, which is not just the mobile phone.
The innovation of mobile end-of-the-art tools brings about not just changes in the way of viewing, but, at a deeper level, an unprecedented degree of autonomy for users. Compared to the passiveness of cable television, the Web-long video platform is freer to users, while the younger generation pursues free autonomy.
So, little screens and big screens are not inherently conflicting, but in fact the user's balance between individual consumption choices and household consumption choices, and the core of freedom and autonomy, as long as it is retained, is the multiplicity of channels. The younger generation, after 95 and 00, are also five to 10 years later.
The ecological properties of the platform will become more pronounced when a long video platform meets the needs of the user for long video content. The dual energy of mango supermixes at the mobile end and at the iptv and ott large screens is precisely building the platform and ecology, not one way of viewing it.
In the following, we will elaborate on how the company's content self-contained capabilities are constantly being added to the general space of iptv and ott on the big screen, and we will look at more detailed data analysis on how the Internet video industry compares in terms of volume and home-made ratios. Finally, we will look at the company's Internet video business and how it works.
The operator's business was split into a forecast, in which the operator's business was measured down to the priority provinces, and the giant conservator, from content distributors to content creators.
There are four major traffic head players in the long video industry, of which mangotv's flow base is still growing at a high rate. The Aichi culture and tether videos are on the first, the cool on the second, and the mango tv on the third.
Households rely mainly on differentiated and high-quality content, such as dramas and philosophies. Because of the elasticity of household entertainment needs for long videos, television dramas and philosophies are still in supply-oriented patterns, even though the annual production of dramas and philosophies is stable, quality content is very high.
Scarcity. Since 2018, the overall flow trend in the industry has been rising. In concrete terms, Mangotv is still growing at a rapid rate, ranging from 36.1 per cent to 47.62 per cent for mau in September 2019, and 47.62 per cent per month, respectively.
In September 2019, mau increased by 2.7 per cent, 1.5 per cent and 7.3 per cent, respectively. The monthly averaged duu and web-long video platform realized mainly on the basis of income from membership and advertising, which were linked to trends in the volume of drama and art, respectively, with tighter regulation of the content of q1 to q3 in 2019.
The overall impact of the industry is not insignificant. We've been able to count the monthly television-mixing, web-mixing, television dramas, and web dramas from January 2018 to September 2019, Aichi, Yogurt and Mangotv.
Arts and web dramas refer to content that is only played on the web end. The trend in the number of plays in the series is more consistent with the new pattern for payers. In addition to content supply and regulatory factors, four quarters have the highest demand of q3 and the weakest of q2, q4 and q1 in the middle.
The trend is roughly in line with the trend in advertising income, with the strongest quarter also being q3, followed by q2 or q4, q1 being the weakest throughout the year. Because of the rhythm of the daily broadcasts, as well as the high level of purchases from various video platforms, the overall monthly coverage is higher than the overall amount of the entertainment.
The number of TV dramas is usually higher than the number of online dramas. If one plays multiple platforms (television and network ends), especially on the watch (Hunan, Jiangsu, Orient, Zhejiang and Beijing Watch), on the one hand, the attention will rise, and on the other hand, the watch will be on the front-line.
The standards are stronger, and the popularity of the audience is better, so mangotv is strategically superior based on the first-line visual gene. In the case of the amphibious arts, the total amount of television-multicultural broadcasting is less than the Internet-mixed, and the influence of the television-multicultural N generation has been significantly reduced in recent years.
Mangotv’s strategic deployment and industrial location are different in these four sectors, and vertically, its trajectory cannot be generalized. In the long run, quality content as an endogenous development factor is the key to boosting user growth and retention.
It's also the drive to force users to pay fees and attract advertisers. It's a highly specialized video content, unlike the ones that focus on the ugc content, the long video platform needs financial strength and continuous professional quality content.
The platform's "platform" will get weaker, and the "asset" will actually get stronger. Asset investment will be particularly pronounced in the series's additions, because the production of the show shows tends to be a direct charge for content. From free-of-charge + video post ads, to free-of-charge advertising, to members first-time +-
The increase in the rate of payment is almost the result of direct payments from all video platforms, especially from users, which are directly linked to the quality of content in the long run. According to the Achilles and Mangotv rates of penetration, the level of mangotv rates of penetration is around Achilles.
But, in fact, the short-term penetration of the platforms is not exactly the same driving force. In May 2018, Aichi and Kyoutung entered into a partnership in the area of paying membership, where the interests of current members are shared, and the first week of cooperating in reaching a membership of more than a million.
Growth, and the agreement is still in place, to some extent contributing to the milestone of 2q19 Aichi culture for subscription to the billion-dollar membership. The growth of mangotv-paying members is still more dependent on content, which attracts more than RMB 100 million and RMB 786 million, representing an increase of 50.1% and 136.1%, respectively.
The rapid development of mangotv is reflected in the growing number of intangible assets associated with copyright resources. Mango super-magnets amount to $4.332 billion, an increase of $1,476 million from the beginning of the period, which is still in the process of expansion.
The assets are shown in licensed copyrights, intangible assets and production content, with 1h193 net totals 11,972 million yuan, representing a slight decrease of 83 million yuan compared to the beginning of the period. Because of the frequent delay of 6 to 12 months in the broadcast of the procurement series, and the longer duration of the home-made series, usually 12 to 18 months.
Akichi's large-scale procurement has now been reduced, and it is now largely digesting the stock. As the enthusiasts see, the masterial advantage of the art is still being realized, and the rapid development of the mangotv from 2018 to the present cannot be overtaken.
The three other TV fairs, which are mainly copyrighted, are concentrated in Zhejiang, Orient, Jiangsu and Hunan.
In addition to the close collaboration, the other three front-line guards saw no apparent preference for the Ae-Yo-Yo-Yu-Yu-Yu-Yu, most of which were based on multi-platform connections, and the difference in the amount of air traffic. In the last two years, the buyout of TV-Screen was less intensive, and the market share was shrinking.
It's more than obvious. The level of video and art is almost unchanged. The market share of mangotv has increased by 22.9% to 36.3% in the year. The home-made power of video and art must not be underestimated.
This is one of the few achievements of the Street Dance series, which is far from adequate in terms of the number of new ones.
The innovation of the art is reflected in the innovation of the product, closely following or leading the demand for entertainment. The difference with traditional goods or services is, first of all, that the needs of the customer are harder to predict, that the audience’s “seat” is never satisfied, and that the product is of great value.
It is difficult to anticipate: second, the process of regulation is difficult to implement, and there are very few public departments with long-term stability of high-quality output. Many production companies are quick to see. “Process-based production” and “specialized division of labour” are the solutions to the implementation of the process.
Experience has shown that, as much as possible, standardized production processes are being implemented through a more robust studio system, and stable production of quality assurance.
The workforce has the highest weight, and the proportion of Aichi content workers is second only to the proportion of research and development technicians. Mango supermedia focused on "intuitive" (in terms of content) until 2018, and companies have been more focused on technicians since this year, and are also active in "market perception" (data, user feedback).
In the long run, simultaneous efforts in both directions are essential for all video platforms. After learning about the audience's expectations through data and operations, it is also creative to “exceed expectations.”
In terms of cost-effectiveness and quality control, the long-term trend in the video industry is to focus more on self-reform, and the advantage of Mango super-media is expected to continue. According to our statistics, since 2018, four video platforms have seen an upward trend in their overall self-regulating ratios.
There are currently three centres and 21 studios in Aichi culture. In general, there are Chen Wei, Chai, the program production centre, Kang Bin, the program development centre and the eccentric sports arts.
In March of 2019, the pcg (platform and content industry) changed the name of the penguins under its name to Scripted.
The original penguin studio (now the unscripted content department) was involved in the production of Creation 101, Camp 2019, The Sons of Tomorrow, The Crystal Age of the Sons of Tomorrow.
"Please let go of my North nose" and so on, but unlike the Aki culture workroom system, video-making is more of an external collaborative development model, such as "The Sons of Tomorrow" in cooperation with the Wa-a-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah.
As a result of the team's execution, the number of studios and teams is greater, the areas of responsibility and the type of programme are differentiated and the “internal fighting” is avoided as much as possible. The Mango team continues to be active, especially in Mangotv's work.
Since May 2018, the Director General of Hunan Vigilance has approved 12 teams to create workshops. These 12 studios have 51% of the directors of the 26 Hunan Vigilance teams and have completed close to 80% of Hunan Vigilance's own programmes, contributing more than 90% of the channels.
In promoting the creation of the studio's own brand, the hiring and hiring of studio staff was decentralized, and the central element of the incentive mechanism was “input output.” The Hunan Guardian also supported the studio to take over mangoes.
tv's production project. In July 2019, Hunan Guardian launched version 2.0 of the studio system to enhance the protection of top talent, with seven core members per studio sharing 70% of the value of the project; the “contracted members” of the studio are required to sign the Special Talent Protection Agreement, which establishes a ban on competition and competition.
The limitation clause, which allows each studio to select a core of up to 15 members to sign, means that at least one quarter of the head maker can be targeted; the producer is separated from the director-general to encourage producers to assign priority to directors under 35 as project director-general.
Heart-making teams, such as Ho Dynasty Teams, Jiaji Teams, Lee Sweet Teams, Yuan Bai-Li Teams, Xiang Thanxia Teams, etc., have been doing a great job in both flow and slogans. Independently decentralized producers’ studio system not only activates innovation, but also facilitates a professional division of labor and work.
Experience adds up, resource sharing reduces marginal costs. For example, mangotv’s main polytechnic type is suspense, family parent, new emotional class, etc., which is a step forward in the verticalization of web-based content and subject matter. We will find that the advantage of the studio system is to favour accumulation.
For example, the team who produced Big Star Detectives (box studios) and who became the director-in-chief of "Star Detectives" 1 and 2 seasons turned 3 and 4 into producers, according to the Mango Supermedia announcement, the number of vdvs (videoview) in the first and third seasons of "Star Detectives."
In October 2019, the fifth quarter of Ming Star Detective was also expected to be on the line. We combed up the 2019 Mango super-mango reserve, which was rich this year, with an estimated 6 to 9 more q4 on the line.
There is also a huge amount of room for growth in the market for television and online dramas. The "burn money" character of the video platform is actually the main feature of the video platform.
Now on the show. Compared to the "buy-for-buy" strategy of the troupe video and the eccentric art, Mangotv used to be a more modest and stylish set. In 2018, the number of new TV shows on troupe video, Achi, Yogurt and Mangotv was 72, 76, 58 and 43, respectively, on the Internet.
Between January and September 2019, 58, 61, 53 and 33 new TV dramas were on the Internet. The number of new dramas was 36, 35, 20 and 14 respectively.
The cost of content procurement and production has begun to decline significantly. For the previous two years, the industry averages, the S-level drama series cost between $10 million and $15 million (in 50 sets, with a total cost of $500 million to $750 million) ... The cost is now below $8 million (in 50, with a total cost of $400 million).
The cost of home-made dramas has also been reduced by lower fees for actor films, which are currently limited to 50 million dollars for first-line actors, compared to more than 150 million dollars previously. With more manageable costs, we expect that Mangotv will also catch up on the show.
Buying is not as good as buying, and buying the series is more important in the long run, in terms of efficiency and return. From 2018 to September 2019, the four main video platforms averaged a monthly TV show and a network play.
The average number of TV dramas in Mangotv has been significantly higher since 2019. Because television plays are usually broadcast on multiple platforms and multiple channels, there is a high degree of new overlap in each play. So, on average, every play is measured by the impact of the platform and by the flow of traffic.
At this level, mangotv's brand power and influence have indeed increased. In online drama, the average number of TV, Aichi and mangotv broadcasts has not been equal, while the average number of excellent broadcasts has been lower and has been weak since 2019.
During the life cycle of the specific product, we found that the monthly retention rate of the series purchased by Mangotv was also high in the industry, especially in the non-exclusive concentration of plays.
The brightest star in the sky, for example, is shown by mangotv, troupe video, and eccentric art. Mango tv also has a monthly retention rate of 68.3 per cent, which is higher than the troupe video and the eccentric 36.9 ptt and 2.7 ptt, respectively.
(5/6.6) Retention rate = monthly weighted play/first month weighted playback volume. 3 Due to the fact that Neoboss wants to marry me, which is played by Mangotv at the same time as the fox search, but with a smaller amount (less than one tenth of the mangotv broadcast), it is not shown. 4 signifies Mango super-media participation in the home-made series. 5 tables show data in hundreds of millions. The demand for content consumption is still strong, and content regulatory policies may enter the new normal, with multiple innovations.
Since 2019, Internet entertainment sections, such as dramas, audio, web scripts, etc. have been affected more or less by the trend towards strict content regulation. In terms of the number of television and online dramas, there has been no significant decline in the number of television and online dramas, overall.
In the 18-month cycle, the impact of short-term content regulation is mainly reflected in the late entry of the platform at the end. After mid-October 2019, we expect the overall content regulation policy to enter a new normal. In the long run, the regulatory dimension will have some structural effect on the set.
In the case of content types, it is more realistic and urban. We recorded a ratio between January and September 2019, when the number of non-consumptions was concentrated, and it was found that Mangotv was more than 65%.
The 2-thousands are the top 50 series of the month’s video platforms. The video platforms are deeply involved in the entire industry chain of the series, and the pace of up-and-up production is accelerating to improve content control.
There is an overall upward trend in the home-made proportions of dramas and web dramas, which are now more home-made than those of video dramas. At the production stage, although there are more participants, it is more rare because of the length of the production cycle, especially at the level of s.
The light, the philanthropy, and the Xinyo media are among the most prominent sectors in terms of artist brokerage and production power. Mango super-media companies have also been competitive in the production of dramas, especially in urban love, especially in respect of sweet topics.
In the fourth quarter of 2019, and in 2020, there were more stocks of dramas, which were either self-made or will continue to be validated. At present, we have combed the stock of Mango super-magnetized art in 2019, and today we have a series of three exclusive shows, four home-made dramas, and 10 home-made dramas.
Figure 27: Home-made ratio of hot television dramas from 2018 to September 2019
Weak license plates, content and broadcast chain participants, or will continue to benefit from them 74.7 per cent of Internet-long video users, with a share of about 13.4 per cent of the long-term dividend flow, into stock games, where the big screen still has an incremental development space. It benefits from the rapid release of mobile Internet.
On the other hand, we've seen a more stable and slightly higher share of the video. With this high penetration of the video, we've moved the end trend.
But the content of the long video on the Internet is not just TV shows, art, movies, etc., but there's a lot of room, in addition to the materialization of the mobile end, for the extension of the scenes, especially at the current stage of the changeover of cable television.
iptv (interactive network television) and ott (Internet television) screens will be high in the future.
From big screens to small screens, it's hard to completely erode the needs of large screens. Undeniably, the rapid opening of mobile ends has a remarkable new role to play in getting visitors. But we tend to ignore long video entertainment, where consumption is not only personal, but also domestic. The balance between mobile ends and big screens.
It's also the balance of the user's personal and family life, and in the long run it's the balance. Television is visible in the living of the family, but people's long video entertainment needs are moving from passive to live television, moving towards more autonomous and active content selection.
Businesses have also been innovating themselves, as evidenced by the development of cable television from iptv to ott. And Chinese women’s roles in household electricity and in the choice of daily business packages have a greater voice, and capture women’s hearts has not only led to greater user stickyness for mangotv.
In August 2019, the number of mobile female users of the four main video platforms was the highest in Mango tv, 77.1%, well above the three other platforms.
The proportion of persons under the age of 30 years is also highest, at 75.3%, and young people are more able to pay for their development over the next 5 to 10 years, and, with the further development of iptv and ott, mangottv will also enjoy the dividends of the channels that come from the formation of new families by young people.
The 14-21 age group will grow up in 5 to 10 years to be 22 to 35 years old, while the current age class characteristics, such as having a family of their own, and then having a need for family entertainment, are likely to retain some of the young features, such as a entertainment media service or some kind of entertainment.
When a generation grows up, their preference for content shifts in part to the recreational needs of a family. Service providers with high quality content as both a small screen and a big screen channel are more likely to emerge, preferably in a consolidated account, and can become individuals and families.
The core competition for the Mango supermedia as a long video platform that leads to profitability is also content plus license plates, which have both advantages, and the potential for future development of the operator’s business. The content advantage is not limited to mangos.
It's a powerful home-grown capacity, with better cost-control capabilities. The advantage of a license is that it is based on the iptv/ott's rare license plates, that it is sufficient to realize the content advantage and that the operators of the home television channel (iptv/ott) are divided into income, except for the mobile and pc end.
At this stage, there are three main forms of home television coverage, namely, cable television, iptv, and ottv. The cable television service is operated by wide power and is part of the traditional television service.
The iptv is mainly based on a broadband network, which is based on three major operators (China Telecom, China Connect and China Mobile). The ottv is a fully open platform with an operating system that users can install while watching television content.
i.e., the iptv signal is transmitted via the exclusive network and requires the purchase of a commercial box or broadband, while ott is transmitted through the public network, connecting the homewifi. i.e. iptv and ottv are interactive television services that can be added to the user.
The traditional TV service users can only receive live television live passively, without the advantage of online television interaction. At present, the ottv is unable to provide live television services due to political policy constraints.
The ratio of users after 80 and after 90 is 40%, while the age of users of traditional cable television services is somewhat higher. At this stage, iptv is tied to the broadband business of the three major operators, and according to data from our grass-roots studies, there are significant differences in the cost of the provinces, with the overall rate of fees charged by the operators being $10-35 per month, not targeted in some provinces.
iptv charges separately, but covers it in a broadband package. The scarcity of license plates reinforces entry barriers, and companies with both content and license plates have long-term advantages. iptv and ott do not really differ significantly from technology, but focus on the laxity of their policies.
iptv uses a two-tier integrated broadcasting platform structure, content platform licences are currently issued in two cases, central iptv is issued in one case, provincial iptv is issued in four cases (including Mango super-man authorized by Hunan Radio and Television), and local iptv transmission network licences are issued in three cases
Business license plates. At the same time, ott operates an integrated service platform, with 16 content service licences (including the authorization of the Mango super-media for Radio and Television Hunan) and 7 integrated service licences (including the authorization of Radio and Television Hunan for Mango super-media).
The license plate is loosely tight, and the future increase in iptv will depend mainly on the increased penetration of provincial operators’ broadband-bound connections. While ott and smart television (home-based end) and boxes are tied from hardware to user-sized penetration, hardware manufacturers are now represented by vinyl, Xin, Xin, and Hua.
iptv and ttt are gradually replacing cable television, and the number of users of iptv and ttt grew rapidly in 2019, reaching 272 million and 9,028 million respectively in 1q19. First, with the release of the 2010 document on the “Three Networks” , the Telecommunication Network, the Radio and Television Network and the Internet — three networks — were integrated.
The strategy at the State Council level was launched, and iptv was a typical tri-net integration operation. The iptv was approved by the Chinese mobile movement in the month, and we expect that the next three operators will work together to promote the growth of iptv. From 1q19, iptv's ratings are already outpaced.
Cable television, 60.9 per cent and 48.4 per cent, respectively, showed a clear downward trend in the number of cable television users between 1q16 and 2q19; while ott was accompanied by a number of hardware manufacturers (intelligent television + boxes), with an average of 9.028 million active terminals per day for 1q19, an increase of 41.3 per cent.
1q18ot data missing, replaced with average penetration rates of 4q17 and 2q18 and missing data of 1q19t. 3q16 to 2q19iptv user size in China
User penetration = number of users of iptv / total number of Internet broadband users in three basic telecommunications enterprises. Cable television network revenue continues to decline.iptv and ttt ' s high income growth rates increased by 48.6% and 156.5%, respectively, in 2018. Cable TV falls, and the rise of iptv and ttt not only reflects the rise of cable.
On the user base, it is also evident at the end of the income base. In 2018, 46.776 billion yuan, or 68.5% more, was earned on new media operations.
Of this amount, iptv earned $10.45 billion, an increase of 48.6 per cent; ott earned $4.696 billion, an increase of 156.5 per cent.
The decline continues. In 2018, cable television networks received 77,948 million yuan, a 6.6 per cent decline in the same year, including 36,838 million yuan in cable radio and television maintenance fees, 5.685 billion yuan in paid digital television revenues and 11,141 million yuan in three network integration operations.
The historical development of the U.S. cable alternative has also been a passive to active process, and it has become more evident that the channels of television programming in the U.S. have been changed, with high-strength, high-profile media outlets such as Naifi and Hulu serving TV. From cable TV to iptv to ott, the U.S. actually does.
In 2005, the U.S. telecommunications company, Verizon, took the lead in launching the iptv service. The U.S. iptv made rapid progress between 2005 and 2010, reaching 5 million users. The U.S. iptv is now the most popular.
The big operators are at&t and verizon. The rapid seizure of the market by iptv largely replaced the logic of the original cable television. Since 2013, it has been influenced by a stream of media, such as Nakaifi, that has hit the U.S. iptv business in terms of content and price.
In September 2019, Apple announced at the launch that the video service would be available in November, at a membership price of only $5. From traditional cable television to iptv, the main reason from the United States is that it's not going anywhere.
The service prices are higher and the extension capabilities of large operators are increased. It is not uncommon for us to move from cable television to iptv, which is mainly driven by these two factors. At this stage, our development period in iptv can be largely compared with that of the United States for the period 2005-2010.
The number of U.S. pay-for-television subscribers has continued to decline, the flow media has taken over this market space, the number of 2q19 pay-for-television subscribers has fallen by 5.1 per cent over the year, and the number of Naifith subscriptions has increased by 7.4 per cent over the year.
The number of subscribers to multi-channel ott has increased from 4q17 to 1q19 and the remaining three have been declining. The number of subscribers in the United States has increased slightly by the same quarter, through statistics, from 4q16 to 2q19.
The number of expensive TV users is still larger than the flow media because of the larger base of the previous period. Moreover, the predominantly Nephew-based stream media provider, or content-based, has expanded in the United States, except for the mobile market, where the larger part of the market is dominated by big screen television, where the demand for home video is not taken away.
It's easily eroded. Add to that, the development of hardware producers for the polymer streaming media, such as Roku, chromecast, amazonfiretv and appletv, has achieved a phased victory in the United States on multiple scenes and multi-equipment layers.
In 2018, for the first time, the penetration rate of high-quality media services exceeded the penetration rate of paid television services, most notably in the 22-35 age group, with the transfer of channels to young families as a sign of the future. According to Deloitte, the penetration of paid television services and stream media services in 2018, according to the Digital Media Trends Survey 2018.
The penetration rates were 65% and 69% respectively, and the differences between the penetration rates of the two services were 23%, 37% and 10% respectively in the 14-21, 22-35 and 36-52 age groups. But, in fact, pre-paid television services and mobile media services are mostly in combination from a user ' s point of view.
Forty-three percent of households in the United States subscribe to pay-for-television and stream-for-media services at the same time. Of these, tv plays a more important role in the characterization of broadband.
So, people watch TV shows as a relatively long-term process in terms of channel selection, transfer, or substitution. Mango supermedia operators have room for business coverage, with a high Māori ratio.
Mango super-media operators have been growing at a rapid rate of 81.1 per cent between 2015 and 2018, with Mango super-media operators mainly deriving from happy sunshine, with revenues of 956 million yuan in 2018 and 565 million yuan in 1h19, with an increase of 56.4 per cent and 41.1 per cent, respectively.
In general, the operator's income consists mainly of the iptv and ott operations basic services, the iptv and tt operations value-added services and the three components of the telecommunications mobile value-added operations, where basic services usually refer to live channels such as viewing and provincial watch and viewing of the service and some of its content on-demand (like traditional cable TV lines).
Value-added services are mainly on-demand content, with mobile value-added operations involving a variety of operations such as block-building, month-on-month subscriptions, content-on-demand broadcasting, working with base companies of the three major operators and some provincial companies, and working with the three main operators on Mangotv membership.
This means that the basic operation of iptv can be carried out in Hunan Province, in the value-added business of iptv, in the ott base business.
The main profit scale subjects are media, mango visions, mango entertainment, etc. The main profit scale subjects are media, mango visions, mango entertainment, etc.
Figure 48: Dismantling of income drivers for Mango super-media operators ' operations: 1iptv or ott ' s base service income, iptv or tt ' s operations
Opening of iptv or ott operations 2iptv or tt ' s value-added service income iptv or ttt ' s users differ
Actual on-demand broadcast/purchase of value-added content packages for iptv or ott operations Telecommunication mobile value-added operations
The partner divides the costs paid by the telecommunications operator into happy sunshine, and the operator's business income is largely driven by an increase in the number of users of the settlement, iptv and ott base operations.
Between 2015 and 2017, the combined rate of increase in the number of users of value-added operations was 105.3 per cent and between 2015 and 2017, the basic service providers of the operations of iptv and ott paid between $1.76 and 3.03, respectively, and the per capita fee for value-added services was between $5.05 and $5.05.
History also shows that the main fluctuations in unit prices are promotional activities, and in 2016 basic services acquired iptv IPS (provincial) and Internet TV (ott) content service plates on 4 February 2017, increasing the level and scope of cooperation with operators, and the number of users of iptv
In particular, there has been a significant increase in the number of users in Hunan province. After a major marketing campaign, the unit price of basic and value-added services as a whole has been on the rise.
At present, Mango super-media competitors have new media shares, oriental beads, and Chinese media. The company’s income is at a medium level, mainly because it has a national iptv content service license under the Eastern flag.
Several have only provincial integrated broadcasting licences. But the company's Māori ratio is the highest in the industry, with 62.5% and 66.1% of operators operating in 2018 and 1h19, respectively.
At the cost end, Mango super-media and new-mute shares, as licence operators, are paid 1% of the revenue from the company's iptv base package from its operators to Hunan Broadcasting Television and Guangdong Radio Television, respectively.
The copyright of the group is divided into 2% of the income according to the basic package of public-view iptv operations. In general, the more licensed operators rely on television content, the higher the rate of payment to them.
The iptv coverage varies considerably from province to province, and the Mango super-media also has an extra-provincial outreach and sink space. Because of the characterization of the iptv and the cable broadband, the penetration of the fixed Internet bandwidth during the conversion of the broadband package also leads to a certain increase in the iptv coverage.
On 19 August 2019, the General Directorate of National Radio and Television issued an Opinion on the Promotion of Quality Development in the Audio-Visual Industry of Radio, Television and the Web, which states: “Accelerating the production, integration, distribution, data centres, tubes of high-quality television and 4k/8k ultra-high-quality television collections.
The development of systems such as platforms to promote the development of high Qing, super high Qing TV channels, the use of high Qing, super high Qing TV on cable television, iptv and Internet TV, and the spread of the high Qing, super high Qing machine top box.” We have counted Hebei, Shanghai, Jiangsu, Henan, Hunan, Guangdong, Chongqing and Sichuan.
In 2018, the prevalence rate in Guangdong, Sichuan, Hebei and Shanghai was higher than 50%, in Hunan it was lower than 43.8%, and in Jiangsu, Henan and Chongqing it was lower than 40%. Mango super-media operators were operating in 31 provincial administrative regions throughout the country.
In the next three years, we expect to expand the reach of iptv as policy-level incentives increase. Moreover, China's mobile participants have invested 1.6 billion yuan in a non-public share-sharing project with Mango super-movement funds.
Mangotv’s strategic collaboration with China may open up a new situation. On December 29, 2018, Mangotv’s cooperation agreement with China will revolve around video content, membership, and association.
First, mobile phones have entered the stock age, and the Chinese leadership is growing further, and according to our innovation center's exclusive monitoring data, August 2019 is a mobile phone (including glory)
The sales ring ratio continues to rise, with an increase of nearly 39 per cent and a 22 per cent stock share. The strategic collaboration between the two sides, reflected in the content area, is that mangotv's fine content will be injected into the video, and the video will open up a full entrance to mangotv, building a common access point for mangotv.
The quality content distribution capacity of Mangotv, based on hardware holdings, is likely to further expand its ability to reach mobile end users. And, on the big screen, the end-point growth of the newly released Chinese smart screen in September 2019 is likely to increase further.
The dynamic content partner, Mangotv, has developed on a big screen. New media operations have led to a sustained increase in revenue, and innovative models are still being tried out – the Internet video business + the operator's business revenue contribution has been increasing, with the company's 1h19th share of revenue.
The speed of growth was 10.4 per cent, consisting mainly of the operation of new media platforms (Internet videos and operators), interactive content production in new media, and retail media.
As the only video site platform in the industry with iptv and ttgs, which have been built together, the number of license plates has risen to $565 million, or 41.1 per cent, compared to the 41.1 per cent increase in the year, the company also published the Mangang Plan on 24 August 2019, and Mangotv will do so.
Open up more than 70 homemade arts, including S-class art, "Daughter's Love 2, " Wife's Wave 3, " Star Trek", "Star Detective 5" and so on, as well as more than 40 video dramas to incubate the core content of the mango kol, which will be delivered in cooperation with platforms such as Boeing Lives, Wives, Fast Hands, Mushroom Street, etc.
Sales, and it's expected that the future media retail business will change considerably. Among them, the new blend, " How do you look? " , has now started a nationwide selection, recruiting kol (net red) from a variety of fields, such as lifestyle, make-up, beauty, healthy food and emotional healing.
We're going to “renovate” our guest, and we're going to be taking the first test of the net red belt model. Figure 53: Mango supermoderator 2017 to 1h19 operating income. Figure 54: Mango supermoderator 2017 to 1h19 operating income.
The income of the media, mango visions, mango entertainment, etc. The income of the women media, mango visions, mango entertainment, etc.
▪ As the first Internet video platform to make a profit, the company’s overall profitability continues to improve and its operating rates are stable. In 2018 and 1h19, the company achieved net return profits of 866 million yuan and 804 million yuan, respectively, compared to their competitors, which grew by 21.0 per cent and 40.3 per cent, respectively.
In recent years, Mango excess content costs have been lower and income has become more diversified, so the overall Māori ratio of the company has been higher within the industry at 37.0 per cent in 2018 and at 40.8 per cent in 1h19, respectively.
In the case of media, mango visions, mango entertainment, etc., there is a net profit for the mother.
Main profit scale subjects such as media, mango vision, mango entertainment, etc. Main profit scale subjects such as media, mango vision, mango entertainment, etc. Key assumptions: Mau of 1 mangotv is expected to grow steadily since the mau base at this stage
Smaller, coupled with high-quality content (theatrical and the arts), there is still much room for growth.2 The advertising income component, the Mangotv-multicultural content quality advantage, is still maintained and is expected to continue to improve, especially with the integration of home-grown networks, which are new and soft and growing.3 Members ' income component, which is expected to increase further.
The level of single-paying user fees has steadily increased. 4 Operator operations are expected to continue to expand, iptv and ott base package operations are expected to deepen their penetration mainly in Hunan Province, while value-added package operations are expected to continue to expand out of the province.
Figure 60: Disaggregated income projections for Mango super-mango operators (sub-provincial)  Key assumption: copyright inputs in Internet video costs continue to grow at a relatively rapid pace, with faster growth in the two remaining parts of the three parts of the Hunan television stations where copyright, home-made and external copyright is purchased, and Mango super-movemented.
Reliance on Hunan TV is gradually decreasing. 2 Other costs, such as employee remuneration, technical costs, etc., are illustrated in Figure 61: Disaggregated Data for Mango SuperMāori Forecasting. Mau and dau and related data for user drawings are monitored by their own technology.
Policy monitoring risks. The General Directorate of Radio and Television is more closely monitoring the content of the polytechnics and video dramas.
Given the macro-environmental impact, the company’s advertising business may have generated 23.09% of the company’s revenue from related transactions in 2018.
- Inventory impairments and the risk of bad accounts receivable. Companies may not be able to obtain it through record-keeping, lack of access to production licences, completion of production, etc.
If so, the company’s business performance may be affected, resulting in a risk of stock impairment and bad accounts receivable.