In the wake of the 5-g wave, deep-deep content helps to create a new culture of entertainment - the Mango Supermix (300413.sz) depth report - the Mango Supermix: deep-deep content helps to create a new ecology of entertainment
On December 4, 2019, the company’s capacity for quality self-control continued to be realized, and the content matrix gradually improved.
The company has the capacity to visualize the entire industrial chain. The company has a strong mastery system, with 10 front-line S-levels in the first half of 2019, and the E-E-E-E-E-S index ranked first. In 2020, 17 S-level and 12 home-made C-O-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-
A new set of dramas has been developed jointly by the Ministry, the reverse increase in the investment in video shows and the optimization of web-based broadcasting, and next year's platform drama is expected to make a breakthrough, with Mango super-magnets showing relatively deep 300 performances. The company has a “one screen” full Internet terminal, with a significant advantage over other video platforms at the iptv/ott end.
The online video platform, Mangotv, is in the position of second-tier leader, with 15.1 million members up to 2019h1 and the content bank expanding as the level of self-contained capacity grows, and its membership is expected to continue to grow. On the television end, Hunan's Broadband Powered Sun runs the iptv/ott business, and the company introduces a move as a second-largest shareholder, both of whom will have access to the channel content and user funds.
The company’s content can be cashed through members, advertising, shipping, distribution of content, etc., with a wealth of liquidity, both in terms of asset turnover and profitability.
Value. Corporate advertising grew in the first half of 2019, largely because of the variety and variety of advertising products, and in the design of advertising products, the company has taken advantage of the traditional media transformation by proposing the marketing concept of a “human yard” and launching the “Magang company's main data” (2019.12.3)
The plan is to use kol to bring goods for full distribution, to promote full advertising to a greater degree, and to better integrate the content of mango tv, with a clear positioning of the user group of young women, and to enhance the ability of the advertising community to realize. The video industry is expected to experience a gradual increase in the prices of members of the video platform as it moves towards higher upstream costs.
After the actor’s limited pay, the overall production costs have fallen, and the prices of the drama have fallen, helping to reduce pressure at the firm’s cost and cash flow levels. Another video platform member’s prices are expected to rise slowly, lower discounts, increase the share of front-end payments, company-owned polytechnics are rich in resources, content matrices are gradually refined, and the platform’s user groups are more sticky and are expected to benefit the industry as a whole.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
36 times and 30 times, looking at the high growth of the company's track and the layout of the company's recreational ecology, giving an “uptake” rating. Catalysts of stock prices: member price increases, advertising market warming, company platform wiretap exclusives, iptv/ott business expansion risk factors: member price increases are lower than expected; macro environment continues to deteriorate, advertising revenues are lower than expected; upstream factor prices
The core view/investment logic. China’s Internet has undergone a shift over the past decade from a flow-based to a cash-based approach, and our video industry has experienced a huge influx of funds, rapid price increases, and performances.
While the Internet video industry, which is at a crossroads, is affected by both end-flow and upstream supply, it is also using the power of the Internet to influence and change the traditional video industry. The Internet video industry is at a turning point where downstream traffic dividends are being reduced, upstream factor prices are falling, and video platforms are not yet possible.
Taking advantage of the industry’s pricing power, the platform is moving upstream with its capital and user advantage, the platform is now home-grown and home-grown, and the platform is also developing investments in artist brokerage and drama, with the possibility of further controlling upstream costs in the future. Users are gradually accepting payments for favorite content.
In contrast to other platforms that relied on substantial capital investment to expand their flows, Mangotv, a new media company that transformed traditional media, relied on its own unique mix of art and drama to attract users of the original channel (Hunannan Watch), seeking a balance between the cost of the content and the flow of its realization, and using a strategy to expand the copyright base of content as its goal.
User services, rather than expanding the larger user base through multi-grade content. This business strategy, which seeks to be extremely roi, has made Mangotv the country’s first profitable video platform.
To improve, and unlike other Internet platforms, Mangotv's advertising competitiveness remains strong, with a reverse growth in H1 in 2019, and companies are still in the process of innovation in advertising products, introducing the marketing concept of “man on the ground”, introducing the maximum use of the pip content impact of the Great Mangang Project, and working with the Tokyo Administration to reduce the shopping decision-making process and accomplish the goal of advertising that combines the effects through kol's second dissemination on the Internet.
At present, we believe that mangos have the following competitive advantages: (a) a strong and sustainable content self-contained capacity; (b) a profound understanding of commercial realization by traditional media sources (a rich, and former, advertising product layout); and (c) a licensing advantage of 3, iptv/ott, which is most likely to be completed in the 5-g era at large screen terminals.
(b) The high growth and the layout of the company's recreational ecology, with an “enhancement” rating.2 The macroeconomic environment continues to deteriorate and advertising revenues fall short of expectations;3
I. Mango supermedia: the country’s high quality and scarce Internet video platform,1 company profile: the new media listed under the Hunan banner, Mango supermedia, a company listed under the Hunan banner, and Mango media, which now owns 64.2% of the company’s shares and has control, ultimately controls the Hunan Radio and Television.
As a former pleasure buying business, mainly in television shopping, and a major asset reorganization in 2018, Mango media, a major shareholder, injected five companies (Happy Sunshine, Mango Recreation, Leisure Media, Mango Film, Mango Recreation) into their assets and, upon completion of the reprogramming, happily bought the name Mango Super. The major shareholder signed an agreement with the listed public department, and Hunanbei saw the online copyright of his exclusive television programme broadcast between 2018 and 2020 as $451 million, $496 million and 546 million, respectively.
In May 2019, the company introduced Chinese capital transfers as shareholders by means of targeted surges, with the aim of collecting liquid funds and moving together to expand users and channels. The latter is China's Mobile Holdings Investment Corporation, established in November 2016 with a registered capital of 20 billion yuan, which is responsible mainly for industrial investment for China's movement.
After the completion of this increase, the middle- and middle-sized capital became the company’s second-largest shareholder, holding 4.37% of Mango SuperMechanism. Telecommunications operators have significant advantages in terms of users and household entrances, Mango SuperMechanism requires China’s mobile telecommunications infrastructure and user channels, and telecommunications operators also need to develop their own content operations to prevent being simply ducted by ott (overthetop) applications, and it is expected that China’s movement will increase their collaboration with Mango Super-Mongo in such operations as telecommunication value-added services and iptv/ott.
The company’s operations now include the operation of new media platforms, the production of interactive media content, and the retailing of media, in which the new media platforms operate as the company’s main revenue. The company, after major asset restructuring, has an all-vision industry chain, including collectors, content production, and broadcast platforms, and has the same control.
Reorganization has no post-consolidation management issues and high-quality assets are expected to have 1+1>2 co-operational capabilities. New media platform operations include Internet video operations (the platform is mangotv) and operator operations (ott/iptv operations and telecommunications value-added operations), with mangotv as the core platform, covering the entire end of the Internet, including pc, mobile, big screens (ott/iptv), etc.
The company’s new media platform operates with happy sunshine, with income realized mainly through membership and advertising. Members’ operations fall within the scope of the Internet value-added business, and members’ users enjoy a wide range of platform privileges, such as free advertising, watching membership videos, and other membership rights and interests.
New media interactive content productions include content production, copyright operations, entertainers, content investment, and the creation of a mango super-magnetic content bank, which is to be reorganized into happy sunshine, mango fun, daily entertainment media, mango visuals, mango entertainment and so forth.
Copyrights, etc., provide technical support for the operation and interactive marketing of mango games and games (Hunnan Watch) and electric competitions, sales, entertainment media are mainly engaged in entertainer brokerage, youth idols, mango cinemas are mainly used in television dramas, mango entertainment is owned by the entire industry, entertainers, film investment, and film-sharing.
Financial analysis: New media operations drive rapid revenue growth The company is now in a very high pace and long term, with a rapid increase in total revenue. Total operating income of $9.661 billion, an increase of 16.8 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the rapid growth of new media operations, a decline of $8.232 billion, or 14.6 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the structural nature of media sales end earnings.
There has been a certain decline in the adjustment, on the one hand, and a delay in the recognition of part of the revenue due to the delay in the broadcast of the programme. Figure 22016-2019q3 company operating income (millions of dollars) shows an upward trend in the company’s Māori rate, mainly due to the increase in the Māori rate for Internet video platform operations.
As a result, after 2018, the Māori rate was driven mainly by an increase in the Māori rate of the new media operating platform, with a total Māori rate of 40.8 per cent, mainly as a result of an annual increase in the Māori rate of the new media operating platform, from 2018h1, the conversion of Māori from mpp to Māori to Māori and an annual increase in security margins, indicating effective corporate control over the cost of the content of the video platform, and a higher Māori rate of iptv/ottto to Māori to Māori to Māori to Māori to Māori to Māori to Māori to Māori to Māori to Māori to Māori to Māori to Māori to New media operating platform, mainly as a result of an annual increase in the annual increase in the rate of Māori to Internet video operating activities, from 2018h to Mpp to Māori to Māori to Māori to Māori to Māori to Māo to Mā to Māo to Mā to Mā to Mā to Mā to Mā to Mā to Mā to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M... to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M to M.
In terms of performance, profitability has continued to increase, with the happy sunlight of Internet platform operators gaining a profit in 2017 and increasing profitability since then, with profits of 866 million yuan in 2018, an increase of 21 per cent over the same period, a net interest rate of 9.6 per cent, a net profit increase of 20 per cent over the previous three quarters of 2019, and a net interest rate of 11.85 per cent over the other figure of 82015-2017 (billions).
Figure 9 Comparison of the operating costs of the company with the revenue ratio of the Aichi culture company has sufficient cash in the short term to introduce external capital to ease the pressure on cash flows. As can be seen from the figure below, the company had negative cash flows until 2018, cash flow deficits were covered by investment cash flows, mainly through large-scale recovery of property, and 2019q2 brought in capital as an external investor to ease the strain on cash flows through the financing of cash flows
Second, the video platform industry: there is still much room for payment, and the industry will pick up costs, and the growth of long video traffic will slow, but there is still much room for growth in industry revenues.
Since 2018, the expansion of Internet traffic in China has slowed, the Internet industry as a whole has entered the second half, and the industry’s logic has shifted from a newcomer driven by the growth of traffic to a more active user. For the video platform industry, the industry’s mau is growing slowly, the head platform is approaching the number of users of the ceiling, the annual growth rate of Aichimau has now reached a single number of digits, and the growth logic of the video platform has been transformed from an expansion in the number of users to an increase in user fees.
Figure 11 Size of mobile Internet active users in China Figure 12 Number of major video platforms mau (millions)
The payment was extended to include a single film, which now pays for specific high-demand content such as fans, such as a video troupe to pay $30 for early broadcast of the second five assembly orders, and if the broadcast is completed within a normal week, subscriptions will cost 20 dollars to buy members, and then the stand will pay 30 more per user on the basis of a membership fee, over 2.5 million more in two days, and the video tweak will profit more than 75 million others on the end of the troupe order.
The video platform is also being followed up by the 3-dollar bill for members of the Mangotv Big Detectives ip series Nznd Ice Breaker, the 10-dollar fee for non-members, the 18-dollar fee for early viewing of "You Without Secrets " , and the 12-dollar fee for early viewing of " Tomorrow Moon As My Heart " .
There is still room for growth in the total revenue of the video platform industry, and the current rate of payments by users of the platform is still low. By 2019q3, the rate of payments for the Aichi arts was 22.2%, the number of users paid was out of 100 million and the number of users rose by 5 million in the first quarter of 2019q3, and growth slowed largely because of the lack of quality content in q3, which was expected to continue to grow at a higher level as the stock became online. The netflix rate was over 90% compared to the mature United States market, taking into account the differences in business patterns at home and abroad.
The external video site, whose income is based solely on membership income without advertising revenue as part of the platform ' s coverage costs, and the business model, which is more similar to the traditional cable television, and our video platform, which is in a three-pronged pattern, we believe that there is still room for growth in video membership in the country, with over 30 per cent pay penetration, with over 150 million members expected in three years for both Achicchi and Tetsu ' s head video level.
Upstream advertising is more influenced by economic factors and short videos, and in the future the point of innovation and structural adjustment of the different types of advertising in video platforms. In times of economic recession, the top advertisers cut off the revenue budgets of brand advertising, and the main advertisers are more biased towards the effect of advertising that yields real benefits. This is also the main reason for the decline in advertising revenues from long video platforms, represented by Aichi art, because long video platforms are naturally suitable for brand advertising, for example, when branding is promoted more often in 2014.
In addition to the fact that short video captures the share of advertising, according to Irey's projections, the share of short video advertising in 2020 is likely to exceed the share of long video. In response, the long video platform is also making positive changes in advertising products, such as Aichi, which is promoting the flow of information.
It is expected that advertisements, such as billboards, ads, etc., will gradually shift to content implants, and that the main types of advertisements will be enriched and that, as the economic landscape rises, advertising on video platforms with headlines will benefit first.
Our video platform, which has gone through three stages of anti-piracy, copyright, and differential competition, is now moving towards increased roi and ecological competition. Our video platform has now formed three ladders, the first of which is the Achilles, the coolest and the troupe video, which is part of Bat, and the first of which is much higher in terms of user size, the number of users paid and the cost of content.
Two or three teams, Mau at an average of 500 million and more than 50 million paid members, form the three-legged model of our video platform, the second with mangotv and Bilibili, which are significantly different from the first, in terms of video content and user groups, mainly using a refined operating model, Mau at an average of 100 million, the third with pp, Micah videos, music, etc., and smaller user sizes, content reserves, etc.
2005-2009: In 2005, there were a number of video platforms, such as music, 56 webs, potatoes, etc., which encouraged the uploading of videos by users at an early stage. The video content also consisted mainly of the ugc content, which was mainly the role of the manager, but many users moved the content of the video drama to the video site due to the limitations of equipment and technical means to produce the video, the boundaries of the pirated original were blurred, and the platform was not regulated due to the lack of legal integrity, and the entire video industry was in a rough position.
2009-2014: The Internet video industry has grown significantly, capital inflows have begun, awareness of the litigation and malign competition between platforms brought about by piracy, most video platforms have begun to purchase video copyrights, dominated by the ugc-led model into the pgc model, but user-oriented fees are still dominated by later charges, and users do not pay for content directly. This phase is dominated by pc, and mobile video platforms are still in the user-pudding phase.
2014-2018: A further influx of capital has led to a shortage of expensive copyrights, the start of a major video platform copyright war, a doubling of copyright costs, and a gradual decline in integrated video platforms with copyright competitions (e.g. a search for fox videos), creating a three-pronged situation of love from a bad background. At the same time, video platforms have opened up to explore self-generated content to achieve a diversity of platform content, and in 2015 the Achi culture self-made " Sequestration Notes " has met with an unprecedented response, and in July of the same year, Aichi culture launched a pay-for-member program.
This phase is dominated by a mobile end, with a 4g network significantly lowering the video viewing threshold, moving the end-of-the-month activity rapidly rising, replacing pc as the main end.
After a year of industry adjustment, we believe that the Internet long video industry will gradually undergo the following marginal changes in the future.
Upstream factor costs are falling, platform controls are increasing over the entire upstream production end, and cost caps are expected to emerge. For one reason: before the massive capital influx, more than one billion dollars in capital went down to 40-50 million. For two reasons: Video platforms are stronger in the industrial chain, and the platform is stepping up its participation in the artist broker layouts for cost reasons, hysterics, incubators, home-run industrial chains, such as Aichi, working with the Liu Tianli performing workshop to launch the Actors Training Plan, which is now on-line.
Differing home-made content is increasingly important for the platform. Single-platform pay-outs have reached 100 million members, user willingness to pay has been nurtured, and differential content has become the main reason for users’ loyalty to the platform, especially the emerging one-simple payment model, which tests the attractiveness of content to users.
The platform’s future membership is sunk in the market. Sinking markets account for more than 600 million users, more than half of the total Internet population, use more than non-sunk market users per capita, and grow faster, with industry generally recognizing the sunk market as the next growth point.
Figure tgi = monthly active penetration rate for a target group of users starting an application classification divided by the full Internet penetration rate for mobile Internet industries in March 192019
Monthly active penetration rate for the application of the classification*100 III. Corporate operations: improving the content matrix, building a new ecology for the New Mango 1, platform end: the gap between the mpp end mangotv and the Bat platform is gradually narrowing
The company uses Mangotv as its core platform, with channels covering the entire Internet terminal, with the largest number of mobile end users. The company has built a "Cloud Screens" master platform, covering mobile phones (mbile), pd, pc (mpp), tv, iptv, ttt, etc., as well as a limited number of licence plates, such as an ot platforms licence plate, an internal iptv control plate and a ott content service license, resulting in a "Cloud + Multiple Screens" end-strategic deployment with apps, web TV, content ecos, etc.
Figure 20 Mangotv “one cloud” system. Mangotv traffic growth is significantly higher than industry, and the gap with Bat is gradually narrowing. According to musertracker, Mangotv was unique as of August 2019.
The number of units increased by 48.7% from the same year to the same month, with an overall increase of 54.1% from the same month’s effective use, significantly higher than the industry’s growth rate, making it a full-time growth in industry flows. In September 2019, the company’s full platform broke through 72 million, as an Internet company transformed from a traditional media platform, media integration was impressive, and in 2019 the mangotv operator ranked 20th among the national Internet company’s happy sunshine, an increase of 10 from last year’s, showing Mangotv’s growing importance in the industry.
In terms of content types, companies display a different content orientation in terms of content-based and refined content-based selections, and the proportion of women and young users of the platform is significantly higher than that of other video platforms in the industry.
In the first half of 2019, according to bone data, the entire network was launched in a total of 49, 13 fewer than in the previous year, and in the first half of the year, Mangotv went online in 18 of them, 10 of them.
Mango tv is rich in variety and innovative and often leads to new types of art. Mango tv has a unique style that is different from that of the other players in the market.
Mangotv became a distinct level from the Bat video platform, with Mangotv's own network broadcast in the first half of 2019 entering 1 billion + and becoming a market hard currency in the copyright exchange market. Mangotv has already gained a preponderant advantage in the production of “Friendly Soul.”
New, ipated, serialized trends are evident, with data from Mango's official advertising booklets showing that the Romantic Travel of the Wives shows 4.6 billion (with data on the end of Mango tv only) and the first quarter of Daughters in Love shows 1.3 billion, followed by micro-plays such as My Loved Women, Newborn Diaries, Adults on the way to reality shows, and Mango tv constantly raises the barriers to competition on core ips.
The platform's poppets have become industry poles, with a total of $2.19 billion in the first half of the 20th episode of the black horse's "Nihoboss to marry me" showing a total of 1.38 billion.
The screenplays include "We all want to be good," "Youth" and "Good Time" on the S-level network. The audience type, "I don't know what's going on in the mountain moon," "Young Doo" on the ip screen, which is unheated, and the high quality of the selected series, which demonstrates the ability to select the platform.
With the ability of the Hunan Guard to perform the most extraordinary dramas, such as Chucho, Flower Bones, Cochtan, the beautiful Lee Hue-jin, the Neo-Star Garden, etc., all come from the theatre, which was the first of its kind in 2015-2017, and the first in 2018, with an average audience of 600 million per year, the network is connected to the cumulative audience of Mangotv's seamless link to the south of the lake, reinforcing the Mangotv brand.
The number of women and men watching the theatre at the time of the festival at the age of 25 shows the age of the theatre at the age of 26, relying on the mango ecology, using production resources such as the in-house artist for the production and operation of the production of the series, and making the entire ecological connection.
In this sense, mangos have a much earlier control capacity over upstream elements in the area of disaggregation than the Bat platform. Corporate reversibility has become the largest projection of film shows in the market between 2017 and 2019, when Mangotv, on the one hand, dramatically expanded its own screen set.
Incubating its own ip visualization, incubating mango super-momental artists, and, on the other hand, investing in the production of the film and the ip production, working within the industry with a number of head-vision directors to develop strategic collaborations, such as viewing, video-vision, video-showing, entertainment, video-showing for the Xinse century, perfect video, etc., and searching for high-quality drama projects.
"The next stop is happiness." "In the name of the family, I'm with us."
The 2020 platform set will build on the consolidation of the core circle to expand and enrich the subject matter, radiate more users, enhance the presentation, and fully activate the "418" format. Mangotv will set up the city, suspense, and old-styling fairy warriors, and will continue to innovate in the content of the deep-deep interactive play. In 2019, it will launch the first multi-culture ip-derived "interactive micro-play" called "Students of the Big Star."
Man 2 represents a number of interactive plays. Four theatres will be created on the air, with at least one s-level series produced on a quarterly basis, to ensure a steady increase in platform traffic throughout the year. 3. Ecology: good assets injected into the entire industry chain, good assets injected into the public company, mango super-moved with mango tv at its core, with video productions, artist brokers, game development, advertising marketing, terminal broadcast.
Mango Entertainment is a game business and an interactive marketing business. Game operations include game ip collaboration, game development and distribution, products covering mobile single-machine games, mobile network games, web games, etc., and game ip authorization is the most important game business, with companies charge mainly for authorized bottom and streaming charges, and game ip
From 2015 to 2017, the profits from mango recreational income increased steadily. In 2017, the gross proceeds from mango recreation amounted to 150 million yuan (youy+65%), the net profit from the mother was 4.96 million (youy+240%) and the net interest rate was 31.43%.
Figure 27 Mango Recreation Business Income (million yuan) and Growth in Mango Recreational Mothers (million yuan) and Growth in Mango Recreation in 2015-2017
From 2015 to 2017, Mango entertainment generated 633 million yuan (Yoy+73%) in business income and a net return of 30.5 million yuan (Yoy+11.6%) at a net interest rate of 4.8%, the main source of income was television drama, which was 70% in 2017.
Figures 29, 2015 - 2017, Mongo entertainment revenues (million yuan) and growth rates, 30, 2015 - 2017, Mongo entertainment net profit (million yuan) and acceleration
At the operational level, Mango is a major player in the organization of production, as well as in the production of investment in theatres, such as the palace, the curtains of the palace, the wind, the gynaecology and obstetrics of love, the girls of the cyclone, the beautiful Lee Huixian, etc. Mango is considered to be the sole producer and coordinator of resources for the custom theatre “when the youth takes place”.
Mango visions have now developed a complete operating structure with project, creation, distribution, commerce, publicity, copyright, technology, finance, artist functions, specialized production and promotion teams, and well-developed distribution channels, adequate technical equipment, mature studios, and the country's first indoor film base, Mango studio, which is capable of producing films and films of all kinds on its own and of carrying out the ecological development of the whole industry around ip.
Net profit of $4.42 million (-18 per cent), net interest rate of 5.62 per cent, net interest rate of the previous year of 9.33 per cent, a decrease of 3.71 percentage points from the previous year, Leisure Media, a large youth image entertainment company whose main business includes artist brokers, production of programmes and video theatres, other wireless value-added authorized businesses, and the launch of a show entitled " Elephant Woman ' s Voice " , " Happy Men ' s Voice and Happy Women ' s Voice " , with a central development orientation in the work of entertainers who build youth idols, and its expansion to film and art fairs.
In the industry, under-contracting artists include such well-known artists as Huaming Woo, O-Hau, the White Platform, Zhang Xinxing, Fan Shiqi, and martial arts. Artists' brokerage and programming and film productions contributed the main income. In 2017, the entertainment media achieved a total income of $490 million (youy+16%) and a net return profit of $120 million (yoy+531%), with a net interest rate of 24.45%, of which artists' brokers and programmes and film productions earned more than 90%.
Figure 33 Recreational media revenue (millions of yuan) and growth rate, 2015-2017
Mangotv is based on unique content and distinct user groups, and advertising revenues are rising. Despite a slowdown or decline in advertising on the 2019h1 video platform, companies maintain an equal rate of 62%, with more than 70% of the revenue from quality advertising and nearly 200 brand advertisements, an increase of 14%, indicating that advertisers view Mangotv content as influential and cashing levels among specific users.
Figure 352017-2019h1 Members' and advertising earnings (millions of yuan) We believe that the main reasons for the upturn in Mangotv advertising are: Mangotv’s softness is relatively high and is not influenced by the growth of membership. Softness refers mainly to the implantation of advertising, the confluence is the main vehicle for advertising, and the mangotv industry is leading.
The quality and quantity of the advertising carrier are guaranteed by the ability to channel it. For the hard side, the member’s right to be free of advertising directly results in a relative decline in the stock of pre-film advertisements, while the soft side is not limited by this restriction. As the amount and interest of the company’s overall content increase, the amount of the annual offer continues to be a large share of the soft mangotv’s marketing technology, which enriches the advertising product.
For example, in the Big Star, the program team integrates the ad brand opo into the drama, using the role of the "Inspector of the Case," and exposes the brand repeatedly and frequently.
For single ip, mangos digs for the commercial value of the show by means of short-term pip+star short-term speech + downline, while providing branding theatre models that allow brands to choose a topic and concentrate their time to promote, over a period of one to two months.
In terms of the application of new technologies, the Mango data centre has been upgraded to better position the population. At the beginning of 2019, the Mango model of content delivery was compiled manually.
The transfer to a combination of artificial intelligent distribution and editorial recommendations resulted in an increase of over 20 per cent in vv per capita, an increase of 6.08 per cent in the market per capita, an increase of over 50 per cent in the first page click conversion rate, an increase in the efficiency of the distribution of content, the upgrading of the Dmp data centre for mango and a more accurate classification of user profiles, which helped to increase advertising conversion rates.
Mangotv’s own differentiated user group allows advertising to be more targeted and more efficient. The platform has a high percentage of female and young user labels. According to the Questmobile data, Mangotv is fifth in the Questmobile age, fourth in the app list for women, and the ratio of high consumer capacity among mango users is higher than the industry average, so the platform attracts advertisers from a wide range of products such as 3c, makeup, mother and child, travel, food beverages, etc.
The number of members is a direct reflection of users’ acceptance of content, and as the copyright base of the company continues to grow, the income from the company’s members’ business has grown rapidly. As of 2019h1 mangotv payments reached 1.51 million members, an increase of 4.26 million from the beginning of the year, with a Dau average of 47.36 million and an increase of 11.79 million over the same period last year.
The real value, after 2018, is a member's income*2/(initial membership + end membership + arpu's value is less than the real value due to membership acceleration)
Table 10 Sensitivity measure of income of paid members IV. Competitive advantage: advanced content self-made and efficient content realization efficiency Mangotv super-mango self-manufacturing is the result of direct replication and up-to-date development of the mature media group model, which is out of the traditional mature media group Hunan Wire, operating fast.
The content innovation needs to be backed up by a matching system, and Hunan Broadband has been reformed three times to create an institutional model adapted to modern media groups. For the first time, it has been expanded to create the cultural creative ecology of Hunan Broadband; for the second, it has been integrated to reduce internal consumption; and for the third, it has been managed separately from content and channels to establish a “double platform”
In 1993, the first reform began, with the establishment of the Huannan Vision, the Director of Ouyang Chang Lin, and the launch of such famous films as "Rejuge, the Better the Better." The perceived success forced the Old Hunan Television to initiate a series of reforms: the withdrawal of ten departments and the appointment of young people to six centres in the upper part of the system.
In order to solve the problem of financing the construction of a video city, in 1999 Hunan Radio and Media was listed, and the world window, the sea floor world, the international convention centre, the Saint-Face Hotel, among others, was created as a model for the creation of the Mabarang culture.
A second reform began in 2002 to address the problem of the large number of internal channels and resource constraints within the Broadband, with the establishment of a television drama management centre and an advertising management centre, price management, and intensive operation. In 2006, the Hunan Vigilance Watch continued to run the provincial watch. In 2010, a third reform was launched, following the separation of the superiors, the Hunan Radio Station was established as a channel for broadcasting only, and Mango was set up.
Media, content production companies under the banner, such as Mango Shadows, Mango Entertainment, etc. In 2014, the “Emerging Media Integration Development” approach was implemented, with the creation of an Internet video platform, Mangotv, which defines the strategic layout of the “Hunan Vigilance, Mangotv's `double platform', and media-wide development.” Hunan Guanghua under the banner of Huananjiang has a strong content and brand power.
In 2017, Hunan Watch was the first in nine consecutive years, the second in 2018, and the second in the first half of 2019. Figure 41 2014-2019h1 led by Mangotv's core creative team inherited the genes of Hunan Radio.
tv shares content-making ecology with Hunan Watch, such as the rich creative studios around Mount Mabarang, which provide sufficient fresh blood for Mangotv. We believe that the company’s current capacity to control itself has been consistently realized, that reliance on the content bank at Hunan Tower has been gradually reduced, and that it is even expected to counter-feed in the future, for the following main reasons:
On the basis of Mangotv's “home-made plus selection” strategy, and the re-profiling publication's statement on the reasonableness of the replenishment price, we assume that the current Mongotv home-made and copyrighted content input yields little difference. On this assumption, Mangotv and Hunanguard will not be able to maintain the output rate of content after the expiration of the 2021 agreement if they are to maintain the output rate of content, nor if they are to reduce roi because of the increase in the value of the major shareholder content, the mango's own-making capacity needs to be strong enough to fill the gap and make it a selection.
The assumption is based on the ratio of vv values of the Replenishment programme to the vv values of the Mango tv platform, which corresponds to the ratio of the Replenishment programme price to the amount of copyrights purchased for the Happy Sun as a whole, and on the fact that Mango tv uses an outsourcing “selection” model, which may be abandoned if the content costs are too high, so let's assume that the input for each element of Mango tv is received.
So far, the company's own content has been scaled up, and in 2020 there was a wealth of amphibious arts and dramas.
Table 15 tv shows series 2 for 2020, which has developed a mature programme production path for the core polytechnics. On the leading pro-multicultural groups, companies have developed a pool of resources that can effectively combine start-up funds, major start-up teams, polytechnics, promotional resources, commercialization, etc., to ensure the continued output of high-quality programmes.
In terms of building talent, the company introduced the studio system, which has been coordinated with the Hunan Watch studio. Beginning in 2018, Hunan Watch authorized two groups of 12 workers to take over Mangotv work, encouraging the internal studio to share excellent talent with Mangotv, while Mangotv operates in a marketed manner, “innovation mechanisms” plus the Award.
The mechanism + “competition mechanism” model provides a space for the self-development of talent and has succeeded in retaining a large pool of good talent.2 Efficient content realization efficiency makes companies more diverse in their means of realization than other firms in the industry. There are four means of realizing their content: member income, advertising revenue, operator business and content distribution.
Compared to Aichi culture, the way companies realize their business is much more than operators, and there is a marked difference in the share of each income: 48.6% are members of Aichi culture, well above 15% of Mango, and only 6.8% are members of the Aki culture distribution business, while Mango excess media is 29.4%, which is also an indication of the company’s strong capacity to control itself.
From the realization results, Mangotv was profitable as the country’s first profitable video platform in 2017. The video platform is content-based, and Mangotv’s asset generates income from Internet video platform revenue (member+advertisement), operator platform revenue (ott/iptv), and Internet new media content production revenue.
The cost of content is included in the cost-sharing between Internet video platform revenue and the production of new media content (licensing distribution), while the cost of the operator platform revenue includes only the cost of the share of telecommunications. Since companies do not disclose the specific amount of content costs (only 2,171 million yuan is available in 2018, and $3,144 million in cash flow is used to purchase copyrights without knowing the cost of self-financing), we use the full asset turnover rate.
In terms of advertising realization, the company’s marketing philosophy is ahead of schedule, introducing ecological concepts into marketing. The company proposes a multi-channel marketing ecological concept, with the brand and Mangotv to construct a content-based “human-good-field” marketing model, “field” to include online content scenes plus electricity vendors, underline content scenes+sales, and “persons” to include self-traffic kol and Ming.
Star, creating a multi-channel marketing model for traffic, driving social transformation online through kol around the p content flow centre, shortening consumer decision-making paths, and connecting the line-up-down through development channels.
On-line, in terms of “persons and content,” the company has launched the Great Man Plan, which is oriented towards the flow vents, with kol as the centre of content plus contentip providing one-stop marketing solutions for brands. The platform provides advertising owners with an ip-cooperative +kol-enabling marketing model, ranging from kol screening, creative production, placement strategy production to one-stop marketing solution for impact monitoring.
Syndication flows + multichannels: Targets for collaboration include major Internet platforms on the Internet + first line mcn, break through platform constraints, complete chain flow support, construct a disaggregated mango ip star +kol matrix. Data support: layout works in depth with third-party data platform companies to monitor brand volume changes and associated brand volume dimensions before, between and after release, full-scale
Validates the effect of branding. Provides a kol list of red people to inform brand marketing.
In addition to kol carrying goods, companies have built full-chain marketing closed doors to close brands to consumers at conversion nodes. In “channels and content”, Mango works with Kyoto to shorten consumer decision-making paths, to build closed marketing links, and to do so online with the help of off-line activities, and based on the company’s leading edge on iptv/ott, the home marketing scene is also part of the marketing ecology.
v. iptv/ott operations: in cooperation with China ' s mobile depths, with full licence operating qualifications 1, iptv/ott industry introductions, iptv/ott industries are non-free markets and have a license access system. The common point of iptv/ott is that the end set is a television and the signal is controlled by the General Directorate of Wide Electricity, and above
In order to ensure that the transmission process is controlled and to combat piracy, the Directorate-General of Electricity and Power has issued a series of documents establishing the current licensing system for the iptv and ott industries. The iptv and ott TVs have the same end-points as televisions and are transmitted via the operator’s network and settled in the same way (telecommunications operators settle and earn a share of revenue).
The iptv industry chain includes content provision, integrated broadcast control, signal transmission, etc., and consists mainly of content providers, license holders, platform operators, transmission system operators, end users, and terminal equipment providers. On the management structure, the iptv industry operates an integrated broadcast control platform at the “central + provincial” level.
The nuclear model, which builds the platform to develop users, and then distributes the license plates based on the test results, will facilitate the landing of the provincial platform iptv. The licence plate is now available in Guangdong, Hunan, Chongqing, and other provinces. The signal transfer licence plate of iptv is held by telecommunications and connected, and the movement is temporarily missing.
Figure 47iptv Industrial Chain Figure 48iptv Secondary Broadcasting Structure > Internet Television (ott) Industrial Chains include content provision, content service, integration service, transmission distribution, mainly content and service providers, cards
The Internet television programme is managed in an integrated service plus content service model that requires the approval of the General Directorate of Electricity and Electricity for the Internet content service platform and the integration service platform before it can be transmitted to the end user. Both platforms must be licensed, and 7 integrated service platform license plates and 16 content service units have been issued.
Figure 49ottv Industrial Chain Figure 50ottv Broadcasting Structure Table 1716 Internet Television Content Service license plates
Table 187 Internet Television Integration Service license plates Transfer network: iptv transmits using the operator's virtual network while ott transmits via the public Internet \triangleright
Provision of content: iptv content is provided jointly by television stations and third-party content providers and therefore can be viewed live, read back, on-demand, etc., while ott content is provided by content service holders, which are not allowed to view live content, as required, and can only be counted in the content repository. 2, iptv/ott industry pattern: Cable TV users decline faster and iptv/ott demand is expected to increase.
As of 2018q4, we had 447 million television users, including 223 million cable and television users, whose share fell to 49.89 per cent, with an accelerated annual decline, while the number of iptv/ott televisions continued to grow at a high rate of 48.2 per cent, while the number of users grew at a similar rate of 164 million, with 36.69 per cent. Second, the number of users of iptv rose by 27.1 per cent, and the number of users rose by 27.1 per cent.
Number of users of iptv (millions of households), figure 53, 2015-2018, figure 54, 2015-2018, number of users of ott (millions of households)
In 2018, the overall growth rate in the color television industry was about 3.4 per cent, with sales of about 43 million and a reversal of the decline, with smart television sales remaining at about 12 per cent, smart television holdings going to exceed 200 million in 2019 after several years of rapid growth in sales, while smart television connections are expected to reach 84 per cent in 2019.
In October 2018, the average viewing time was 9 minutes to 328 minutes more than in 2017. According to terminal equipment data, the demand side of the smart television market is increasing year by year, and there is still much room for potential users of iptv/ott.
Figure 56: China ' s smart television sales and growth rate 2014-2018: millions of smart TVs: 5g will boost the demand for big screen terminals. First, the low-time, high bandwidth of 5g will promote the spread of 4k and 8k videos, which are more suitable for viewing on big screens.
The second big screen will bring entertainment back to the family, and television, as an important portal to the home entertainment scene, will give technology a larger mission, and unattended television can be transformed into an intelligent screen that combines multiple functions and integration. According to China’s mobile 5g product plan, the smart screen is an important part of family entertainment.
River Internet TV co-sponsored the launch of Galactic Feathers, video tweaking in collaboration with the new media in the South, and video twilighting of the cibn coolness in partnership with the Gwangdong region. According to the Ovie Recreational Bulletin of December 2018 on the behaviour of users of the ott screen, the top four products are "Achigine " , "Television video" and "Mongotv."
There are currently two types of income patterns for the Internet platform ' s participation in the ott-end: membership: members purchased by users on television, content providers and license-holders, hardware parties split, in the case of Aichi culture, with Quaker members valued at $330 (after a fall), and the latter parties receive around $200.
> Operators: Telecommunications operators, acting as clearing houses, divide content providers according to the number of broadcast points, such as Mango tv operators.3 Mango tv has both content and full license advantages in iptv/ott operations Mongo tv has all license plates for the development of iptv/ott TV.
Happily Powered Sunshine operates at 1% of income per year to Hunan, so Mango tv can receive content plus license plates in iptv/ott operations, higher than pure content, working with operators to expand user resources. After moving capital to Mango super-momentation, the first changes to mangos may be to expand the coverage of iptv/ottend mangotv content using mobile network users and channel resources. As of 2019H1, company operators have covered 31 provincial administrative regions of the country, cooperating with provincial operators.
In addition to working with operators, companies have increased their iptv/ott operations through content customization and outreach to out-of-town operations. Operators have experienced rapid growth in operating income, mainly from the distribution of telecommunications operator channels. Companies and telecommunications operators have split their subscriptions to the iptv and ttt platforms. The base package includes back-to-back operations in the provincial iptv base, and the value-added package includes iptv and tttt's spot-to-telecom service.
Business video bases provide content, etc. The increase in revenue is driven mainly by the increased number of subscriptions, which became one of the major domestic operators of electricity as mangotv increased its copyright input, and the number of subscribers to company iptv and ott operations continued to increase between 2015 and 2017, with operators achieving $565 million in revenue from their operations, as shown in figure 622015-2017 for iptv/ott value-added package subscriptions.
The company’s revenues consist of three parts, income from new media platforms (membership, income, operator’s income), income from content production, and income from retail sales. The company’s home-made content will be enriched in the coming year by the introduction of 17 S-grade home-made and 12 fine arts, 5 focused online dramas and 13 fine online dramas, as well as by the expansion of the copyright pool, 10 copyrighted polygraphs and 13 copyrighted and 11 fine desktop dramas, and the income from membership and advertising vendors is expected to continue to increase in the coming year.
Members ' income, based on neutral expectations, grew by 0 per cent, 10 per cent, 10 per cent in 19-21 years, 18 million, 24 million at the end of the year, and in May 2019 the company introduced a move to be the second largest shareholder of the company, which is expected to increase the number of end-of-user broadcasts in the operator ' s business by using the advantage of a mobile channel, and public content production income, including copyright distribution and video investment income, which has an important bearing on the current year ' s income pace, and the trend towards non-monetization is becoming more evident.
The company is currently projecting investment projects with an assumption of 20 per cent, 15 per cent and 10 per cent increases in 19-21 years. Given that the company has not disclosed a small increase in the Maori rate, upstream actor costs are lower and operating costs are expected to decrease. (2) Cost rates are assumed to remain unchanged during the period.
(3) It is assumed that the performance bet will be complete. (4) It is assumed that the extraordinary gain/loss will remain at the 18-year level. (5) The bad debt and inventory impairment rates will remain at the previous year's level.
The company ' s high-quality and scarce target for a video platform, which looks at the high growth of the company track and the layout of the company ' s recreational ecology, enjoys a premium premium on the flagship valuation, and gives the media a “uptake” rating of the g value using a composite increase of 33.9 per cent in net profit return from 2018 to 2020, ranked as market value.2 The macro-environment continues to deteriorate, with advertising revenue below expectations;
The Sunda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for the securities investment advisory business approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.