"Big" opportunities in the silicon era - crystals engine power (300316.sz) The company is the lead in the country for general semiconductor equipment: crystals engine power for semiconductor materials in the country's leading industry.
led-line materials manufacturing company, 16 December 2020, for use in integrated circuits, solar photovoltaics, led, etc. downstream, summer relief
In the first half of 2020, the Department achieved operating income of $1.47 billion, resulting in a net profit of $276 million to the mother.
Silicon silicon: Integrated circuit silicon crystal circle manufacturing consists of silicon refining and smelting, single crystalline silicon growing, crystalline silicon forming three main links. The semiconductor silicon industry is characterized by high technical barriers, high financial inputs, high R & D cycles, high certification cycles, etc., with a high concentration of industries (cr 5 as high as 93%).
The size of the market for silicon tablets is about $11.2 billion; our market for semiconductor materials is about $992 million, of which 12 inches depend largely on imports.
In 2021, about 20.8 million new units (8 inches equivalent) were added, mainly from the Yangtze storage, Wuhan new core, China Rainbow, Samsung, and sk-Helice. In 2019, the total size of the global crystal market was $56.875 billion, recorded in the Chinese market alone.
Growth is positive; our market for integrated circuit replacements is $11.4 billion, or 20 per cent of the global total. Investment in semiconductor crystal-crystal manufacturing lines in the country totals more than $1.5 trillion, with $750 billion in construction/planning.
The domestic suppliers of semiconductor silicon tablets include Xinjiang, Chengzhou, Zhejiang, semiconductor, central ring shares, Shin and thermomagnets, among others, with a national production rate of less than 1% for large-scale semiconductor silicons, which is heavily dependent on imports. In 2018, the country produced 2.43 million pieces of crystal circle per month (equivalent to 8 inches of crystals).
Equipment: Crystal-crystal manufacturing equipment accounts for about 3-5% of the total investment in equipment, with single-crystal furnaces and cmp polishers accounting for about 25% and 25% of the crystal-crystal manufacturing equipment, respectively.
The company has already achieved semiconductor silicon crystals in long crystals, slices, polishes, extrapolated four cores, and the Annual Earmark Report: the layout of hand-ordered CPE products, which is currently in progress at about $501 million.
Photovoltaics: The continuing high demand for downstream expansion is expected to enter the “pay-a-day era” fully around the year. China Vision 2050 2019 predicts that the size of all light-voltage units will be ranked first in all power sources by 2030: cumulative loads by 2035
The size of the silicon is 3 billion kilowatts, or about 49% of the world’s total installed aircraft. Large silicon tablets: in pursuit of mitigation efficiency, the photovolt industry has a fast-paced technology, and the size of the silicon silicon chain is a trend that has not developed yet, which, on the one hand, will reduce its own costs and, on the other hand, will help to spread its share of wealth.
Silicon costs. Simultaneous equipment procurement needs boosted by the compatibility of equipment in the silicon “large” era. Expansion: with the gradual delivery of expanded capacity, oversupply will be difficult to change in the short term, but it will not stop the willingness of suppliers to expand up and down the industrial chain, which we believe is mainly due to the light industry.
In 2019, the size of the domestic monocrystal silicon increased to over 180gw. Equipment: monocrystal furnaces, openers, slicers, mills, etc. make core equipment for photovoltaic silicon, single-crystal furnaces, etc.
The value is about 70% to 80%. Assuming that the size of the investment in 1gw silicon equipment is 215 million yuan, the market size is about 38.7 billion yuan. The size of the controlled expansion of production is 83gw for Central Ring, Crystal Australia, Crystall, and Onboard, and the market is expected to be about 17.8 billion yuan for generating silicon equipment, of which the theoretical space for monocrystal furnaces is about 13 billion yuan.
1. Overview: the company sells the largest supplier of semiconductor equipment in the country.
1.1 Product composition: The leading supplier of semiconductor material and equipment in the country The crystals engine was established in 2006 and marketed in 2012 to manufacture high-technology enterprises for semiconductor material equipment and led-lined materials in the leading industry in the country. The company ' s products are semiconductor materials around silicon, silicon carbonide, sapphire, etc.
The company has three R & D centres with more than 400 R & D staff, research platforms such as the academic workstations, postdoctoral workstations, provincial priority institutes, single-crystals, multi-crystals, etc., which have been rated as new products of national priority.
The Silicon Grower was selected as the third single champion in manufacturing for four consecutive years, the top three of China's semiconductor equipment companies, with close to 400 national patents.
(a) Crystal processing equipment: single crystal silicon cutter, single crystal silicon stick grinding composite processor, multi-crystal silicon grinding chip one iglas processing equipment: slicer, polisher, grinder, side thrower;
Other equipment: extruding equipment, stacking components, automated production lines. Transistor semiconductor equipment was sold to industry on a scale that ranked first. In 2019, the country purchased its semiconductor equipment at a cost of US$ 134.50 billion, representing the world’s second largest semiconductor equipment market.
Statistics show that the Transistor Power is the largest supplier of semiconductor equipment in the country, with the second and third largest industry, North China, and Jianjia, respectively. The domestic semiconductor industry has made some breakthroughs in core technology, resource integration, and key common technologies, with some domestic suppliers becoming more competitive in the market.
1.2 Financial analysis: Sustained growth in downstream expansion performance Business growth and expansion in photovoltaic sector output. In 2015, firm operating income shifted from a steady recovery in 2014 to a high rate of growth, leading to a period of rapid growth in the size of the current harvest. In the first half of 2020, the public sector
The Division achieved operating income of $1.47 billion, an increase of 24.8 per cent over the same period; and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $276 million, an increase of 10.05 per cent over the same period. Of this, the expansion of silicon production in the photovoltaic sector resulted, on the one hand, from the further replacement of single crystals for polycrystals, while the trend of large silicons established that some of the stock lines were no longer compatible, leading to their creation.
In the area of semiconductor equipment, corporate products are gradually being recognized by downstream customers.
With respect to the marketing of Māori, there has been a downward trend in the combined sale of Māori by companies since 2015, with a historical high of about 54 per cent for crystalline silicon growing equipment and 33.98 per cent for the first half of 2020, with industry chain decomposition pressures present at the end of the equipment.
The sale of net crystalline silicon growing equipment is the largest contributor to the company’s income. Of the main business composition, crystalline silicon services accounted for about 13.8% and 5.37%, respectively, of revenues in the first half of 2020, with equipment upgrading services growing rapidly in recent years.
2. Semiconductor: achieves long crystals, slices, polishes, outer core product layout 2.1 silicon: about 80% of the country ' s 8 inch silicon/approx. 100% of the 12 inches of silicon are dependent on imports; silicon is the second-rich element of the Earth ' s crust, usually present in nature in the form of silicate, silicon dioxide, and is widespread.
In the 1960s, the silicon flatware process, led by silicon oxidation and expansive growth, led to the development of silicon integrated circuits. About 99% of integrated circuits, 95% of solar energy, and photovoltaics used silicon the most raw materials, using the most extensive semiconductor materials.
The crystal shape can be divided into single crystals and multiple crystals depending on the direction of the crystal crystal. • Silicon chips can be divided into polished blades, extrapolated slices, soi silicon tablets.
production requirements; soi silicon silicon is the introduction of a layer of oxidation between the top silicon and the back liner, which separates the device from the overall medium of the liner. Integrated circuit silicon crystal circle manufacturing includes silicon extraction and smelting, single crystal silicon growth, crystal circle formation, three main links:
Silicon extraction and smelting: Silicon material is poured into an electric arc furnace with a carbon source exceeding 2,000 °C, and at high temperatures the primary reaction is restored to silicon at the metallurgical level. Silicon is created by the silicon reaction of crushed silicon to the gaseous hydrogen chloride, which is obtained by distillation and chemical reduction with a high purity of multiple crystalline silicon.
Single crystalline silicon growth: polycrystal silicon is made into single crystalline silicon, which can be used in the form of regional molten or straight lafa, where straight lafa is more widely distributed. High purity multicrystal silicon is molten in the form of quartz, where seed crystals are immersed in the form of direct stick-led seeds, where the crystal is rotated in the opposite direction, and the molten multicry silicon grows in the direction of the crystals of the seeds.
The semiconductor silicon industry has a propensity pattern. The semiconductor silicon sector has high technical barriers, high capital investment, high capital.
High R & D cycles, high certification cycles, and so on, have a very high concentration of industries. Industry players include, among others, Sigonization in Japan, Sumco in Japan, Circumpolar Circle in Taiwan, Germany, and Sksiltronic in Korea, with a market share of 27.6%, 24.3%, 16.3%, 14.2%, 10.2%, and cr 5 as high as 93%.
Silicon is the largest component of semiconductor material, accounting for more than 35%. The semiconductor material consists mainly of silicon, electronic gas, photo masks, photo-encorded chemicals, polished materials, luminous emulsions, wet chemical chemicals, spray-target material, etc., of which silicon is about 37%, one of the most important components of semiconductor material.
The global semiconductor silicon market is about $12.1 billion, and silicon accounts for about 40% of the raw material cost of chip manufacture. For example, in 2019, the cost composition of the center core was the largest (88%) and, as a capital-intensive industry, the depreciation pressure on the new production line was enormous.
The second is the direct material, which is about 9%, and the share for the last three years is rising year by year. The semiconductor silicon, the most important component of raw materials, is about 40%. The semiconductor silicon industry is developing in a cyclical manner.
The global semiconductor silicon industry has experienced several rounds of expansion since 2008: the global semiconductor silicon industry has experienced a gradual retreat with the global financial crisis affecting the dry electronic manufacturing sector and the expected increase in smartphone penetration and a return to positive growth in the global semiconductor silicon industry.
2017: On the one hand, the rise in the demand for chips in the areas of traditional applications (computers, mobile communications, solid-state hard drives, etc.), emerging applications (car networking, object networking, artificial intelligence, block chains, 5g, etc.) has led to a warming of the industry; on the other hand, the dramatic increase in global crystallized plant capital expenditure has led to a corresponding increase in semiconductor silicon.
There was a slight decline in the global volume of semiconductor silicon tablets in 2019. Constrained by the fall of the storage market, the global volume of semiconductor silicon tablets in 2019 was 11,810 million square inches, a small decrease of 1.8 per cent compared to the same period in the previous year; the semiconductor silicon market was $11.2 billion, a decline of 7.2 per cent.
The market for semiconductor materials in China is about $8.69 billion, with a low rate of national production. In terms of the market space for semiconductor silicon in mainland China, in recent years the industry has been able to accelerate its growth from $500 million in 2016 to $992 million in 2018, with an average annual compound increase of 41%.
This represents 16.7% of the global total, with a national production rate of 24.4% for semiconductor materials in 2019 and 2.5 percentage points higher than in 2016. In the semiconductor silicon sector, about 80% of the country’s 8 inches of silicon and nearly 100% of its 12 inches of silicon depend on imported suppliers.
2.2 Demand-side discussion: Domestic investment in construction or planning of semiconductor crystal-crystal manufacturing lines is estimated at 750 billion yuan, with semiconductor silicon sizes consisting mainly of 150 mm (6 inches), 200 mm (8 inches), and 300 mm (12 inches). The trend in silicon-sized largeness is largely based on cost-control considerations.
Using 300 mm silicon chips; using less than 200 mm silicon chips of more than 90nm; and increasing silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon scales. Semiconductor materials include manufacturing materials as well as containment materials, including silicon tablets, electronic gas, photo masks, photoresist chemicals, polishing materials, photo-records, wetting.
The product is made of silicon-based materials. Reviewing the evolution of the semiconductor silicon, the silicon size: large silicon silicon is the dominant market; The silicon market: the Asia-Pacific market is growing faster.
Trend one: Large-sized silicon tablets become the market ' s mainstream. The diameter of a single crystal silicon bar is determined by the speed at which it pulls out and rotates. The slower the speed at which it rotates, the more it causes defects in the crystal structure. The larger the semiconductor silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon is, the more it can be used to produce. In 2000, the market ' s main semiconductor silicon silicone ruler.
By the year 2018, 300 mm semiconductor silicon tablets became the absolute mainstream of the market. Trends two: Asia-Pacific markets grew faster. 80% of global semiconductor silicon production was concentrated in Europe, Japan, the United States, and so on until 2000.
In 2021, 12 inches of new crystal-crystal capacity worldwide is expected to reach an all-time high. According to the estimates of icinsights in 2020, the number of new 12-inch crystal-crystal plants globally is expected to reach 10 in 2020, bringing about new crystal-crystal production.
It's about 17.9 million pieces (8 inches equivalent). At the same time, as the crystal-crystal mill is moving into production, it is estimated that about 20.8 million new units (8 inches equivalent) will be added in 2021, an increase of 16 per cent over the same year, mainly from Samsung, sk Hercules, Yang River storage, Wuhan's new core, Huayon Macro, etc.
In 2019, China’s integrated circuit-crystal-crystal-based industrial-generation market was excellent. In 2019, the total size of the global crystal-crystal-based industrial market was $56.875 billion, down 1.6 per cent from the same year, with the exception of China’s positive growth, which was the same for all regions. In 2019, the market for integrated circuit replacement workers reached $11.4 billion, an increase of 5.9 per cent from the previous year.
The total amount of investment announced in semiconductor crystal-crystal manufacturing in the country was more than 1.5 trillion yuan, or about 750 billion yuan in construction or planning. According to the statistics of the Institute of Cycology, by the end of 2019, the country was semiconductor crystallized.
12 inches: our 12-inch semiconductor crystal circle manufacturing plant has an installed capacity of about 900,000 pieces compared to 2018: our 8-inch semiconductor crystal manufacturing plant has an installed capacity of about 1 million pieces compared to 2018, an increase of about 10 per cent over the same period;
*6 inches: our six-inch semiconductor crystal-crystal manufacturing plant has an installed capacity of about 2.3 million pieces, compared to the 2018 supply end of 2.3: the domestic production rate of large semiconductor silicons is less than 1%, the construction of semiconductor crystals is on the rise, and the demand for semiconductor silicons is on the rise.
At present, the supply of semiconductor silicon pieces lags behind demand and is a major bottleneck on the road to the development of the domestic integrated circuit industry. After decades of catching up, the domestic semiconductor silicon industry has become internationally advanced in the area of 200 mm (8 inches).
The domestic suppliers of semiconductor silicon tablets include Shanghai Shinji, Zhengzhou, Zhejiang, semiconductor, central ring shares, Shin, and thermomagnetic. In the composition of the domestic mainland silicon industry, 6 inches of product is technologically mature, and the owner of the product is to be applied in the field of photovoltaic and low end separation device manufacturing: 8 inches of product national production is gradually increasing, but still in progress.
Silicon industry is the first supplier in the country to sell 12 inches of silicon, breaking the awkward situation in the country where 12 inches of silicon products were previously produced at zero. Figure 26: Distribution of the main 8 inches/12 inches of semiconductor silicon projects in the country
The national production rate of large-scale semiconductor silicon is less than 1% and is heavily dependent on imports. According to statistics, the national production rate of silicons varies greatly from size to size, with 6 inches being more than 50%, 8 inches being about 10%, 12 inches being less than 1%. On the other hand, the domestic production rate of 12 inches of silicon is 12 inches.
By 2022, our continent’s semiconductor silicon crystal-crystal capacity is expected to rise to 17% globally. According to ic insights, our crystal-crystal capacity in 2018 was 2.43 million pieces/month (equivalent to 8 inches of crystal)
By 2022, it will rise to 4.1 million tablets per month, with an annual compound growth rate of up to 14 per cent. sumco predicts that there will still be a gap in global supply of 12 inches of semiconductor silicon for the next three to five years, with a gap of 1 million in months by 2022, 8 inches and 12 inches of end-market demand, respectively.
In 2019, our 8-inch semiconductor silicon was in need of about 1.2 million tablets per month; and 12 inches semiconductor silicon was in need of about 625,000. By 2023, our 12-inch semiconductor silicon demand is expected to rise to about 5 million, and now there are more than 15 suppliers of 8/12 inches of silicon.
• Midring leads: 12 inches of silicon plant is expected to enter mechanical and electrical installation in late 2019, first half of 2020.
Production expected in October 2020: Xinjiang Shanghai: 2019 28nm logic, 3d-nand storage block certified through Yangtze storage; semiconductor: late 2019 with Texas City, rstechnologies, Texas Honda
The semiconductor equity investment fund partnership contracted 12 inches (3.6 million tablets/year) of a large silicone-based industrialization project. The project is expected to achieve the commissioning and commissioning of process equipment within 2020.
The integrated circuit silicon chip manufacturing process is complex, including silicon refining and smelting, single crystal silicon growing and forming. The integrated circuit silicon manufacturing process consists of a single crystal-chilling slicing slicing slicing process consisting of an inverted slicing slicing slicing slicing slicing.
Figure 29: Integrated circuit silicon process flow maps Internal suppliers are fully competitive in solar monocrystals, where the former conglomerates include crystals, Nanjing crystals, etc. On the other hand, domestic integrated circuits can supply 12-inch monocrystals.
The number of suppliers is currently small. Crystal circle manufacturing equipment accounts for about 3 to 5% of total equipment investment. The global integrated circuit equipment value consists of 81% and 4% respectively of crystal circle manufacturing equipment. Specifically, crystal circle manufacturing equipment includes single crystals.
The furnaces, cutting machines, rollers, cutters, grinding systems, inverters, carving machines, polishers, cleaning equipment, detection equipment, etc., of which single crystals, cmp polishers, respectively, account for about 25% and 25% of the crystal-crystal manufacturing equipment.
The magnetic field that controls the shape of crystal growth is one of the key indicators determining the performance of single-crystal furnaces. Based on our semiconductor silicon production capacity planning and the unit-capacity equipment value scenario, we measure the theoretical demand for single-crystal equipment in our semiconductor industry in 2020-2023.
8-inch semiconductor silicone monocrystals theory: 8-inch semiconductor silicone device manufacturing space is expected to be $8.2 billion in 2020-2023, of which approximately 2.5 billion is needed. 12-inch semiconductor silicone monocrystal theory: 12-inch semiconductors in 2020-2023.
Silicon-making equipment needs space of $18.4 billion, of which single-crystal equipment space is approximately $4.6 billion. The company has undertaken the development of 300-mm silicon-crystal-crystal growth equipment and the development of a national production equipment for a melting silicon-crystal furnace in the 8-inch zone by undertaking a major national science and technology project entitled “Equipment for large-scale integrated circuit manufacturing and a suite of processes.”
It has achieved a national breakthrough in the integrated circuit area 8 in ~ 12 inches of semiconductor long-crystal furnaces. So far, the company has actually deployed the semiconductor silicon crystals in the product layout of the four core chains of long crystals, slices, polishes, and extensions. Since this year, the company has achieved major breakthroughs in the semiconductor sector, including:
In August 2020, the company’s first hard-axis direct puller succeeded in producing 8-inch monocrystals, achieving a major breakthrough in the domestic semiconductor-class silicon monocrystal growth equipment. The carbonated silicon extraterrestrial furnace (4-inch process) was accepted by its customers.
By the first half of 2020, the company was in the process of implementing semiconductor equipment orders amounting to $501 million. At the same time, with the increase in equipment orders, the company’s sales of high-purified quartz, polished fluid, semiconductor valves, etc., in the area of semiconductor consumables, have also increased considerably, and 32 inches of synthetic sulfon have been sold on the client side.
3. Photovoltaics: Continued higher than expected demand for downstream expansion 3.1 industry trends: full-scale flat-priced accelerated booster demand opened up
With the growing economic nature of photovoltaic power, the “policy-driven” shift towards “demand-driven” growth in industrial space is expected to multiply. In 2020, the next year of full and affordable Internet access for our photovoltaic power generation is expected to be full-fledged by 2021.
“The Age of Parity.” Cost-effective: The cost of electricity generation from renewable sources has declined significantly over the past 10 years, benefiting from technological advances and economies of scale.
In 2019, the cost of large-scale grid-connected solar photovoltaic power fell to US$0.068/kWh, down by 13% from 2018. At the policy end, major countries around the world plan to increase the share of renewable energy in energy consumption accordingly.
On the Chinese side, in January 2019, the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy Agency jointly issued a circular on the active promotion of wind power and unsubsidized flat-cost access to the Internet.
In May 2019, the National Energy Agency published the first list of wind and photovoltaic power parity projects, reaching 14.78gw in total, which also means that the country has begun the era of photovoltaic parity.
Space outlook: In 2019, the world ' s photovoltaic aggregate installed capacity reached 627gw in the global market, of which 114.9gw was added in 2019, an increase of 12 per cent over the previous year. For the third year in a row, additional installed capacity exceeded the annual photovoltaic accumulated installed capacity further up to 8,519gw. In 2019, China ' s market, China ' s photovoltaic capacity rose further.
The cumulative installed capacity reached 204.3gw, with a new size of 30.1gw in 2019, a decline of 32 per cent from the same year. The China Photovoltaic Development Outlook 2050 (2019) projects that the size of the photovoltaics will be the number one source of all power by 2030; and the cumulative load will reach 3 billion kilowatts by 2035, representing about 49 per cent of the global total.
3.2 Large silicon tablets: the procurement requirements for equipment compatibility in the “large” era of silicon have continued to be the world’s largest in the light-voltage industry. In 2019, China’s market achieved a total of 30.1gw light-voltage additions, a 32 per cent decline compared to the same period; and a cumulative volume of 204.3gw in perturbations has been achieved.
In 2019, our production of silicon in the photovoltaic sector reached 134.6gw, an increase of 25.7 per cent over the same period in the previous year, accounting for about 98 per cent of total global production. Single crystal silicon has dominated the market, with the share of silicon in domestic silicon market formation rising to about 65 per cent in 2019, and the share of polysilic silicon in the same period fell sharply from 55 per cent to 32.5 per cent.
The market share of single crystal silicon is expected to be close to 100 per cent by the end of 2020.
In the “large” era of photovoltaic silicone, technology has accelerated. In pursuit of mitigation efficiency, the photovolcano industry has undergone a variety of technical shifts, often fast, and the larger silicone chain size is a trend in the future, which, while reducing its own costs, will also contribute to the spread of nonsilicon unit costs. The light silicon sizes have evolved through several rounds:
*1981-2012: Silicon tablets in the photovoltaic market dominated by 100 mm, 125 mm; ~2018 2012: In 2013, two standard monocrysil silicon silicon tablets were launched in the Lungi joint industry (156.75 mm in length, 205 mm in diameter), m2 (156.75 mm in length, 210mm in diameter) and will be in size.
2018 ~ to date: Since 2018, photovoltaic silicon silicon sizes have accelerated. In 2018, crystals rolled out g1 (158.75 mm) silicon tablets; in 2019, Hanhua, Lungi, Central Ring, m4 (161.70 mm), m6 (1966 mm), g12 (210 mm), large silicon tablets became the focus of the market; in 2020, crystals.
Seven joint initiatives, M10 (182 mm) silicon size standards, were developed in the market to form two silicon camps: “182 mm” and “210 mm.” The market for silicon photovolts was upgraded from “166 to 210” to “182 and 210” in June 2020.
Seven optical-voltage companies such as Ki, Crystal, Crystal and Artes proposed new standards for m10 (182 mm) silicon sizes. m10 silicons have better compatibility for existing silicons, batteries, assembly lines.
On the other hand, g12 silicon, represented by the middle ring, is the most competitive from the point of view of mitigation efficiency, and is one of the best options for medium- and long-term dimensions. In July 2020, the 600w plus Photovoltaic Open Ecology Alliance was formed, with 39 silicon, battery, assembly, tracking, etc.
The silicon is the maximum size allowed for some of the equipment under the current component size scenario. If the silicon size is further increased, the silicon size is partially incompatible.
3.3 Downstream expansion: monocrystal silicon is planned to expand to over 180gw since 2019, and the concentration of the monocrysil tablets market in the photovoltaic industry has increased rapidly.
The market share of the industry is accelerating to headlines, with strong competition patterns. For example, Lungi shares and Central Ring shares. In 2017, Lungi+medium ring monosilica markets rose by 13 percentage points over the same period of year.
The expansion of the photovoltaic silicone provider and the rapid increase in monocrysil silicon production. From the supply and demand point of view, with the gradual transfer of the expanded production capacity, the oversupply situation will be difficult to change in the short term, but it will not stop the willingness of suppliers to expand up and down the industrial chain.
In the first half of 2020, the company's single crystal silicon produced about 55gw, of which Yunnan I and Yunnan II reached 40gw and Ningxia Bases over 20gw. In September, the company announced an investment of 2.5 billion dollars.
It is expected that by the end of 2020, the company’s silicon production capacity will exceed 80gw.
By October 2021, production will be completed, with more than 50 gw of single crystal silicon in the middle- and middle-care estates. The company g12 silicon production capacity is expected to reach 19 gw by the end of 2020.
The sum of $5.8 billion, or 700 acres of land, is the sum of crystallography: 25gw monochrome, cut-edge projects phase I and phase II, which are expected to start in the near future.
3.4 Equipment space: about $39 billion is required for monocrystal silicon-led theoretical equipment. Photovoltaic equipment consists mainly of silicon rod/silicon insinium manufacturing equipment, silicon chip/silicon crystal round manufacturing equipment, battery plate manufacturing equipment, crystal silicon cell assembly manufacturing equipment, film component manufacturing equipment.
With an income of $5,205 million, an increase of 27.30 per cent over the same period, the silicon stick/silicon silicon links benefit mainly from single crystal output upgrades. It is expected that by 2020 the country will be selling 95 billion dollars of photovoltaic equipment.
Equipment, etc.. Core equipment manufactured for monocrystal silicon/silicon silicon production such as single crystal furnaces, openers, slicers, mills, etc. The value of monocrystals is about 70% to 80%. 1gw monocrysil silicon requires the following equipment: (a) 100 monocrystals (10mw/ table); (b) 16 slicers; (c) 8 grinding machines; and (d) 6
A single-crystal opening machine; (e) two cut-off machines, of which the single-crystal furnaces have the highest value, usually exceeding 70%. Domestic monocrystal silicon production capacity is still growing at a high rate, and according to our statistics, since 2019 the company has been downstream in a single-crysil silicon industry planning to expand its production on a scale greater than 180gw.
The size of the market is approximately $38.7 billion. The size of the market is 83gw for central rings, crystals, crystals, and onboard, and the demand market for silicon equipment is expected to be about $17.8 billion, of which the theoretical space for monocrystals is about $13 billion.
The company is a leading supplier of photovoltaic equipment in the country, with products covering all-automatic single-crystal furnaces, multi-crystal casting furnaces, grinding and composite processors, cutters, slicers, stacking automated production lines, smart logistics workshops, etc., and has a clear competitive advantage in the photovoltile silicone chain. The company successfully developed its first all-volatile silicon plant in the country in 2007.
The company’s full-automatic monocrysilica grower is the third single manufacturing champion product of the Ministry of Trade and Communications; the industry is leading in the manufacture and sale of G12 technical equipment, including monocrystals, smart processing equipment, slicing machines, and stacking automation.
By the first half of 2020, companies were implementing orders for crystal growth and smart processing equipment amounting to $3,801 million. Newly updated unilateral orders in the first three quarters of 2020 were over $4.5 billion, representing a significant increase of 145 per cent of business income in 2019.
In recent years, there has been a marked increase in the share of the largest customers, with the largest customers in late 2019 accounting for crystals.
Some 80% of silicon-growing equipment, mainly central ring shares and their subsidiaries. Jd 1600 large-sized single-crystal stoves, developed autonomously by Kyushuton, are already in a position to sell abroad. The crystal-singer power industry leads in the sale of g12 equipment.
Profit forecasting and valuation Company is a leading supplier of photovoltaic equipment with combined power in the country, product applications for solar photovoltaics, integrated circuit collars, covering all automated single-crystal furnaces, multi-crystal casting furnaces, grinding composite processors, cutters, slicers, stacks
Automation production lines, smart logistics workshops, etc. Full-automatic crystal growth equipment: the main products include monocrystal growth furnaces, multi-crystal cast furnaces, regional silicon monocrystal furnaces, carbonated silicon monocrystal furnaces, sapphire furnaces, etc.
Smart processing equipment: The main products include single crystal silicon cutters, single crystal silicon rod grinding composite processors, multiple crystal silicon grinders, slicers, polishers, grinders, extended equipment, stacking components, self-carried semiconductor assistive materials: the main products include silicon, polish fluid, magnetic fluids, valve tubes, etc.
During the first half of 2020, corporate crystal growth equipment, smart processing equipment, equipment modification services and sapphire products achieved operating income of $1.02 billion, $203 million, $79 million and $67 million, respectively, as a percentage of income.
Automated crystal growth equipment and smart processing equipment: The company ' s order for crystal growth and smart processing equipment, which is in progress as of 30 September 2020, amounts to approximately $5.9 billion, of which $410 million (at tax rates) is for semiconductor equipment. A fully automated crystal growth equipment is expected to be operational in 2020 ~ 2022, respectively.
Equipment upgrading services: As the stock market grows, equipment upgrading services will grow steadily in the future. The company is the leading supplier of general semiconductor equipment in the country, with the highest income scale in the industry in 2019. We have chosen two large values: North China (002371.sz), with a surplus of 57 times the average value of the company in 2021.
The company, as a leading supplier of domestic semiconductor equipment, is expected to benefit fully from the expansion of capital spending in downstream industries. For comparable corporate valuations, we believe that the company’s current market value is undervalued, and we give it 50 times as much as in 2021.
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or solicitation of the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.