Silicon silicon expansion, equipment first > > > core recommended logic The company is the homeline of a single crystal furnace, which is expected to benefit from competitive expansion at the end of the silicon.
By the end of the third quarter, the silicon industry was entering a stable technology period, the industry evolved from a “first advantage” to a “backward advantage”, attracting other links such as components to silicon ends, and now plans larger silicon silicon projects. By 2022, we measured that the city share of the central ring and Lungi will be reduced from 73% in 2018 to 55%. Silicon production capacity supply and demand is expected to move from a tight balance to an appropriately relaxed dynamic balance of supply, accelerating the withdrawal of old capacity and the development of aggregates.
The company’s semiconductor business income has been growing at a rapid rate, with the company’s semiconductor equipment orders at $410 million by the end of the third quarter of 2020. On the one hand, the country’s champions, the central ring, the kiosk, the crystal, and the central lynching circle plan to expand their production, and the country’s equipment and technology are sufficient to boost the domestic production of the silicon end.
On the other hand, it is expected that the 8 inch of the country will grow by 2 to 3 years, reaching more than 2 million units; the 12 inch will grow by 3 to 5 years, reaching at least 1.5 million pieces, with more actual planning. On the other hand, the Krystium cards on long crystals, slices, polishing, extended core equipment, with good time nodes, are expected to be established gradually in the field of semiconductor silicon equipment.
From 2021 to 2023, the expansion is expected to bring more than 13 billion equipment orders to the market, with the potential equipment orders expected to be more than $4.5 billion. There is greater potential for outward investment.
Gemstone Crystals, strategic collaboration between the company and the consumer electronic window-protected pioneer blues technology on 29 September 2020, and flexibility in future sapphire material operations. The Division’s leading position in the field of crystal growth equipment and the potential elasticity of companies’ investments in semiconductors, sapphire, maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Part II: Semiconductor equipment: strong industrial demand, huge national production space Part III: more foreign investment, higher potential for eruption Part IV: Investment advice and profit projections
Photovoltaic equipment: Silicon ends are active, silicon silicons are on the move, the epidemic is hard to stop, and the industry's lowest point is over, with a growing global photovoltaic aggregate load of about 750gw expected by 2020. According to the European Photovoltaic Association (Solarpowereure) predicts that the new coronary pneumonia will not be right in the medium term.
The global concentration of photovoltaic development poses significant risks and business (c&i) and distribution of photovoltaics may be negatively affected, but national economic stimulus plans also balance some of the negative impacts of the epidemic, with neutral assumptions that the total number of global photovoltaic aggregates is expected to reach 747.77gw in 2020 and to reach 1,449.23gw in 2024 and 5-year composite growth in 2019-2024: the global volume of photovolts is expected to continue to rise at a combined rate of 18 per cent.
Photovoltaic devices: Silicon ends are active, silicon silicons are on the move, the epidemic is hard to stop, the industry is at its lowest point, the impact of the epidemic on global photovoltaic additions is expected to recover in 2022, with real progress or higher expectations.
Globalmarketoutbook, where the number of new loads in 2020 is expected to decrease significantly from the previous 144gw to 112gw in the neutral scenario, is expected to decline significantly by 22 per cent, with a 4 per cent decline in the global volume of new light-voltage units projected for 2020, but in the new forecast, the global volume of new light-voltage units will be back on track in 2022 to the level previously expected and the impact of the epidemic will recover within 1-2 years. According to the latest disclosure data from Benf in December, the global demand for light-voltage in 2020 is expected to exceed the initial forecast of 20gw, with actual recovery ahead of expectations.
Figure: Progress in the recovery of global photovoltaic demand is expected to be higher than expected > > 1. Photovoltaic equipment: silicon end expansion is positive, large silicon silicon is on the move, the epidemic is not likely to slow the development of the photovoltaic industry, and the industry has passed its lowest point.
The advent of the “531” new deal has strained the profits of the PV industry, with new loads falling sharply in 2019, but, at this point, the new deal has eased the subsidy gap while protecting high-quality assets from losing productive capacity and accelerating the smooth growth of the PV industry.
Photovoltaic equipment: Silicon ends are expanding positively, silicon silicon silicons are on the move, the epidemic is hard to stop, and the industry has reached its lowest point in 2019, when China's light voltage was low, and is expected to recover strongly. According to China's Photovoltaic Association (cpia), China added 30gw in 2019, compared to the same year.
A 32% decline, but with the effective operation of the new grid parity support mechanism, China’s new installed capacity in the photovoltaic sector is expected to continue to grow steadily in 2020, rising back to 45gw under optimistic assumptions. According to the European Photovoltaic Association, its forecasts for the Chinese market are more optimistic, with China’s projected annual increase in the number of new photovoltaics from 39gw to 71gw between 2020 and 2024, a figure close to the ceiling projected by cpia.
Figure: China’s new load is expected to rebound > > > 1. Photovoltaic equipment: silicon end expansion is positive, large silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon chain layout is hot and single crystals continue to expand production
According to the classification of silicon silicon, the share of the single crystal silicon market was about 65 per cent in 2019, which, according to the Chinese Photovolt Association, is expected to reach 80 per cent in 2022, while the market share of polysilicon is in the balance: silicon is located up the chain of the silicon industry > > > 1. Photovoltaic equipment: silicon end product expansion is positive and large silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon is on the move
The silicon chain layout is hot, and single crystals continue to expand in China, with the country’s 10 largest silicon producers expected to produce 145gw in 2020. According to China Photovoltaic Association statistics, by the end of 2019, 9 enterprises with production above 2gw had supplied 85.5% of production, which is expected to be accompanied by accelerated expansion of head enterprises, with a national production of silicon amounting to 145gw in 2020, an increase of 7.73%.
Figure: China’s production of silicon continues to rise > > 1. Photovoltaic equipment: silicon ends are active, silicon ends are silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon is hot and single crystals continue to expand.
The silicon end layout is hot, and production capacity is expected to increase rapidly. According to publicly released data from businesses, single crystal silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon headlongs and central ring shares alone are expected to increase their capacity by more than 60gw in 2020, and there are “new players” such as on-board numbers and numbers entering the market, the whole silicon end layout is hot, and production capacity is expected to climb up the slope quickly.
Figure: Major monocrystal silicon enterprise capacity expansion programmes > > 1. Photovoltile equipment: silicon end expansion positive, large silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon, silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon, silicon silics, silicon silics, silics, silicon silics, silics, silics, silic, silic, silic, silic, silic, silic, silic, silic, silic, silic, silic, silic, silic, silic, silic, sili
The new silicon chain has performed well, or has led to changes in silicon end patterns. According to our incomplete statistics, in 2019, silicon end-capable Lung had a ratio of about 65 per cent to the middle ring. However, this has been accompanied by better market entry and profitability for businesses such as the upper-number control system, or by a silicon chain that attracts other links such as components, which in 2022 was or will be reduced to 55 per cent, with a change in the structure of the silicon supply end.
Figure: Percent production capacity of two dragons in Lungi in 2019 was about 65% > > > 1. Photovoltaic equipment: silicon end expansion was positive, large silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
The size of the silicon is constantly increasing as part of the effort to reduce the cost and improve the efficiency of the components. Similar to the development of the semiconductor silicon, the size of the photovoltile silicone industry is constantly increasing, with the largest size of silicon rising to 210 mm, mainly in the current industry. According to the data to be disclosed by the Central Ring shares, the cost of bos (p-perc72 half of the components) is 19.4% lower, lcoe (degree of electricity costs) is lower than the cost of m2 (p-perc72 half) of the semiconductor silicon.
Figure: m12 silicon silicon tiles increased by more than 80% of the m2 silicon surface area > > > 1. Photovoltaic equipment: silicon ends were actively expanded, large silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
Large-sized silicons are consistent with the need for photovoltaic silicon, and the era of photovoltaics on the Internet will prompt customers to choose the least costly and most energy efficient products, the cost of large-scale silicon single-watt manufacturing and the cost of non-silicon materials will be reduced, and the number of installation components at the end of the system, as a result of the enhanced power of the components, will be reduced. According to the technical white paper for the East Solar titan series, it uses 50 of its 210 large-sized silicon 9-share perc single crystal batteries, with a capacity of over 500w, and the power of the components will be reduced.
The rate is as high as 20.8 per cent, with a 30 per cent increase in single-line capacity at cost, a 6 per cent decrease in lcoe costs and a 9.6 per cent reduction in bos costs: > > > 1. Photovoltaic equipment: silicon end-product expansion positive, large silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
On November 17, 2020, Cyclops and Translator invested $15 billion to open the integrated layout, adding bricks to the 210-sized layout. Currently, 210 large silicon industrial chains have accelerated production, with a total production capacity of G12 for the next three years, an expected output capacity of 50 gw at the end of 2021, and battery-end amit technology with 210 silicon pieces and a 210 crystalline cell project. We believe that supply chain support can be achieved from upstream and downstream layouts of the industrial chain, with 210 silicon fabrics expected to accelerate.
In 2021, silicon silicon production will reach 85gw, of which g12 will reach 50gw Fullet, with a new expanded capacity of 210 to 182 in 2021.
Stage two: 210 silicon, q3 is now market-oriented, on-board number control, centralized inverters are able to match 600w+ component demand, 20a above.
Sunshine power supply in 2021, based on market demand, is already in the pipeline.
On August 5, 2020, the autonomous production of 210 silicon tablets was successful, and the supply of a cluster of 600-watt-plus-assembly inverters will start in q1 in 2021.
By the end of 2021, 210-down-compatible production capacity of 20 gw matches the large current component 20a or more, a cluster inverter that will produce and deliver sma-wide commercial and power station products in q4 will be fully capable of meeting 600 watts+ high power.
Design requirements for cell capacity under 210 at the end of 2020 are expected to be 24gw sma components
Batteries produced up to 26gw in 2021, of which approximately 18-20gw was 210 batteries, cosmopolitan luminous energy 22gw at the end of 2020, of which 210 produced 12gw at the end of 2021))
Sino-Bob, Sky2 is a perfect match for 600-watt components, and it's now in production.
Programs with capacity above 50 gw and 210 components with capacity of 35 gw for 600 w can be in line with the 600 W+ component product on the market.
Nextracker is market-oriented and mass-producing, clairvoyant.
nclave is ready to carry 600 W components > > > 1. Photovoltaic equipment: silicon end-of-end expansion is positive and big silicon is on the move
Beneath efficiency is a constant industry theme, with large silicons leading the wave 210 standards and enabling the industrial chain to achieve scale effects. The Joint Initiative to Promote the Standardization of Silicon 210mm and Component Sizes in the Photovoltaic Industry was officially announced on November 27, with the initiative to select silicon sizes in the size of the semi standard: 210+/-0.25 mm as the only size, while revising the silicon sizes and the silicon rows in accordance with this silicon size.
The component size standards already in place in industry associations are expected to optimize the supply of industrial chains. Figure: 210 mm silicon and component size standardization initiatives > > > 1. Photovoltaic equipment: silicon end-of-end expansion is positive and large silicon silicone is on the move
The reduction efficiency is a constant industry theme, and the large silicon-led wave of 210 silicon-line equipment is expected to generate more than 10 billion market demand. We expect future silicon-silicon production to stabilize at over 280gw, assuming that 30-70% of the 30-70% is needed for 210 large silicone tablets, i.e. 84-196gw. Assuming that the amount of equipment required for single gw silicon investment is 150-200 million yuan, it is expected to generate at least 147-34.3 million silicone-silica equipment requirements.
Figure: 210 mm silicon tablets are expected to bring huge equipment replacement needs > > > 1. Photovoltaic equipment: silicon end-production is positive, large silicon silicon is on the move.
The company’s main project is crystal-growing equipment, which is also involved in back-track processing, batteries, and components. Through continuous technological development, the company has become a leading equipment company in both the technology and the size of the photovoltaic industry chain, with silicon crystal-growing equipment at the top of the market.
Photovoltaic devices: Silicon ends are active, and large silicon silicons are on the move. The company is the leader of photovolcose silicon equipment, with significant growth in hand orders, high quality of customer resources and a significant increase in hand orders over the last three months. The company accounts for 90% of the country’s high end market share, covering the first line of silicon, including the middle ring, crystallology, onboard, and bailout.
Producers, companies now have sufficient orders at hand, with companies obtaining orders in excess of $4.5 billion in the first three quarters of 2020, hand orders in excess of $5.49 billion as of 30 September, and company performance in the future.
The company is the leader of photovoltaic silicone equipment, with a significant increase in hand orders, and according to our calculations it is expected to get about 27 billion light-volcule equipment orders between 2020 and 2022. The current crystallizer power covers almost all open-source transcrystal growth equipment.
236gw, which is expected to bring about some 27 billion light-voltage equipment orders.
Part II: Semiconductor equipment: strong industrial demand, huge national production space Part III: more foreign investment, higher potential for eruption Part IV: Investment advice and profit projections
Semiconductor equipment: The industry is in demand, the national production space is in demand, the semiconductor silicon tablets are in demand, and investment in crystal mills is expected to be innovative. The silicon is in semiconductor material, which represents about 37% of the ratio.
According to Semi, the corresponding market breakdown of silicon tablets in 2019 was $12.4 billion, or about 37 per cent. Figure: silicons belong to the upper chain of semiconductor industries > > 2. Semiconductor equipment: industry demand is strong and national production space is huge.
The demand for semiconductor silicon silicon is high, and the investment in the crystal mill is expected to be innovative, and the demand for semiconductor silicon silicon is strong and the volume of goods is rising. According to sumco, it is expected to slow down in the third quarter of this year compared to 18/19, but it is still expected to maintain a composite growth rate of 5.1% between 2020 and 2024, with 300 mm of semiconductor silicon demand strong.
At the end of the spectrum, the semiconductor silicon is expected to remain high in the follow-up. Figure: 300 mm semiconductor silicon demand is strong all the way > > 2. Semiconductor equipment: industry demand is strong and national production space is huge
The demand for semiconductor silicon is high, and the investment in crystal-crystal plants is expected to be innovative. In particular, demand is driven mainly by electronic devices and servers, such as mobile phones.
Figure: 300 mm silicon demand forecast from server & data centre > > > 2. Semiconductor equipment: industry demand is strong, national production space is huge, semiconductor silicon demand is high, and investment in crystal mills is expected to be innovative
According to Semi’s disclosure, the pandemic-induced demand for chip surges, global crystal factory equipment spending will be high in 2021, declining in 2019, accelerating spending in 2020 and 2021, and semiconductor industry investment is expected to result in a significant increase in industry-chain demand. Figure: Crystal factory equipment spending (front road) is expected to be high in 2021.
Semiconductor equipment: Industry demand is strong, national production space is huge, semiconductor silicon demand is high, crystal mill investment is expected to be high, the global market for semiconductor silicon in 2019 was more than $10 billion, and the expansion of mainland China’s market has continued to accelerate. The global market for semiconductor silicon in 2019 was $11.15 billion.
The land market has continued to grow in size in recent years, with dramatic developments, with semiconductor silicon silicon sales growing from $498 million to $990 million between 2016 and 2018, with a compound growth rate of 40.88 per cent, well above the 25.65 per cent compound growth rate of the global semiconductor silicon market size during the same period.
Figure: China’s mainland market size leapfrogging development > > 2. Semiconductor equipment: high demand for industry, huge national production space, dominance of markets by overseas producers, trade friction leading to a shift in production to China
High entry barriers are highly concentrated, and markets are permanently occupied by overseas producers. The semiconductor silicon industry has higher barriers to entry, influenced by technology, R & D cycles, financial inputs, customer certification cycles, etc. From 2016 to 2019, the share of the top 10 semiconductor silicon-type product companies worldwide fell from 91% to 89%, industry concentration declined, but markets remained largely occupied by overseas producers. From 2016 to 2019, the share of the Chinese mainland producer silicon industry group (a simulation of the consolidation of new and proud technology) and the market of the Chinese ring rose from 2.2% to 3.14%.
Used to be low, with a huge national production replacement space. Figure: Higher concentration in semiconductor silicon industry. Figure: Global share of semiconductor silicon market in mainland China is low
Semiconductor equipment: The demand for industry is strong, the country’s production space is huge, overseas producers dominate markets, trade friction leads to a shift in production towards China, trade friction drives a shift in production to China, and production capacity to China. Trade friction drives China’s semiconductor industry boom and investment in the industrial chain.
Friction drives China’s semiconductor silicon market to rise rapidly in the global market, from about 9% in 2018 to about 15% in 2020, and it can be said that global semiconductor silicon output is shifting to the center, and that subsequent Chinese market demand and supply will rise rapidly. Figure: Demand for semiconductor silicon from the Chinese market is rising rapidly.
Semiconductor equipment: The industrial demand is strong, the national production space is huge, the silicon investment boom is huge, and it is expected that single crystal furnaces will require more than 20 billion yuan, 8 inches and 12 inches of semiconductor silicon, and the 12 inches of silicon will continue to rise.
Silicon can increase the number of chips on the crystal circle, thereby increasing the cost of production effectively. Currently 200 mm of silicon has stabilized, while 300 mm of silicon production continues to climb, and the subsequent semiconductor silicon industry investment will be concentrated on 300 mm.
Semiconductor equipment: The industrial demand is high, the national production space is huge, the silicone investment boom is huge, and it is expected to be about $20 billion for a single crystal furnace, and the domestic silicone industry is on the move, with several production plans for silicon 8 inches and 12 inches of semiconductor silicon.
Inches of silicon are basically import-dependent, and in order to bridge the supply gap and reduce dependence, the country is actively investing in 8 inches and 12 inches of silicon production, and a number of companies are initiating large-scale production projects that, according to our incomplete statistics, currently total $142.9 billion in 17 announced projects, and 12 inches of silicon production is expected to be close to 6 million pieces per month around 2023.
Semiconductor equipment: strong industrial demand, huge national production space, combined with medium ring multi-point layout, company semiconductor operations with great potential, four core equipment layouts to meet semiconductor basic material processing needs. The company is currently developing three major semiconductor materials in silicon, sapphire, carbonated silicon through years of research and development.
With a series of key equipment, the semiconductor silicon equipment system, which is based on monocrystal silicon growth, slices, polishing, outer extension and four core equipment, has been improved to meet the production and processing needs of semiconductor basic materials, and the product now covers several stages of semiconductor silicon production and processing. The company currently owns only a few of the country’s 12-inch semiconductor single-crystal furnaces, the 8-inch furnace plant, the silicon processing chain.
Slicing chain Automated 8-inch semiconductor silicon polisher > > 2. Semiconductor equipment: strong industrial demand and huge national production space
The semiconductor industry, because of its high technology content and low tolerance for error, takes longer to test for new entrants, but the first, when the client is mature, can be scaled up quickly, and the company has been working with its first customer for years in depth, and the stick project is expected to succeed in helping the company enter other companies in the semiconductor industry.
Figure: Company semiconductor equipment orders kept high after 18 years > > 2. Semiconductor equipment: industry demand is strong, national production space is huge, working together on a medium ring multi-point layout, company semiconductor operations have great potential
Research and development continues to break through, and equipment is delivered to use. Currently, the company has 8 inches of silicone crystals growing, slices, polishing, extended processing equipment, products have entered the client line in bulk, national production is accelerating, 12 inches of silicone crystals growing stoves are being delivered in small quantities, and 12 inches of processing equipment is being developed and industrialized. The company has developed a third generation of semiconductor materials, sic long crystals, and extended equipment, of which sic long crystals have been delivered to the client for use, the extension equipment has been technically validated and the prospects for industrialization are better.
Semiconductor equipment: strong industrial demand, huge national production space, combined with medium-ring multi-point layouts, high corporate semiconductor business potential, estimated to exceed $4.5 billion in 2021 to 2023. Assuming only higher-precision companies are purchased, the central ring is now leading by 8 inches and below 50 inches.
The 12 inch test line of 20,000 in each month, the central ring leading the Jiangsu plan 8 750,000 inches per month, and 12 inches of 600,000 in each month; the 300,000 in Shandong silicon plan is expected to begin construction by the end of 2020; the 2nd phase of Chengzhou is also expected to start with a production capacity plan of 250,000 in each month; and the large silicon layout of the Liangwa market is expected to accelerate, bringing together over $13 billion in equipment requirements for the market and over $4.5 billion in potential orders from the Chinese company.
Part I: Photovoltaic equipment: silicon end expansion positive, large silicon silicon silicon surges Second part: semiconductor equipment: high industrial demand, huge national production space Third part: more foreign investment, more potential for eruptions
Part IV: Investment proposals and profit projections > > > 3. Multiple investments with greater potential for eruptions, leading in the middle of the stock chain, which is expected to be the lead in the domestic production of silicon tablets
In 2017, the company and the Central Ring, Hong Kong, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China.
Figure: Transistor power holdings lead by 10% of the median equity > > > 3. Larger potential for outward investment, higher potential for eruptions, leading by the middle equity, which is expected to be the lead in domestic silicon production.
Based on current technology and scale, the Chinese lead is expected to be the country’s leader in silicon production. In mid-2019, the Chinese lead was 814 million yuan, and it was in the first quarter of the country’s semiconductor silicon industry.
There's a lot of investment out there, there's a lot of potential for eruptions, a joint venture with Lancet, a flexible sapphire business, a strategic cooperation agreement with Lancet, and a promising follow-up to the sapphire business. On September 29th, 2020, the company and the world's leading consumer electronic window shield made the lead blues.
Science and technology worked together strategically to establish a joint venture in Ningxia to build a sapphire material manufacturing base. To benefit from a 5g switch to upgrade the sapphire glass sheet from smartphones, the need to increase the demand for the led sapphire liner as a result of an increase in the size of the miniled, the future sapphire material is expected to continue to grow in size, and the company’s more asset-intensive sapphire business or release will continue to grow.
Part I: Photovoltaic equipment: silicon end expansion positive, large silicon silicon silicon surges Second part: semiconductor equipment: high industrial demand, huge national production space Third part: more foreign investment, more potential for eruptions
Part IV: Investment proposals and profit projections > > > 4. Profit projections and investment proposals to maintain the “buy-in” rating, taking into account the company's leading position in the field of crystal growth equipment and the potential elasticity of the company's investments in semiconductors and sapphire
The epidemic has resulted in less than anticipated global photovoltaic load, less than expected downstream demand for semiconductors, and less than expected expansion of photovoltaic silicon. > > > 4. Profit prediction and valuation > > > > 4. Profit prediction and valuation