The company achieved operating income of $19.4 billion in the first half of the year, a decrease of 8.72 per cent in the same year; the net return profit was achieved and the reported performance of the company was slightly lower than expected, but based on the positive growth in the company's sales in the first half of the year.
In terms of resources, we believe that fulfilling the 100 billion-dollar profit commitment for the year is still an approximate event. Given the value space of the company’s high-quality reserves in the former Sea Snakegate region, and the company’s active development initiatives in recent years, sales grew at a rate of 74% in the first half of the year, with the company now operating at about 14 times the market rate and still at a price that is still on the market.
The sales amounted to $53.7 billion, a 74 per cent increase over the previous year, 54 per cent of the 100 billion annual sales target, 2.88 million square metres, an increase of 48 per cent over the same year, and an average sales price of $18,646 per square metre. According to Creary, the first six months of the year were ranked 14th in the ranks of the merchants, moving actively towards the first group. We expect the company to be in the second half of the year.
The growth and operating income of $16.7 billion, or 19 per cent of the Māori rate, was slightly reduced owing to the uneven distribution of real estate projects over the year and the different types of products carried over from the project. Due to the high growth in corporate sales in the first half of the year, the closing advance was $68.2 billion, compared to last year.
30% at the end, and business income is expected to recover throughout the year as the carry-over rises in the second half of the year. In addition, Business Cobras: Connecting the State Government in the development of a distinctive new city, off-site. On the one hand, the company achieved $2.5 billion in January-June in revenues from park development and operation, a major decline from the same period.
In the same period the previous year, part of the scattered property held at the Shenzhen snake mouth had been sold for many years.
China, Guangzhou, Nanjing, among other important cities, received 16 high-quality projects with an expanded project of 2.27 million square metres, with a total land value of $35.3 billion or 66 per cent of sales, while the new layout remained dominated by two-line cities.
On average, in the second half of the year, in the context of credit contraction and tighter liquidity, for the company's subsequent expansion.