Merchant snakes (001979.sz) Performance meets expectations: higher profit margins are expected in the second half of the year; buying down core profits by 6 per cent to RMB 3.4 billion in the first half of 2017, which represents the full-year projection of High China/Candre
RMB 10.3 billion (a 15 per cent increase in the same year). 1. Income decreased by 9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, owing to the impact of changes in the average real estate sector in the park business of less than 0a shares (the share of smaller cities with lower profit margins rises).
For a full description of the investment summary indicators, see the information disclosure section of this report. Rate of project delivery (e.g., 4-quarter Shenzhen double seal project plan to settle RMB 15 billion)
It is confident that it will achieve its annual target of 100 billion yuan (a 35 per cent increase over the same period). Three writing buildings in Shenzhen Bay have been awarded sales contracts, pending a pre-sale permit, and are expected to contribute to sales revenue in the second half of the year.
At the same time, the company’s project and investment management system, introduced in May, has largely been applied to all its market-based land acquisition sales projects, which will also be used in the company’s cities.
The management of the city company provides greater incentives to promote business growth. After taking into account the new acquisitions, the latest financial data and the decline in profit margins of the park/pattern business block, we have a summary of our performance in the first half of 2017.
Business relationships exist and continue to seek to develop them. Therefore, investors should not view information in the appendix to the disclosure of information or contact your investment representative, taking into account that the company may have a conflict of interest that may affect the objectivity of this report.
Convergence: Summary of financial data. Someone who contributed to this report.
We, Li Wei, Wang, cfa, hereby affirm that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views on the companies or their securities mentioned above. Moreover, any part of our salaries is irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Both returns and valuation multipliers are calculated using a combination of several methods to determine the unit’s percentage ranking within the area’s research industry. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary depending on the financial year, industry, and region, but the standard method is as follows: Growth is a combination of next year’s projections with current years’ projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income.
The valuation multiples are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as a market surplus, a dividends return, av/fcf, av/ebitda, av/dacf, a net market rate. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum is a highly specialized database that provides specific financial statement data history, projections, and ratios, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm, or for comparisons between firms in different industries and markets. gssustain gssustain is a relatively stable global investment strategy focused on making long-term multi-recommended recommendations. gssustain is concerned about what we consider to be a continuous competitive advantage over global counterparts and an excellent capital return.
Our screening of leading companies is based on a quantitative analysis of the cash returns on investments in cash, the position of the industry and the level of management (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social and corporate governance facing the industry). Li Wei: a share of real estate, China real estate.
a) Metals and mining: Chinese aluminium industry (a), saddle steel (a), bountiful steel, Jiangxi copper industry (a), Ma Steel (a), Purple gold mining (a).a Real estate: Huaxia Happiness, Merchant Snakes, Huanko (a), Kimdi Group, Poly Estate, Shi Mau, Hong Kong City.
Statutory disclosures related to companies Ratings, research industries and ratings and related definitions
The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decisions of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Furthermore, each regional investment assessment committee manages a strong regional buy-in or sell-out list with an overall potential return scale; suspension of ratings (rs): we have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to the lack of a sufficient basis for determining investment ratings or price targets, or legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports.
Targets. Investment ratings and price targets previously set for such stocks, if any, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): we have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we have not conducted research on the company. No or no research. (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. (nm): This information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.