The carry-over cycle affected performance without changing the “resources are king” logic The semi-annual report (001979) of 2016 reported a decline in both operating income and net profits. During the reporting period, companies achieved total operating income of $19.396 billion, a decrease of 8.72 per cent.
8.33 per cent. As a result of the carry-over cycle, total corporate revenue and net profits have been significantly reduced, but prior-period sales have laid the foundation for a large annual increase in corporate revenue, while short-term performance has not changed the company’s “resources are king” core logic.
(Billions of yuan, per cent) with a total gross profit contribution of approximately 2,364 million yuan; the second largest operating park development and operation totaled 2,452 million yuan, with a gross interest rate of 27.31 per cent, which, although still higher than community operations, represents a significant decrease of 29.79 percentage points, compared with 57.1 per cent in the same period last year.
The gross profit contribution was only $461 million, and the significant decline in the Māori rate in park operations was due to the fact that some of the scattered properties that were held at the Shenzhen Snake Pass for many years during the same period of the previous year were sold without such an arrangement. Revenue from the removal of the affected park blocks and the same level of Māori rates remained essentially at the same level; the total revenue from the cruise operation was $237 million, a significant increase of 37.50 per cent over the same period, while the Māori rate was 5.83 per cent, which was higher.
The decrease of 62.93 percentage points is due to the gradual increase in cruise lines during the reporting period since the opening of the Prince Shenzhen Bay cruise port in November 2016. The increase in operating costs was greater than operating income, as the cruise tour operation was in its expansion phase.
The annual sales target of RMB 100 billion was 53.7 per cent, with 2.88 million square metres of sales contracted, an increase of 74 per cent and 48 per cent, respectively, for a fast future performance, a source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, and a large reserve of project resources as the basis for future performance growth. In the first half of the year, companies received 16 copies in key cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Nanjing and others.
Quality projects, expansion of project resources of 2.27 million square metres, at a total cost of $35.3 billion. In addition to obtaining resources through the roll-out market, companies are investing in the consolidation of resources within and outside the Chamber of Commerce.
In March 2017, the concept of the Hong Kong Australasia Bay Area was officially established in Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Shenzhen, Shenzhen, Hong Kong.
As an upgraded version of the Pearl Triangle economy, the Bay of Australasia region of Hong Kong, based on the old trade model of the former factory, has upgraded its industry in the context of a “one-way” policy, building R & D and the transformation of technological achievements, international education training, financial services, professional services, commercial and trade services, leisure tourism and health clothing.
Eight major industries, such as business, shipping logistics services, and information technology, are integrated into the world’s first-class Gulf and world-class urban communities. It is expected that the development of the industry in Hong Kong, Australia, will bring new opportunities for the development of professional park operators, such as commercial smugglers, who have extensive experience in the operation of parks. At the same time, the public administration’s forward-looking layout of cruise operations in recent years will also enable it to build a pre-eminence in the industry.
Figure 3: Overview of Integrated Planning in the Australasia Bay Region of Hong Kong, Figure 4: Overview of Integrated Planning in the Former Sea Free Trade Area
The previous year, 28 plots of land were planned to be released, totalling 270,000 square metres. The limited availability of land resources and the critical geographical location of the former sea area are expected to increase the value of the land. The Merchants Group has 3.9 square kilometres of land in the former sea area, with 2.42 square kilometres of land belonging to the merchants, which is the first, or even the sum of the second and third holdings.
“Diversity” accelerates, and the “cobra model” continues to advance. After restructuring in 2015, the company formed three major business blocks: community development and operations, parks, and cruises.
The Māori rate of community operations is declining year by year, and the profits of the park and cruise operations are still on track. The company plans to reduce its real estate revenues to 60% in the next three to five years. Currently, the company is actively working with the governments of Jiangxi Province, Tsangjiang City, Yihangi City, Yu Anjin District, etc., to engage in industrial park rehabilitation and development, integrated regional development, and to recover from the development model of the former port-central zone-back town for merchants.
At the same time, the country’s “one-way” policy has resulted in the company’s downward performance during the reporting period as a result of a roll-over cycle for the replication of its “cobra mode 4.0” abroad. The restructuring of the company has resulted in an accelerated “diversification” as a new corporate development goal, gradually shifting the focus of its operations to more profitable, promising parks and cruises.
The company is expected to enjoy a “one-way” policy dividend that expands the snake-gate model overseas. With the start of the construction of the Bay of Australasia in Hong Kong, the company's vast and scarce land resources in and around Shenzhen will face an increase in value, and the company's ability to realize its assets will be accompanied by an increase in value.
The top 10 prizes (seventh place) for the excellent combination of the financial and intellectual growth of the East, and the Cheong Gang Award.
Dr. Leung Xiaocui. Joined East Hing Securities in 2015 to study the real estate sector, focusing on the transformation of the real estate sector and real estate finance.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The company does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information or the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and the investors are guided by it.
Any investment decisions made do not concern our company or the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.