Sales elasticity emerges, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre is influenced by real estate settlements and structure.
In addition, the development and operation of the corporate park has not been in exchange for short-term performance by disposing of fragmented property, which has resulted in an uneven distribution of the carry-over of real estate projects during the year, with the increase in the carry-over in the second half of the year, which has led to an increase in operating income throughout the year.
In 2017, the final year of the commitment to integrate business and market real estate performance, we believe that there is no uncertainty about meeting the commitment. Billion dollars, a 74% increase over the industry, clearly outpaced the growth rate, with a sales price of $18,842 per square metre.
In the context of market segmentation, regulatory upgrading, and credit constraints, the company’s advantages as a company and a brand house start to highlight the fact that sales can be released on schedule after the value of the stock has been laid, and we expect that next year it will be possible to achieve a cross-cutting increase in sales through a combination of resources and acquisitions, later on.
The ex-Sea Snake Port is growing from the trading zone, and the development of the park is moving fast: on 13 July, the draft integrated plan for the pre-Sea Snake Zone in Shenzhen was launched, and the former Sea Snake Port is increasing from 28.2 square kilometres to 37.9 square kilometres.
The company’s land resources in the Viper Trade Zone are included in the plan, which continues to strengthen the company’s intrinsic value of the resources in the Viper Trade Zone. As of the end of 2016, the company’s former Sea Snake Trade Zone accumulated 125,000 businesses, with registered businesses adding $141 billion.
The net return profits over the next three years will maintain a compound growth rate of 18%, which will be estimated 15 times the value of the company in 2017. Assumption 1: the company is the first practicer and success model of China’s real estate “city operations” and “sustainable development.”
(b) Assumption 2: company deep-farming area development and operation, with a focus on spatial planning, while the company's land reserves in the former sea, snake mouth, Prince Bay, etc., are abundant and are a core beneficiary of the Bay of Australasia district in Hong Kong and are expected to operate in 2017-2019.
On the basis of the assumption that the company has become the largest operator of the cruise port and is developing well. The income from the construction and operation of the cruise ship industry is expected to increase steadily and the Maori rate is expected to remain essentially unchanged for the period 2017-2019.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.