In the first half of the year, the company lost 8.72% over the same period, mainly due to the uneven distribution of the company’s real estate projects over the carry-over time and to different factors of the type of project carried over, both the size of the settlement and the Māori rate declined. According to the Profit Forecasting Compensation Agreement between the Commissariat and the company, if the company had withheld non-net profits of less than $10.3 billion for the entire 17-year period,
The company's current book advance of $68.2 billion is sufficient to settle the balance, and we consider the fulfilment of performance commitments throughout the year to be an approximate event. Industrial park development is experienced, and the pace of replication is accelerating.
The unit has developed and operated deep-farming parks for nearly 40 years, and since 1979 has developed the first outward-looking economic development zone in the country, the Snake Point Industrial Zone, which has accumulated a wealth of experience in urban development and operation.
During the reporting period, the company's “snake-point model” accelerated the landing of its thematic industrial parks in several cities, including Guangzhou, Chongqing, Qingjiang and Jiangjiang, as well as the new cities of Shenzhen and the other more than a dozen priority industries projects.
On April 1, the Central Chinese Communist Party (CPC) and the State Council decided to establish Yu Anxin District. In the meantime, the former Secretary of the Shenzhen City Council Xu was transferred as Governor-in-Charge of Hebei Province.
In the construction process in the region, the snake vent model is expected to be replicated at an accelerated pace. Sales have increased significantly over the same period, and diversification has been actively expanded \triangleright \triangleright
During the reporting period, companies achieved 53.7 billion yuan in sales contracted, an increase of 74 per cent over the same period, and 2.88 million square metres in sales contracted, an increase of 48 per cent over the same period. In the first half of the year, companies received 16 excellent projects in important cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Nanjing and others.
In addition to gaining access to resources in the market, the company is actively expanding through diversification. The company has worked to promote the integration of resources with major shareholders, both within and outside the group, and this year launched the first project of cooperation with China-China and the China-China Overseas Shipping Company, the South Tong City Portgate Housing Project; in addition, the company signed strategic cooperation agreements with the Wu and Steel Group and the Kun Gang Group, respectively, and adopted them.
A joint venture has been set up to upgrade and develop the land resources of the cities in which it is located in order to enhance the value of the land.
There are three core product lines for “one-story” apartments, “one-size” condos, “one-end” high-end service apartments, as well as several projects in Beijing, Tianjin, Wuhan, Chongqing and other cities to transform their own property into apartments, with a three-year plan to create a national branding and to become a “Chinese Chief Rent Apartment Leader” brand.
1. Industry Dynamics Report: High-temperature weather continues, North Kyoto has policies in place to support the rental market 2. Industry Research _ Industry Dynamics _ Sales Investment Double Back
3. Industry research 3. Industry research _ industry dynamics _ high temperature _ low-season season iii. profitable predictions and investment proposals
Investment proposals: We believe that the company has substantial land resources in the heart of the Bay of Australasia in Hong Kong and is expected to benefit from development planning in the Bay of Australasia city complex in Hong Kong; and, with its deep experience in industrial park development, it is expected to be deeply involved in the construction of the NZ.
Xu Wu, Research Assistant for the Real Estate Team, Master of Economics, Chinese Economic Research Centre, Beijing University, joined the civil securities in July 2016. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,