In the course of the next six months, nine persons, including the Chairman, the Managing Director, the Vice-President and the Director of Finance, are scheduled to move through the Shanghai Stock Exchange trading system (including but not limited to centralized bidding and bulk trading).
The next increase in ownership, through spring-wing investments and spring-and-sun investments, holds a total of 1.54% of spring and fall aviation shares. This increase, based on the intrinsic value of the tied portion of directors, senior managers and companies, will promote a sustained increase in the level of short-term earnings for the company's shareholders and management.
Convergence of interests further boosts investor confidence and enables companies to implement a non-public share-stocking programme to attract fund-raising.
The slowdown in the introduction of aircraft has been sustained by increasing fare prices, and in 2019 a rebound in the new market: a net increase of only 6 aircraft in the company in 2018 will bring the fleet to 82 by the end of the year.
Slowness will curb corporate ask growth, but in the context of the current shortage of resources at first-line airports and the reform of the air supply side, deployment to the three- or four-line market will also slow down, reducing the drag on revenue levels.
After the increase in ticket prices was marketed, there were 37 routes in spring and autumn, accounting for over 40% of the ask, and the international route.
Sea Satellites, and the construction of a capital airport in 2020, will provide time-saving resources and, on the front line, the market is expected to have less impact on the level of returns, the logic of low-cost corporate development returns and growth continues. Spring and fall aviation, with its cost advantages and efficient management team, will maintain high operational efficiency as a result.
As the industry improves, the opportunity for accelerated growth will arise. Spring and Fall is our low-cost aviation leader, and the business model is recognized in the market.
Warm, slowing down in 2018 by raising fare prices, returning to high input to the front line in 2019, low-cost aviation policies in the Yellow Sea have not moved as fast as expected, oil prices have risen significantly, and financing for these increases has not been forthcoming.
Appendix: Summary of forecasts of three statements Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market, after which the final rating is calculated on average and used as average market investment