An increase in coal production during the first quarter of the year supports a steady increase in profitability: on April 27, the first quarter of 2023 was published. Coal energy in the first quarter of 2023 (6,1898.sh)
Source income from business was 59,158 million yuan, a fall of 4.2 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother was $7,155 million, and the increase in coal block production supported the increase in profitability.
Production of 33.3 million tons, an increase of 9.2 per cent over the same period, of which 30.51 million tons, or 12.1 per cent more than the same year, was due mainly to the continued increase in releases from the sea, and 2.79 million tons of coal refined, a decline of 14.9 per cent compared to the same period.
RMB/tonne, 12.9 per cent lower than the previous year, mainly due to lower sales of coal in commodities, resulting in a 14.7 per cent decrease in transport costs and port miscellaneous costs.
Of this amount, 365,000 tons of polyolefins were sold, an increase of 10.9 per cent in the same year, resulting in a fall in oil prices, leading to a drop of 8.4 per cent in the price of polyolefins; 645,000 tons of urea, an increase of 7.9 per cent in the same year, a rise of 7.2 per cent in single-ton production, and a similar increase in Māori levels; and 507,000 tons of methanol, an increase in the same year.
In the short term, the company’s own coal production \triangleright increased mainly from coal mines in the ocean, which it expects will reach 15 million this year.
In the future, the company reed ditch coal mine (2.4 million tonnes/integrated coal-chemical industry) will improve the quality of the industrial chain.
The West company plans to invest 23,888 million yuan in a project to build a coal-deep processing base in the middle coal saloon forest, which is designed to produce 2.2 million tons of methanol/year, 900,000 tons of polyolefin/year, 1 eva and 3 units of polyolefins, mainly producing high-end polyolefins.
Developmental thinking, extension of the coal industry chain, promotion of coal clean and efficient use and high-end transformation of coal-chemical products, increasing profitability through integrated industrial chain layout
Capabilities, reduced profit volatility. cindasecuritiesco., ltd Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: High Medium Coal Energy Shares and Internal Growth leads to Performance Growth Predicts
Building No. 1 of 9 Downtown West Side, Beijing. We believe that with the increase in electricity and coal supply in the second quarter of the "summer summer" and the recovery of demand downstream, coal prices are expected to support and domestic power prices are expected to stabilize.
Risk factors: uncertainties in the macroeconomic situation affected by the epidemic; geopolitical factors affecting the global economy; uncertainties in policies in coal- and electricity-related industries; safety of production in coal mines
He has been the Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association and has been in charge of research in coal and energy-related fields for more than a decade. He has been in charge of research in the coal sector since 2019 and has been in charge of research in the coal sector for more than a hundred subjects of national research on coal exploration and development planning, revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations.
Li Chunzhi, cfa, Member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, and Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly responsible for research on large energy panels such as coal, electricity, gas, etc.
Minister of Investment and Industry, who has worked for years in the first line of coal production, in the technical management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects, management, etc., joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the coal industry. Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States, with three years of experience in industrial research and electricity.
Market-based reform, Virtual Power Plant Applied Research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022, engaged in electricity industry, Xinhua, Master of Finance, National University of Australia, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, engaged in coal and electricity research.
Wu Bojing, a Master of Industrial Economics from Jilin University, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022, where components of the coal industry were not, were not, were not, and would not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical opinions or views in the present report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.