Epidemic shock short-term performance; advancement of the integration of apparel operations - 2019 & 1st quarter 2020
The company published its annual report in 2019 and its quarterly report in 2020. The company achieved a steady increase in revenue of $21,104 million in 2019, a decline in revenue from 2020q1 affected by the epidemic, a steady increase in corporate revenue in 2019, and a share in automobile glass and floating glass operations in terms of products.
Continued improvement. The corporate performance has fallen the same as before in the first quarter of the year, as a result of the sale of Fortune shares in recognition of investment returns, the full term of the Fysam project, exchange gains and losses, payment of compensation by Illinois, and the United States surcharge on customs duties.
Factors such as the integration of the apparel business, the improvement in the exchange rate rate by 2020q1 The decline in the company ' s 2019 Maori rate by 5.17 pct, which affected the company ' s gross grossness by factors such as the period of integration of the car apparel business, the sale of floating glass, and the increase in the depreciation amortization of the car glass business, respectively
The revenue structure (2019) The cost rate for the first quarter of 2020 decreased by 4.04 pct on a year-on-year basis, with an increase of $202 million in exchange rate gains compared to the same period last year, and financial cost decreased by 5.17 pct on a year-on-year basis.
The product structure is optimized and the sam aluminum brand assets are more integrated. The product structure of the company is continuously upgraded, insulation, sound insulation, head-on display, modifiable, ultraviolet, aversion to water, solar energy, capped modularization, etc., increased by 1.72 pct on a year-on-year basis.
At the same time, the company acquired the German sam bauxite assets and Jiangsu accessories, developed and enhanced the company’s ability to integrate car glass into the aluminium apparel market, and enhanced the competitiveness of the company’s products. Downstream customers sold less than expected, industry policy changes, exchange-rate fluctuations, etc.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, is responsible for producing this report independently and objectively and for ensuring that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeking to reflect the author's research views clearly and accurately and that no third part of the conclusions are drawn.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.