The year 2019 and the year 2020 are the year 2019, when the company achieved business income of $2.1010 billion, a year-on-year increase in its performance, as expected.
The company’s performance has declined considerably as a result, for example, of a lower rate of offshore sales. The company’s share of overseas revenues is almost half as high as it is, the epidemic is spreading abroad, and the company’s short-term performance is expected to be under pressure.
The lower (0.7 pct), lower domestic revenue from the external sale of glass has contributed to an increase in the d&a share (-1.3 pct), net of which the turnover rate has remained stable. On the cost side, sales and management costs have increased by 0.9% and +59%, respectively, a small increase in tandem with income; R & D costs have decreased by -8.3%, mainly for materials; financial costs have decreased by +113.3%, mainly due to exchange gains; and four cost rates of 21.3%, equal to the same.
The total profit was mainly due to the same exchange gains of $1.2 billion, the sale of 75 per cent of Fukuton's shareholdings in Beijing during the same period the previous year recognized investment gains of $660 million, the loss of Euro37.71 million during the integration period in Germany, the alleged breach of the exclusive distribution agreement by the subsidiary Foyoeli Noi, which paid damages of $39.29 million, and the liability of approximately $11.3 million by the United States Cataloguing Customs Company, netting off the total profit from these factors of the same rate of 7.5 per cent; and the net profit from the parent of the same amount of 29.7 per cent.
2019q4 non-performance growth and Māori rises in the ring ratio. 2019q4 domestic car sales fell by a narrow margin, with public revenue of the same year as +7.2 per cent; Māori ratios of the same ratio of 4.9 pt but ring ratio of 0.4 pt; companies are expected to control costs, with 2020 q1 falling under the impact of the new crown epidemic, performing better than industry overall. 2020 q1 vehicles affected by the epidemic are expected to perform better than industry.
Production and sales decreased significantly, with corporate income rising by 15.5 per cent, beneficiary domestic share rising, overseas income by almost half, and income fell significantly better than industry; the Māori rate was 34.4 per cent, compared with 4.6 per cent, mainly due to the consolidation of accessories and the increase in the ratio of car and car, with a slight increase after deduction of the impact; and corporate sales, management, R & D costs, respectively.
Largely due to exchange gains of +210 million and losses of Euro12.218 million during the sam consolidation period, the total profit for these factors is equal to 22.3 per cent; net profit for mothers is equal to 24.1 per cent. The spread of the epidemic abroad will be overstretched in the short term, and the prospects for integrating sam to raise the value of the bicycles are promising. As a result of the spread of the overseas epidemic, Europe and America’s entire company stopped production in mid-March 2020, it is expected that the company’s overseas industry will suffer short-term performance pressure.
With a market price of Euro150-200 on April 28, 2020, the car value is higher than the carbs, which can also be integrated with the aluminum bars, and is expected to be a new growth point when the integration is completed. US companies achieved net profits of Euro97 million in 2019, and the same amount is expected to increase.
The reduction of $14.9 billion is expected to contribute more to future performance, mainly as a result of the impact of fines imposed by the subsidiary Foyo Illinois, as a result of the increase in the production of the gas, the increase in the production of the product and the increase in the extra-legal sales.
Xingasp rose by 3.7%, 20q1 high-value products by 2.1pd, and the structure of the product was continuously upgraded.
Glass of Favour – Performance meets expectations, overseas operations are profitable 1) — Chinese-American trade conflicts escalate; 2) automobile sales fall short of expectations; 3) costs such as raw materials rise.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations