The company is the leading financial-it software company, leading the city of the core system.
The traditional business mixes with the stock industry, is cyclical, and the industry’s position and bargaining power can achieve high elasticity and stability in different cycles. At the same time, active research and development is being carried out.
The product directly affects the core business of financial institutions, so customers are sticky, and the moat effect is evident. The company’s dominant position means that the industry is in a state of “food” elasticity, and negotiates.
Traditional cyclical characteristics of business can be broken by developing growth-oriented business. Companies are working on this goal through high inputs that they can use with artificial intelligence and cloud computing.
Among the historical opportunities for transformation, financial science and technology, i.e., clouds, are emerging in more than 10 billion classes, and the space for companies to grow is opened. On the one hand, the penetration rate of the successive 12 ai products has been rising, and on the other hand, the cloud has been laid for many years, relying on Ali as a major shareholder.
New clients, such as new systems such as financial innovation and open-door policies, and financial companies, have shown up in the near future.
Investment transactions, information disclosure, valuation, performance control, and other integrated core systems. As a result, traditional business is expected to work in tandem with growth-oriented business, leading companies to fast-track development after 2019.
Due to the demand for the new system and improved cost control, the net profit forecast for the period 2018-2020 is 59, 42 and 32 times higher (original net profit figures are 560 million, 760 million and 980 million, and ps are Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc.)
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations Computer: Computer applications Yang Si-Wung
Helium electrons. Helium electrons. Helium electrons.
The company is the leader of the financialit software industry, and the dominant position of the financialit software market is that Hensen Electronics Inc. ("Hongsin Electronics" or "Corporates") was established in 1995 in Hangzhou and is in control in 2003.
In April 2014, the company’s controlling shareholders (the Hensing Electronics Group) were Ma Yun and Xue Xian Xian and ants.
Gold uniforms sign the agreement that the ants will acquire 100% of Zhejiang bonds through the purchase of additional shares in Zhejiang bonds and the acquisition of surplus shares of existing shareholders. The ants gold uniforms will thus become the first-ever shareholder in the electronics. As of the third quarter of 2018, the ants hold 20.72% of the shares in listed companies; and, of the top 10 shareholders, the company management and founder, Peng Peng Pyeong, among others, together hold the compact.
7.68% of equity. The company ' s main shareholder structure has remained stable over the years.
Households/areas, mainly involved in software business, partly in investment, management consulting, real estate, etc. Maintain a good growth dynamic. Net profits fluctuated considerably in 2016, as a result of the financial industry landscape and constant network fines. Companies provide financial institutions with comprehensive software and solutions, forming rich product lines.
uf 2.0, Fund Registered Brokering System ta4.0 and Investment Trading System o32, etc. (numbers are mainstream product versions), the market share of corporate products has been high in the core business of financial institution clients (figure 6), in which the core management product investment system accounts for more than 90% of financial institution clients.
On November 18, the President of the Chinese Financial Society and former Governor of the People’s Bank of China, Zhou Xiaochuan, attended the ninth session.
The new finance summit also gave a presentation in which it was stated that “the financial sector, particularly commercial banks and insurance, was in principle an int company”, which he understood as “traditional finance has always been the dominant user of IT and financial technology” and “financial industry is also the largest purchaser of IT technology”.
According to idc, the size of China ' s insurance interest market amounted to $22.5 billion in 2017 and will exceed $42.3 billion by 2022, 13.8 billion yuan a year, with an annual compound growth rate of about 15.2 per cent.
For example, in 2017, the securities companies that issued the first three investments amounted to $580 million, $550 million and $410 million, respectively. At the same time, according to the Securities Futures Agency, there is a high level of investment in research and development.
The Technical Governance Practice Guide (pilot) provides that the average amount invested by a securities firm in the last three fiscal years should, in principle, be not less than 6% of the average net profit in the last three fiscal years, or not less than 3% of the average operating income in the last three fiscal years. Thus, it can be assumed that an investment by a securities firm should be in the tens of billion-dollar order.
The size of the market for software and services in the int system of clients in the financial sector, as a whole, will quickly exceed hundreds of billions in 2-3 years, with ample room for upgrading in relation to the company’s current collection of more than two billion dollars. User stickyness is the natural moat.
Core systems in the financial category typically impose high requirements for indicators of stability, high co-processing, and real-time. For example, the securities industry is essentially an information-intensive industry, where quick and accurate access to information, etc., and its utilization becomes the key to the success of all parties in the market.
Point, multiple and dispersed risks turn into single-point centralized risks, and if the centralized system fails, it will have an impact on corporate operations. In fact, there are significant incidents in the industry due to the malfunction of the system.
On May 29, 2015, the two cities experienced a wide-banding shock, which marked a 4% drop in the first half hour of the opening of the market, amounting to 543.2 billion yuan. Under the pressure of short-term daily turnover, the trading system, which includes multi-contributors, such as securities, Chiru securities, and State-Thai King-Ann, is highly sticky because of the huge impact of the core system on the overall operations of financial institution clients and therefore the fact that customers are usually not easily replaced.
In the above-mentioned ISE technical guidance on centralized trading systems, the process for upgrading and changing the system is also regulated: (1) requests for changes should be initiated by business or related demand persons; (2) upon approval by the company ' s central trading operations management body, organizational development; (3) requests for changes are tested by a joint testing team of business and technical staff; and (4) by the company ' s central trading operations management body.
The company, with its pre-emptive advantage and its strong R & D and product capabilities within the industry, has taken a leading market share among downstream customers. By doing so, the company is able to expand its market over a higher base of users and a lower rate of loss.
Al and Clouds: Breaking through cyclicality, fostering growth Classification in 2013 broadly divides the product phases of the company into two periods: (1) the period of traditional products up to 2013, dominated by the provision of financial instruments software; and (2) the period of emerging products after 2013, when the company began exploring cloud, artificial intelligence, block chains.
The cyclical nature of traditional business provides a priori indicators of corporate performance projections (i.e., the financial industry landscape); and the growth of emerging business provides the basis for sustained growth in corporate performance. As they overlap, they mean that the value of corporate investment will rise rapidly.
The traditional business cycle is strong and the “food” business means high growth The downstream customers of the company's software products are financial institutions, whose budgets are generally proportional to the size of the current year's collections, so that the performance of the company is driven to a certain extent by the performance of institutions such as the coupons, which are considered to be the “shadow shares”.
When we compare the company’s growth rate with the overall performance of Shinwan Securities, Shinwan Software Development plates (the increase is being consolidated), we find that the company’s match with the voucher plate is even better than the software plate. Markets have a good understanding of the cyclical attributes of companies during the company’s traditional product period: from the company’s listing in 2003 to around 2013, the company’s performance in the public domain has increased.
The trend in the share price of the division has converged with the trend of the big picture, where the market expected the equity industry to have a better view and firm performance to grow at a higher rate, driving the company to higher profit forecasts and valuations (figure 14).The company introduced the financial cloud platform holms in 2013, gradually introducing a new business model that will accompany the 2014-2015 cattle market performance.
Road growth (figure 15), suspended after 2015 with tighter financial regulation. As this cloud pattern continues to revolve around the industry’s internalization of securities, it remains closely related to the cyclical nature of downstream industries.
If the market expects the financial sector to warm up, it will directly push the company’s performance (expected) up. The discussion in the following section shows that, in the context of improved policies of financial innovation and financial openness, the company’s performance is improving.
From informatization to intelligence, the industry has grown up to great opportunities The cyclical properties of a company's business have had a repressive effect on the valuation level, to break through the cyclical properties, and to discover new ones.
The financial-it sector is entering a large technological upgrading cycle from informatization to intelligence, which is an important current industry opportunity. From around 2013, companies are actively exploring artificial intelligence, cloud computing, etc., in line with industry trends.
Existing financial-it solutions are mainly digitized and networked financial data, certificates, and transactions, and a number of supporting automated tools and software have emerged. But tools are more networked, visualized, and processed for financial information than for the intelligent use of data. A typical example of the financial-it-networking phase is Internet finance, the main achievement of which is traditional letters, loans, etc.
Financial operations, such as investment, move to the mobile Internet, which does not support more intelligence per se. As can be seen in the Internet business model map, regardless of the balance sheet, the online bank, the public fund-raising, the Internet microloans, etc., are just a channel for matching investments or transactions.
The introduction of financial technology means that financial technology has opened a smart chapter. China’s tight regulation of Internet finance has led many Internet finance companies to “change their doors” and call themselves financial technology companies, making the early concepts of financial science and technology model.
But with the emergence of technologies such as artificial intelligence, big data, etc., it became clear that the use of smart technology represented the gradual removal of artificial factors from the financial chain. The opening point for the fintech phase was around 2014, with several landmark events.
Three times as many as in 2013; on the other hand, an ant gold suit was set up in October 2014. An ant gold suit from the development of payment treasures corresponds to the information age of semi-automated tools and the age of smart finance technology.
The entry threshold for the traditional financial sector is over millions of dollars, the rate is over 1 per cent, and the investment threshold and rates for wealthfront are relatively low (based on web data, the current rate is 0.25 per cent). Wealthfront also hires high-end financial consultants to provide high-quality financial advisory services that provide services of no lower quality than traditional finance. Low-threshold and low-cost operations are achieved through cheaper and more affordable services.
Advanced technologies and systems gradually replace people. Smart product matrices guarantee pre-emptive advantage formation, an ant gold suit was created at the end of 2014, before it entered into permanent electronics, and companies started publishing cloud products in 2013.
Since 2017, companies have come up with a vision of “simplifying finance,” accelerating investment in artificial intelligence and rolling out 12 products. As a result, companies have gained a pre-emptive advantage in the financial intelligence wave.
The size of the market for artificial intelligence is over $400 million, which is a quantitative increase compared to the amount of idc to RMB 348 million in 2016 and RMB 625 million in 2017. The idc further anticipates that the financial sector's artificial intelligence market will be larger than 50 per cent, or more than $3 billion, over the next five years.
Since the era of big data, the financial sector has been a focus of investment in new technologies, and artificial intelligence is no exception. For example, machine learning technology can be used to cover behaviour recognition in anti-fraud settings, and dialogueal artificial intelligence services can be a substitute for almost 80% of manual policy development. In March 2017, “ artificial intelligence” was first included in the report on the work of the National People's Congress; on July 20, China.
On 9 November 2018, the Sino-Kang Village Management Committee, the Beijing Municipal Financial Work Bureau and the Beijing City Science and Technology Council issued a circular on the publication of the Beijing City Development Plan for Financial Science and Technology (2018-2022), expressing support for artificial intelligence technology in identification and anti-fraud,
Quantified transactions, investment consultants, customer services, risk management, auxiliary regulation, and other financial applications. Financial innovations in products and business models, wait-to-be, as software firms, the industry in which the company operates is gaining momentum.
Cloud software is of particular importance to companies. Because of the weight involved in core products, this is one of the disadvantages that constant software products now have to face, and it is the cloud that helps to lighten the product. At the company’s annual action session in u+ in December 2017, the uf2.0 product manager said that users of this core system feel “less upgraded, too complicated to upgrade” or “too many upgrade packages”.
These problems can be addressed to a large extent by upgrading the linear, back-office and timeliness systems. Thus, President Liu Xiaofeng presented the “hundsunonline” strategy at the inaugural session in February 2018, which included four aspects (figure 20.hundsunonline strategy).
For China’s market, the size of the domestic financial cloud market rose from $3.15 billion to $6.3 billion in 2015-2017, a 45% increase in 2017; the market size of Paas grew from $3.15 billion to $3.3 billion in 2017, according to China’s Industrial Information Network.
310 million has risen to 650 million, an increase of about 55% in 2017. The study on the size of China’s financial sector market situation and investment trends for 2018-2023, published by the Ministry of Research, predicts that the financial cloud market is expected to reach $20.9 billion in 2020, and that a potential challenge for the 2016-2020 capr cloud platform is in terms of regulation and regulation, but policy incentives remain in the main direction.
The platform can accommodate requests from various remote clients. The management of these requests, for example, is done mainly through an open user account, so the system requires that the user identity of the account be reconciled. If an int system platform is responsible for the management of accounts and assets at the public cloud level, it is not consistent with the regulatory responsibility of current domestic investors. Thus, the current cloud platform is more of a private cloud in financial institutions.
But cloud computing, as an advanced technology, provides centralized management access, integrates global data, enhances network reliability and resilience, and connects to different systems. In the long term, the policy end is expected to drive finance on the basis of a well-designed regulatory system. In the Guidance for Active Promotion of “Internet Plus”, issued by the State Council in 2015, explores the promotion of Internet financial cloud services.
In 2016, the former Banking Supervisory Board issued the “13th Five-Year Guidelines for the Regulation of Development Planning in Banking Information Technology in China,” which indicated that it would explore the construction of private cloud platforms, the formation of resource elasticity, flexible movement control and dynamic measurement platforms, the joint planning and construction of banking-oriented public cloud platforms, and the formation of public infrastructure, public interfaces, public applications, etc., as part of a set of technical public services; the banking sector should be stable.
By the end of the 13th Five-Year Plan, all major information systems for the Internet scene were migrated to cloud computing platforms, while other systems were migrated at a rate of no less than 60 per cent.
The company’s shareholders, Ali, are very powerful in the cloud computing platform. An ant gold jackets and Aliyun launched the “Ant Cloud Project” in 2016, with the goal of providing cloud computing services to 50,000 financial institutions around the world in the future.
We believe that cloud products can bring new dynamism to financial-it firms at both the product and business model levels. At the level of improved financial regulation, the modest liberalization of financial innovation will hopefully help companies move into a new phase.
The driving force behind the growth of traditional financial operations The cyclical nature of corporate operations in the traditional financialit system and the high degree of co-mutuality between the financial and especially securities sectors. If the current point is in the upward cycle, it means that there is a greater likelihood of rapid growth in performance.
Products, new customer generation or change, new technology-driven product upgrading, and customer-differentiated customization needs. A breakdown shows that the growth of different lines of business has been driven by companies offering sector-wide software products to financial institutions, bringing the number of fund companies to 46 to be approved. As of 26 October, 11 fund companies had been approved this year, and individuals were public funds.
There are seven companies. There are fluctuations in the number of private fund-raising funds and the number of public fund-raising institutions has generally increased steadily.