Congregation (300661.sz) The two products of São Paulo, the alternative to national production for growth, the twin product lines of the simulated chip, together, drive the growth of the company; unlike other model chip manufacturers in the country, the public, the public, and the private sector.
In 2020, 66% of the revenue came from power management chips and 34% from signal chain simulation chips, which generated $466 million more than any other home-grown analog chip company.
The products are widely used and the market capacity is large enough: the downstream applications of power management simulation chips and signal chain simulation chips are dispersed, and all electronic and informative products are involved, so the growth in demand is not coming from a single field. At present, new technologies such as 5g, autopilot, artificial intelligence, and networking are flourishing.
Electronicization and automation of an increasing number of products, with trends in signal chain simulation chips and power management simulations $ billion, projected to increase to $58.6 billion in 2021, an increase of 8.6 per cent, based on data from tmr and icinsights, about $25 billion in 2019 in the size of the power management simulation chip market and about 100 in signal chain simulation chips.
Millions of dollars. The large market capacity of power management simulation chips and signal chain simulation chips provides companies with sufficient markets for a wide range of services, which are replaced by beneficiary countries: companies use a “diversity, elasticity, segmentation” series of products to serve a wide range of markets, in areas such as communications, consumer electronics, industrial controls, medical instruments, automobile electronics, etc.
In 2019, 38.11% of the company’s revenue came from non-mobile consumer electronics and 25.10% from mobile phones, about 20% a year. As mobile phones enter the stock market, the company’s income increases from industrial controls, medical devices, etc.
The balance is being sold, with an additional two or three hundred dollars a year, which is expected to benefit from the dividends of the larger trend of national production substitution in various areas.Jung Xiangjun’s performance has grown rapidly, and the Maori rate has continued to rise: corporate income has been growing steadily since 2012.
In the emerging markets, performance entered a high-growth period, with companies achieving revenues of $792 million in 2019, an increase of 38.45 per cent in the same year; in the first three quarters of 2020, companies achieved revenues of $863 million, an increase of more than the year in 2019, one power source management & two-wheel drive of signal chain chips
Founded on 26 January 2007 and listed on the start-up board on 6 June 2017 with a stock code of 300661.sz. The company uses the Fabless non-crystal circle model, which focuses on high-performance, high-quality simulations.
Cost-type electronics, communications equipment, industrial controls, medical instruments, automobile electronics, as well as new electronics such as networking, new energy sources, ready for wear, artificial intelligence, smart homes, smart manufacturing, 5g communications. (i) Convergence action agreements consolidate the control of the founders.
The top four shareholders of the company, Hong Da Yongtai (100% shareholding by Zhang Shilong), Peli Hongya (100% shareholding by Zhang Qing), Harbinsu (100% shareholding by Linlin), and Hong Wai International (100% shareholding by Wenli), signed a concerted action agreement to support and consolidate Zhang Shilong's control. So, although the company's apparent ownership is fragmented, the founder is Zhang Zhang.
Shilong was born in 1966 with a doctorate. He was an engineer at the Professional Design Institute of the Ministry of Railways and an instrument engineer in Texas. Since April 2012, he has been Chairman and Managing Director of the Crown.
(ii) Focus on R & D, with over a thousand product types. Companies have been using “diversity, convergence, fragmentation” as a strategic objective for product development. Since their establishment, new product lines have been growing, product functions have been refined and applications expanded to meet the growing diversification needs of their clients.
Depending on R & D, R & D costs have increased annually, and R & D rates have increased from 9% in 2014 to 17% in 2019. In terms of employees, the number of company employees has increased from 201 in 2014 to 399 in 2019, with R & D staff remaining at about 60%.
Increase to 1,000 in 2017 and over 300 rolls in 2019, maintaining the rate of roll-out of 200 to 300 new items per year. Currently, more than 1,400 products are sold, at the forefront of domestic counterparts. (iii) Power management & signal chain simulation chips together drive corporate growth
Unlike other analog chip manufacturers in the country, corporate power management chips and signal chain simulation chips weigh together, and the two product lines together drive the growth of the company. In 2019, the company achieved $792 million, a 38 per cent increase. About 69 per cent of this came from power management chips, and about 31 per cent from signal chain simulation chips. In the first half of 2020, the company achieved $466 million, a 57 per cent increase.
From the history of corporate development, the growth rate of power management simulation chips (26.72 per cent in cagr, 2012-2019) is higher than that of mobile phones, which have increased significantly with the rapid growth of the domestic market. From 2014 onwards, the revenue share of power management simulation chips has been higher than that of the letter chain, and has gradually increased over the years. This is mainly due to the higher use of power management products in the consumer sector.
A larger number, the company has successfully seized the opportunity of emerging applications such as mobile phones, smartphones, and tws headphones in recent years. Second, industry space is large, benefiting from pan-electronicization (i) simulation chips are an essential part of integrated circuits.
Integrated circuits can be divided into simulated chips and digital chips in large groups. Simulation chips refer mainly to integrated circuits that integrate resists, capacitors, transistors, etc., into integrated circuits that are used to handle continuous-function forms of analogue signals, and can be divided into power management simulations, chips, signal chain simulation chips, radio frequency chips and others: digital chips are algorithms and logical calculations of discrete digital signals.
According to wsts, the global simulation chip market was about 53.9 billion US dollars in 2019, the annual power management simulation chip market was about $25 billion, and the signal chain simulation chip was about $10 billion. Compared to the digital chip, the simulation chip had a complex application, long life cycle, low cost but stable, and more sequenced.
Simulating chips is not as large as digital chips, but is an indispensable component of electronics. In the real world, information such as light, sound, electromagnetic waves, etc., needs to be processed by computers, and the simulation chip is an essential part of this.
Power management simulators. Power management simulators are power hubs and bonds for all electronic products and equipment, responsible for the transformation, distribution, testing and management of the required power, and the conversion of power sources from one form of efficiency to another, such as the conversion of low voltage inputs.
For high voltage output, the exchange of electricity is converted to straight currents, etc. Because of the diversity of different electronic devices, applications and the power management options required for the setting, the power management chip has a wide range of applications and a wide range of breakdowns. The power management chip product is found in almost all electronic products and equipment, and is the largest market for simulation chips, and it is in the pipeline.
Communications equipment, consumer electronics, industrial controls, medical instruments, automobile electronics, etc. have a wide range of applications. According to TransparencyMarketresearch, the global power management chip market was about $25 billion in 2018, and is expected to grow to $56.5 billion in 2026, with an average annual compound increase of 10.69% between 2018 and 2026.
Data on China ' s power management simulation chip market of 68,153 million yuan in 2018, representing nearly 40 per cent of the world ' s share. Figure 7: Global power management chip market size, Figure 8: China ' s power management chip market size
Because of the wide range of applications and the varying demand for power in various applications, there are a large number of source management chip doors, including battery tubes, dc/dc converters, ac/dc converters, linear stabilizers, power monitors, led drives, lcd&oled displays, drives, etc.
A microchip, requiring at least one ac/dc chip, and most homes using different types of power management chips for different functions. Mobile phones are also one of the important applications of power management chips, which require power management chips to provide power switching, regulating, switches, protection, etc., depending on function, in mobile phones.
Power management chips include backlightled chip, flashlightled chip, camera motor-drive chip, low voltage differential, linear stabilizer, load switch chip, lithium battery protection chip, charge management, etc. Corporate power management simulation chip products cover led drive, motor drive, linear stabilizer, dc/dc converter, lithium power, etc.
Pool charge management and protection of chips, over-voltage protection circuits, load switches, etc. There is much wider coverage and greater demand for power management products downstream than signal chain simulation chips. Corporate power management chip sales in 2019 amounted to $551 million, a very low share of global market capacity of about 170 billion.
Signal chain simulation chips are integrated circuits with the ability to receive, receive, convert, magnify, filter, etc. Physical signals in the real world, such as temperature, sound, photovoltaic, etc., enter the electronic system by converting the sensors into continuous analogue signals.
The machine converts it into a discrete digital signal to store, calculate, and so on. The digital chip, such as the number of words processed by cpu, then transforms the word into a continuous analogue signal through a digital array converter, which is treated as an executor, e.g. displaying, sending, according to the icinsights report, the market size of the global signal chain simulation chip will increase from $8.4 billion in 2016.
In 2023, $11.8 billion, or about 5% of the annual compound rate. In 2019, magnifiers and comparators (linear products) were the highest market size, accounting for about 39% of the market size of signal chain simulation chips. Depending on function, signal chain products can be further divided into linear products, converter products and various interface products:
Linear products: Mainly complete simulation signal magnifying, filtering, selecting, comparing, etc. during transmission, representing products with large emulators, comparisonrs, analog switches, etc. Converter products: complete simulation signal and digital signal conversion, in which analogue signals are converted to digital signal modelling
Digital converter adc, a number-model converter that converts digital signals to analogue signals dac. Interface products: used for digital signal transmission between electronic systems. Company signal chain products start with amplifiers in linear products, with 2016 magnifying-type signal chain products accounting for all signals
Seventy-five per cent of the revenues from chain products are currently covered by three broad categories of products, mainly consumer electronics, dominated by mobile power sources, machine capboxes, and industrial areas, dominated by smart manufacturing and security. Corporate signals chain chip sales in 2019 amounted to $242 million, representing an extremely low share of global market capacity of about 68 billion.
(ii) The market pattern is relatively fragmented and there is still a gap with the international giants in storage of chips, cpu, etc., and the market concentration of simulated chips is low. The total market share of the top five suppliers before 2019 was 49 per cent, while the top ten suppliers combined accounted for 67 per cent, the first of which was the Texas instrumenti, the city.
Figure 10: Global simulation chip market distribution in 2019. The Texas instrument and Yadno are the leading players in the simulation chip, both of which are mainly derived from signal chain simulation chips and power management chips, both of which are in the idm mode. Other listed companies that focus on signal chain simulation chips and power management chips.
China’s enterprises are still far behind Texas instruments and Yadno in terms of the number of product models and the size of their income, mainly using the Fabless model. (iii) A wide range of applications and a trend towards electronicization of benefits.
The downstream applications of signal chain simulation chips and power management simulation chips are scattered, and all electronic and informative products are involved, so the increase in demand is not coming from a single field. At present, the dynamic development of new technologies such as 5g, industrial automation, autopilot, object networking, etc., has resulted in a growing number of products digitizing, automating, and these trends are related to signal chain simulation chips and signal chain simulations.
The power management simulation chip presents more demand, so we see that the Texas instruments (ti) and Yadno (adi) are the world's top two analogue chip companies, and the main income comes from signal chain models, and the development and power management simulation chip is close to the company's business. About 36% of the revenue in 2019 came from industry, about 23%.
Income comes from consumer electronics (including mobile phones), with about 21% coming from automobiles, and the priority applications for future development are industrial and automobiles. About 50% of revenue from industry, about 21% from communications (including base stations) and about 16% from automobiles. Thus, industry, automobiles, telecommunications, consumer electronics are the four most important applications, especially.
It is industry and auto electronics, where demand will increase even more as industry progresses on 4.0 and autopilots. Industrially, car electron-to-communications-to-consumption electronics Inc., like other simulators, has a wide range of downstream applications, including consumer electronics (e.g. mobile phones, tws bluetooths).
In many areas, such as headphones, television, pads, communications equipment (e.g. base stations, etc.), industrial controls (e.g., security, electricity meters, etc.), medical instruments (e.g., electronic bodyrmometers, etc.), automobiles and electronics (e.g., car-borne information and entertainment systems, etc.). In 2019, 38.11% of the company ' s revenue came from non-mobile consumer electronics, 25.10% from mobile phones and communication equipment, and 36.78% from 36.78% from mobile phones.
▪ Non-mobile consumer-type electronics — mobile phones and communications equipment — industrial controls, medical instruments, motors and electronics, III. St. Paul's equity strategy (i) upstream concentration, downstream dispersion
The company is responsible only for chip design and marketing using the Fabless no-crystal factory model, outsourcing the manufacturing chain mainly to the Crystal Circle, generating power from the plant ' s platform, outsourcing the containment testing chain mainly to long-electric technology, micro-technology and Chengdu. With the higher concentration of crystal rounders and seals, the higher concentration of upstream suppliers of the company corresponds to market conditions. From 2012 to 2019, the top five companies were the top five.
The total share of suppliers was more than 99 per cent, with the first largest supplier generating more than 40 per cent of the electricity.The downstream clients of the company were dispersed compared to the upstream ones, reaching thousands of end-users in 2017, and therefore the company adopted a sales model of “predominant distribution with direct sales” to increase marketing efficiency and expand the number of end-users, with 89.56 per cent in 2019.
In this marketing model, companies have a lower concentration of downstream customers. The top five clients for the first five years of 2012-2019 are distributor customers, with the company ' s share of individual end-users being lower. (ii) A wide range of markets for services, with the beneficiary producing replacements.
The company uses a “diverse, comprehensive, segmented” series of products to serve a wide range of markets, with goods in the areas of communications, consumer electronics, industrial controls, medical equipment, automobile electronics, end-products including mobile phones, cameras, tablets, wearables, drones, bed-guards, vehicle-borne entertainment systems, etc., and end-users include associates, Naking, Mi, Long Rainbow, Haikang, etc.
According to company announcements, in 2019, 38.11% of its income came from non-mobile consumer electronics, 25.10% from mobile phones and, as mobile phones entered the stock market, more growth in corporate income came from industrial controls, medical instruments, and automobile electronics. While expanding these established markets, companies are also expanding on new applications such as the Internet, new energy sources, artificial intelligence, and 5g newsletters.
Fields are actively configured, new products are developed, markets are pre-empted, and market shares are expanded. Applications such as smart sound boxes, tws bluetooth headphones, drones, etc., use a number of high-performance signal chain products from companies (e.g. high-speed comparators, high-security audio-drive chips, transport) and power management chips (including lithium battery protection and charge management chips, motor drive chips, ldo, etc.).
In recent fiscal years, the share of income from China was 50%, 24%, and 61%, totalling 88%. Against a background of tensions between China and the United States, domestic end-state producers have a strong desire to replace national production, providing the best window of time for domestic chip producers to replace national production.
Ping, some of the key technology indicators are internationally advanced and can be replaced by national production in a variety of areas. With local advantages, firms are deep-ploughing domestic markets, closely aligned with market demand, responding quickly, and expanding market shares. As relatively rich domestic producers of product types, companies will enjoy the dividends of the larger trend of national production substitution in various areas.
The percentage of São Paulo shares in 2019 was 0.81% and 0.71%, respectively. If the proportion of São Paulo shares increased (i) the performance analysis of São Paulo shares accelerated after the year, the company followed market trends, and the emerging markets were actively placed in smart sound boxes, tws bluetooths.
The introduction of multiple high-performance signal chain and power-management products in applications such as aircraft, drones, etc., brought company performance into a high-growth period, with the company earning 792 million yuan in 2019, an increase of 38.45 per cent in the same year; the company earning 863 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 61.56 per cent in the same year over the whole of 2019.
As more high-end products are successfully developed and marketed on a large scale, and as the industrial sector expands successfully, the Māori rate of companies continues to rise to 50.88 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, up more than 10 percentage points from 2016.
High to 61.60%, an increase of 10 percentage points compared to 2016. The Māori rate for corporate power management simulation chips has also risen year by year, reaching 47% in the first half of 2020, an increase of 14 percentage points compared to 2016.
Figure 17: Mäori rate of São Paulo shares, Figure 18: Mäori rate of signal chain simulation chips, Figure 19: Mäori rate of power management simulation chips
(ii) Analysis of São Paulo ' s equity profitability
Figure 21: São Paulo net interest rate on sales of São Paulo shares, Figure 22: São Paulo equity asset turnover, Figure 23: São Paulo equity multiplier
(iii) Analysis of the quality of São Paulo shares performance, with the exception of 2018, where the company ' s net profit of more than 90 per cent is derived from recurrent earnings and the net profit is more sustainable. In terms of net profit cash content, the net profit cash content of the company in 2017 and prior years is approximately 100 per cent and the net profit is of high quality, 2018
Since then, the net profit cash content has been only about 80% and is relatively low, mainly because part of the net profit is derived from investment earnings and is not part of the cash flow from economic activity, and after excluding the impact of the return on investment, the net profit cash content of the company exceeds 100%.
Figure 25: Cash content of net profit on São Paulo shares V, profit projections and investment proposals 56.43 per cent increase in the first half of the year, taking into account the trend towards electronicization of products and the wide range of applications of corporate products.
(g) Sustained growth rate (g): 4 per cent (close to the gdp acceleration)
Corporate equity cost: 6.11 per cent (based on the capital asset pricing model (risk-free rate of return + Beta* (equity rate of return - risk-free rate of return)), based on which the weighted capital cost of the company (wacc) can be calculated at 6.01 per cent.
The growth rate calculates fcff for the following year, and finally converts fcff to the company wcc.
In this scenario, the proportion of contributions to sustainable value is as high as 88.80%, 88.46%, and 88.10%, respectively, and wacc and g are the two most important factors influencing the sustainability of value. A sensitivity analysis of these two factors reveals the range of changes in each share of value.
Although the company's relative valuation is relatively high, absolute valuation is reasonable, taking into account the market space in which the company is divided and the potential for substitution of the company's national production, we still rate the investment in “buy-in-b”.1 There is a risk that new products will not be developed as expected: the number of products sold by the company is much lower than that of international competitors and needs to be developed continuously.
New products meet customer needs, and if new products are not developed as expected, they will affect market development, and sales revenues may fall short of the risk of short supply of pre-arranged 2, crystal round workers and seals: companies use the crystal circle model, crystal round manufacturing and sealing are done through outsourcing, and companies may not be able to complete order production or need to pay more if they are in short supply of crystal-dry mills and sealing plants.
High costs, which may affect the sale of company products or the Māori rate.3 Risk of increased competition: the current number of companies entering the power management chip area in the country may result in increased competition