Non-Golden Financial Insurance, China Peace (601318.sh) Investment rating: buy-in (first time)
Twenty-five years of life insurance nbv is resilient, dividends policy is positive, 25q1 performes better at opat and nbv.
In China, the net profit from safe 25q1 collection and repatriation fell by 5.2 per cent and 26.4 per cent to 23.28 billion yuan and 27 billion yuan, respectively. The decline was mainly due to a one-time financial loss of 3.4 billion dollars from the pool of good doctors and schedules.
To $37.9 billion, core life insurance operations benefited from a higher growth rate of nbv34.9 per cent and a marginal increase in profit at a 5 per cent rate, a better rate of 3 pct to 96.6 per cent lower than the same rate, and an increase of 0.2 pct to 1.3 per cent in the same rate of return on non-annual combined investment in group insurance funds, and a driving set.
Twenty-five years of life-threatening capacity, with high levels of exposure to explosives, and silver-market coverage are expected to rise rapidly. The net return profit of safe life-risk operations 25q1 and the return of the mother-opat account for 71.7 per cent and 70.9 per cent of the group, respectively.
It's still a core pillar of operations: $3.37 and $35.4 million per month on average, and the traditional risk-diversion short-term is challenged by changes in client-to-house matching and sales logic, so 25 years of risk requires a number of blasts and strategic products.
Supported. 25q2 securely rolled out the golden-up-red-sum final sushi version, which is popular with the possibility of a high red settlement rate with an independent split account, coupled with a basic law that would facilitate the retention and development of the team if the first three hundred thousand dollars were to be paid; and the sales of the product's hot sales drive would be in danger.
The liberalization of the “1+3” restrictions (Notification on matters related to commercial banking agency insurance, issued in May 2424) in the external banking sector has not been long, and the number of Internet points opened by the Sino-Sinoe is still growing rapidly.
The way to achieve a good silver bond: 3 and 25 years of Margin still have a lot of room for improvement, 25 q1 with a first-year safe nbvmargin up by 11.4 pct to 28.3%. We believe that the year-round nbv remains margin-driven, on the one hand.
This year's main sales premium was lower, with a safe discount rate of 7.5 per cent and less than a plct, which resulted in a greater decline in the Red exposure margin than in the past, and a greater risk that life insurance in the second half of the year would continue to lower the scheduled rate, as well as a positive deviation in operations last year.
There are still some adjustments to the assumptions, possibly in preparation for the upcoming merger of a risk profile, which we expect will also raise the level of margin; 4 and life insurance will also face challenges, mainly due to the decline in manpower for high performance (diamonds/drills) as a result of weakened basic management.
The high rate of risk clearance has passed, and the capital of the technology branch has been processed or closed. The market’s concern for safety is real estate risk and the management of the technology subsidiary’s risks, which we believe will be disposed of.
The high margin is already over: 1, the single-listed Peace Bank, the credit and asset impairments of the rest of the Peace Group in 21-24 were 31.2 billion, 10.6 billion, 20 billion and 43.3 billion, respectively, mainly in life insurance and finance.
Real estate holdings in the life insurance component are more clearly disclosed in the insurance portfolio, i.e., safe acceleration of risk impairment in a 24-year-old warehouse balance environment; real estate risks in the capital block are concentrated mainly in trusts and inactive subsidiaries, mainly linked to the national property cycle, with the current 70 medium-sized cities selling houses.
We believe that large financial institutions, such as banks, have been able to withstand the impact of the balance sheet, compared to the amount of Happily disposed of in the safest real estate exposures, and that there are still significant real estate-related impairments in 25-27 years.
2. Compared to the 18-20 cycle of safe export and separate listing of technology affiliates, the strategy for peace has changed in recent years, with the technology section renamed Financial Enabling Business, with greater emphasis on financial synergies, and the four major listed players having undergone changes in sales, privatization and pooling schedules, with land gold being peaceful.
In 24 years and 25 q1, the combined financial impact was recognized by the combined tables of $12.76 billion and $34.1 billion, respectively, and we expect that after 25 years of disposal of the sale of car houses and the privatization of financial transactions, there will be no more one-time financial impact of such operations.
1. Willingly, the peace dividend policy, while pegging the popat, maintains an absolute value increase per share of cash, for example, with the negative impact of a 19.7 per cent decline in 23 years of popat, the company will continue to increase the annual share of cash by 0.01 to 2.43 dollars and maintain a positive growth in absolute terms;
Limitations on solvency, pressure on other subsidiaries to dispose of property risks, on the one hand, by regulating countercyclical adjustments to the ability to pay for life insurance, including a further 10 per cent reduction in the risk factors for equity investments, an extension of the two-generation transition period, and, on the other hand, by the Group ' s Board of Directors in April 25th, by means of internal distribution.
The bill, which does not exceed $50 billion in bond financing instruments, can supplement the core by issuing capital supplementation when needed.
No part of the remuneration received by a person has been, is not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly linked to specific investment opinions or views in the present report.