q1 Performance Reverse Growth with High Rates of Growth for the Year
1 shows a negative growth in performance, increasing profitability, and the epidemic affects a negative growth in performance. The company performed better than the industry, starting early in the engineering field, with 80% capacity at the end of February. Re-engineering of the demand end of the downstream continued in March.
As a result, q1 sales in 20 years and Māori have increased slightly over the same period last year. q1 is mainly used for the start-up of towers and pumps in real estate, as construction starts earlier than in real estate.
The Māori rate and net interest rates have risen in the same year. The q1 Māori rate is 30.56 per cent, compared with the increase in support for distributors and customers, mainly due to the epidemic.
After the quarter of q1 in 2020, and after the quarter of q1 in 2020, the year of high annual growth, q2 is expected to grow robustly. As a result of the new crown epidemic, the engineering and machinery industry generally experienced a delay in market demand and the traditional “season” in 2020.
Since March, the impact of the epidemic has been phased out, the demand for downstream construction markets has been fully activated, the rate of start-up of major national projects and engineering and mechanical equipment has been gradually rising, the demand for end sales has begun to be repaired, the policy of countercyclical regulation has been on the ground, and we expect an improvement in the rate of growth of the q2 infrastructure is expected.
The company, as the leader of the industry, is expected to see strong growth in the sale of q2 products. Throughout the year, the landscape of the engineering and machinery industry, with strong capital and real estate investments, has continued, and the need for environmentally friendly equipment replacement remains.
The company’s position on the tower is further highlighted, with the city now accounting for more than 40%, and is expected to grow steadily in 2020. Engineering cranes: facing a six-way upgrade in the country, sales are still on track in 2020, the city’s share is consistently at the top three levels, and growth is expected to go beyond the industry. Concrete machinery: pumps from
Around 9000, sales are expected to continue to grow faster in 2020. The high-altitude platform is well under way, and products are widely appreciated by clients, promising new growth points for companies.
Performance meets expectations and continues to grow for 20 years.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board