A negative growth was achieved under the shock pressure test, with a year-round performance of billions of yuan, a 2.4 per cent increase in the same year and a net profit of 870 million yuan, a 6.1 per cent increase in the same year, and an operating net cash flow of 320 million yuan, a 82.9 per cent decline in the same year.
In the long run of the epidemic, the market share of the core product continues to rise, the market share of the core product continues to rise, and the emerging business portfolio is one.
Under the pressure test, the firm achieved a double growth in revenue and net profits during the quarter, re-testing the firm's certainty and high performance elasticity, behind the firm's negative performance growth during the quarter was the continuous increase in the competitiveness of its core products and the boom in its potential for emerging business; and the cost rate continued to decline during the quarter.
Good performance. The 2020q1 concrete machinery sales grew significantly, market shares rose significantly, market leadership was further consolidated, profitability continued to rise; the company was expected to make a good start in the second quarter and throughout the year, with a year-round growth rate of more than 25 per cent and a year-round growth rate of more than 25 per cent.
The reason for the significant increase in the market share of concrete machinery is that 1) innovation and R & D of products will be enhanced, with multi-market competition will continue to be industry-led. New products of power; 2) changes in the management and mechanisms of the Ministry of Concrete Industries, with end-to-end sales models and improved incentives;
3) Strengthened marketing and service systems; 4) company downstream customers have been sticky and there has been a marked improvement in client power over the last two years; 5) companies are well prepared and productive for this year, so we do not think that the fire of the Small Green Army during the quarter is a waste of time, and it is hoped that the year 2019 will be followed by a significant increase in the share of the construction crane market; the construction crane market will be large in 2019
The scale has continued to rise steadily, with sales falling significantly below industry averages; the towers have continued to dominate the industry, achieving high growth against a background of a low rate of start-up in the past quarter, and the industry’s leadership has expanded further. The new business plate has begun to show great potential for development in the first quarter, with high growth in farm panel revenues, roll-out of scavengers, and so on.
New items are sold hot in the market; excavators have made breakthroughs from 0 to 1 and sales have increased by more than 200 per cent on a quarterly basis; platforms for high-altitude operations have opened well in the past quarter, with a significant increase in income size coupled with a significant increase in profitability, and the use of new and emerging businesses will bring new strong growth points for companies and help smooth industrial cycle fluctuations.
The positive feedback from a sustained increase in corporate profitability during the quarter and a sustained drive for high-quality development. The cost of 2020q1 fell by 16.9 per cent over the same period by 1.6 pct, with sales costs, management costs, R & D costs, financial costs, as the size of the company's debt was reduced and financial costs were optimized, and financial costs began to decline significantly during the quarter, year-round.
Driven by decline, scale effects, tight management costs, etc., the cost rate will fall further over the period. The overall product share will increase in a quarter, and the profitability of emerging businesses will increase the overall Māori rate, which is expected to rise further. The net cash flow for corporate operations will be $320 million in a quarter, down from $320 million in the same period.
82.9%, taking into account the delays in client payments caused by the impact of the epidemic in a quarter, and the company’s policy of supporting clients and dealers in a sexual way, the cash flow of the company has become excellent, providing positive feedback on the company’s continuing high-quality development. The second quarter and the year are expected to continue a good start in a quarter, with the pace of growth continuing to be the industry’s lead.
With the accelerated resumption of industrial activity since March and the strengthening of countercyclical policies, industry has been able to compensate for the strong growth brought about by the release of demand and the increase in investment, which is expected to continue at a sustained high rate throughout the two quarters and is expected to slow down throughout the year, and subsequent sales are expected to continue to exceed expectations. Given the different types of engineering machinery themselves,
We believe that the second quarter and the year, in turn, are concrete pumpers, towers, excavators, engineering cranes and other concrete machinery products, with companies with high-scenario breakdowns accounting for the highest share of production compared to industry, and that plus the continued upswing of market shares and emerging business exposures, the company will continue to outperform the industry at an approximate rate of growth.
A high 40-50% growth in corporate revenue is expected in the second quarter, with a high growth of more than 25% over the year, taking into account the cost of shares, and a higher rate of profit-end growth than at the end of the harvest. Global epidemic control is not as fast as expected, downstream recovery is not as fast as expected, industry competition is increasing, and capital and real estate investments are not as fast as expected.
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.