National cash vouchers Securities Centre for the Study of High-end Equipment Manufacturing and New Materials
Q1 sales are expected to be at the same level as in 2020, with q2 expected to grow strongly.
The profit rate rose significantly, with business cash flows growing by 23%, to the best level ever. The beneficiary industries were characterized by a high profile, a steady increase in the market share of company-owned products, and the persistence of product structure.
3. Three-quarterly report performance growth of 167 per cent is as expected, with net interest rate of 9.9 per cent in 2019 increasing by 3 pct over the same period, q4 confirming that higher R & D costs result in a single-season net gain 4.
The firm’s net operating cash flow of $6.2 billion in 2019 grew by 23 per cent in the same year, reaching its best level ever. The company’s working days are 201 days, a significant decrease of 79 days in the same year, and the business cycle has been connected to the health levels of the last cycle, with a significant increase in operating capacity.
Significant growth in revenue from the main quarter product concrete machinery and cranes, benefiting from industry heights + share increases 1) Concrete machines, cranes (including engineering cranes and towers) achieved revenue of $13.9 billion, an increase of 37-76 per cent compared with the increase of 37-76 per cent, and the domestic share of vehicle cranes/carriers increased by the same amount
Wang Huajun, for the following reasons: optimized product marketing structure, with a greater share of long-arm pumpers than Qujio; the introduction of new items by car cranes, with a stronger pricing capacity; and lower tower crane costs and stable sales prices.
As a result of the new crowning epidemic, the traditional “wang season” of the engineering and machinery industry was delayed in 2020. Since March, the impact of the epidemic has been phased out, downstream construction market demand has been fully activated, and national infrastructure projects and engineering machinery have been under way.
The rate is gradually rising, countercyclical regulation policies are falling, and industry demand is rapidly released. Throughout the year, capital and real estate investments are resilient, the engineering and machinery industry continues to have a climate, and the environment is becoming more stringent and the need for renewal is still in place.
2) According to the latest records of investor relations activities, company sales of q1 are expected to be on par with the same period last year, with a slight increase in the number of cement machines, towers, a drop of about 10 per cent in engineering cranes, a high rate of growth in the low base of the platform and a near-total sales of q1 excavators.
The excavator has launched nine products covering 6t-48t lines, with a product coverage of 93%, with a small 5% reduction in fuel consumption, a 10% increase in efficiency, and an improved adaptive capacity compared to the competition. Investments in capital estates have fallen short of expectations; sales in some product industries have declined; and new products have not expanded as expected.
An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: