In the light of the impact of the epidemic, the company's concrete machinery has been difficult to break through and has turned up, with a marked increase in product sales in the first quarter of 2020 and a sustained market leadership, with pump product sales increasing by 25 per cent compared to the 25 per cent increase in sales in March, reaching the peak of sales in recent years, with industry head-to-head swings. The strong market for company concrete products has been amply highlighted.
Cement machinery continues to be a market leader, with one quarter of the concrete machine, the Small Green Legion, showing a remarkable increase in its share of the market throughout the year. According to the Association, the total volume of pumped vehicles fell by about 25% in January-February, and the mixer by nearly 65%.
The market share has risen considerably, and the demand for the towers has risen significantly in March, with a marked recovery in the volume of pump and blender sales, which is expected to increase by the same amount, and the volume of the blender, which is also very hot, full of orders, more small industrial plants, back-to-back work.
There is still a projected decline of more than two digits, with the pumping industry expected to drop by nearly 10 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the low sales in the blending industry, resulting in some small and medium-sized manufacturers being pushed out of the market, with the company ' s share falling by about 40 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Over 30 per cent over the same period, 25 per cent over the same quarter of pump product sales, the best-performing mainframe plant in concrete machinery, the market share of company pumps is expected to rise to around 45 per cent in a quarter, close to 15 pcc above the same period, fully highlighting the strong market competitiveness of company concrete products; early in the month, the company adjusted 5 per cent and 10 per cent for the imported Benz chassis 3 and 4 bridge pumps.
Prices, also on April 9, ranged from 5 to 10 per cent for concrete pumps across the board, with two major oligarchs in the industry increasing prices, reflecting the high demand in the downstream industry, which helped to improve the competitive process in the industry and boost the profitability of listed companies, and we predicted that the pump industry would sell more than 3,500 units in the second quarter, an increase of about 30 to 40 per cent in the same year, and that the company would sell more than 1,500 pumps, the same year.
The impact of the epidemic is high, the start-up rate is low, the volume of industrial sales has declined significantly over the past quarter, the volume of corporate sales is expected to decline significantly below the level of industry, the market share has also increased significantly, the compensatory demand recovery rate for blended cars will be relatively flat, the downward pressure on the economy has become more difficult to implement strict anticipatory policies, the volume of blended cars is expected to remain relatively stable throughout the year, and the growth of company blended cars is largely dependent on an increase in market shares.
The combined effect of changes in the regime of goods, the best services, management and marketing, the launch on March 11 of the Web of the smallest and longest pumps in the industry, the brand-new upgrade of the product, which represents the industry’s leading technology, multi-billion dollar bulk delivery, the start of a quarter of “Small Green Army” fire, which is expected to replicate a 19-year-old sharp increase in the share of the vehicle crane market.
The towers have moved from the largest to the strongest in the world, and will continue to grow rapidly for 20 years. With the launch of the company’s towering smart plant, the volume of sales in 19 went up by $10 billion, sales doubled for four consecutive years, the market share rose further to about 40%, and the market share has been at the top of the domestic ranking for 11 consecutive years.
The technogenic and innovative genes, with orders of nearly $5 billion in two hours at the Towers New Ordering site at the end of the 19th, highlight the company’s product and brand’s leading position and voice in the industry. The rate of recovery is relatively low in one quarter, the industry as a whole is expected to achieve a drop of more than two digits, and we expect the company’s tower sales to be almost at the same level as last year, significantly better than the industry.
The company’s share of the market has risen further, with a greater resistance to the resumption of the construction of the small and medium towers under the epidemic. According to the industrial chain, the company’s towers are intended to explode and the market is hard to find, and we expect that the engineering cranes will continue to grow steadily in the second quarter of the year.
The vehicle crane industry recorded a similar drop of almost 20 per cent, and industry sales were about 20 per cent in the first quarter, while company sales were expected to decline by about 10 per cent in the first quarter, significantly above the industry average, although the rate of main plant start-up has returned to a high-season level. However, industry sales fell last year as a result of higher base levels, such as value-added tax reforms, vendor promotion, etc., and started in the second quarter.
The pace of growth in sales will gradually improve, and the current level of industry ownership, some downsides in some parts of the world, and the speed at which new aircraft will fall will discourage companies from buying machines in 2020, making it difficult to magnify the demand for cars in the context of infrastructure promotion, which is expected to grow by 0.5 per cent throughout the year, while companies are expected to grow by around 10 per cent.
In 19 years, companies made a major breakthrough in high-capacity areas in black-horse positions, and 20 years of high-growth growth, more than doubling, against a backdrop of hand-held capacity and off-shore market power. Global epidemic control is not as fast as expected, downstream recovery is not as fast as expected, industry competition is increasing, and capital and real estate investments are not as high as expected.
Bank of China International Securities Inc. Yang Shao Fai