On April 29, 2020, the net profit from withholding was $870 million, an increase of 6.1 per cent over the same period; and the return per share was $0.14 per share.
During the first quarter, the net profit from corporate collections and repatriations grew in reverse terms, with a significantly higher rate of performance than the industry average. Profitability continued to increase.
Net interest rates amounted to 11.6 per cent, an increase of 0.7 pct over the same year; weighted average net asset yields amounted to 2.6 per cent, with a sustained increase in the level of net interest rates, an increase in the average net asset rate of return, and an increase in overall profitability.
During the quarter, the Ministry of Industry and Construction delivered products to a large number of customers throughout the country, with a one-time delivery of nearly billions of dollars of equipment to customers in the east of the country. The monthly sales of company heavy engineering machines continued to rise, with the largest share of the city.
At the same time, the sales of the company's concrete pumps increased by 25% in one season, and in March the sales peaked in recent years. In March-April, the company delivered nearly $200 million in light-quantity blenders to several Jiangsulong heads.
Concrete companies, the largest distribution in history. The cranes and concrete machines are the post-cycle products of the engineering and machinery industry, which is expected to reach a peak of renewal in 2020, with a combined collection of 83% of the company cranes and concrete machines, with a strong lead in the corporate sector in 2020.
In the first quarter of 2020, company excavators increased by more than 600% on a year-on-year basis. The company's recognition of excavator products in the market has gradually increased, with an emerging advantage. In addition, the company's high-altitude machinery has a good start.
The first echelon into the field of high-altitude platforms in the first year of entry into the industry was widely appreciated by clients: the company’s new high-millimeter arm was successfully marketed, creating new business growth points. Investment advice: the company is one of the leading companies in the engineering and machinery industry in the country.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.