High performance growth, sustained industry performance, high performance growth, and sustained growth in Māori rates and net interest rates. Companies performed well in 2019.
In 2019, the Māori rate rose by 30%, compared to 2.91pc, and the net interest rate by 9.87%, compared to 3.05pc. Cash flows from corporate operations reached $6.219 billion, up from $6.219 billion in recent years.
In 2019, the company realized revenue from concrete machinery, and the company sold concrete equipment better than in the same period last year, with the same 25% increase in the volume of pump products. The old equipment continued to be upgraded, and the new and old capital grew at a year-round rate of capital growth in 2020.
Increased sales of long-arm pumps, but the company ' s rate of māori in concrete varied from 35.56 per cent in 2011, mainly due to dependence on imports for hydraulics and chassis, supply chain disruptions caused by an outbreak overseas, delayed build-up of demand, high demand for engineering machinery in March/April and mismatch between supply and demand
Prices increase. Price increases help raise the Māori rate of the product. Billion dollars, an increase of 77,57% over the same period. Engineering cranes benefit from the introduction of new products, and market rates continue to rise; construction cranes are the world’s number one sales.
The sale of cranes was lower than during the same period last year, and the sale of construction cranes remained almost equal over the same period last year. The first full reporting date: 20 April 2020, the strategic transformation of agricultural machinery, and high-altitude platforms and earth machinery are expected to grow.
The agro-machinery business will continue its strategic transformation, focusing on high-end products. The high-altitude platform, with the energy of its arms, is expected to generate high growth this year.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, submits this report independently and objectively and ensures that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, seeks to reflect the author's research views clearly and accurately and does not constitute any third step in the conclusions.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.