On March 31, 2020, the company's business performance continued to grow at a high rate of rapid growth in concrete and crane machinery.
The company achieved revenues of 43.31 billion yuan, an increase of 50.9 per cent over the same period, a net return of 4.37 billion yuan to the mother, a sustained increase in demand for renewal, driven by rapid growth in exports from countries along the “one-way” route, a boom in the engineering and machinery industry, a strong market demand, and a two-fold sale of the company's products.
In sub-operations, the company’s main business product, such as concrete machinery/heavy machinery/other machinery, has grown rapidly. Profitability has continued to increase and cash flows have improved. In 2019, the company’s Māori ratio was 30 per cent.
Increases of 2.9 pct for the same year; net interest rates of 9.9 per cent for the same year and 3.1 pcc for the same year; and rose of 10.8 per cent for the same interest rate and the same level of rose continuously, while the cost rate continued to optimize over the period and the overall profitability continued on 31 March 2020.
The turnover of accounts receivable reached 1.8 times, an increase of 0.5 times in the same year; the turnover of corporate inventory and accounts receivable continued to increase, operating efficiency and repayment capacity continued to increase. In 2019, net cash flows from operating companies reached $6.22 billion, an increase of $1.16 billion in the same year, and cash flows continued to improve.
The company’s performance indicators are constantly improving, with its quality reaching record high in 2019. Tower sales have reached $10 billion, and its arm-based high-altitude platform has achieved volume production. The company’s leading product market competitiveness has continued to increase, with the towers breaking the 10 billion mark in 2019, becoming the world’s premier tower.
Companies with 10 billion annual sales. The company’s share of the market for engineering cranes has been the best in the last five years, and the domestic market share for automobile cranes and mounted cranes has risen by more than 6 pct and 10 pct, respectively.
The Division is ready for potential markets such as high-altitude platforms, earth-based machinery. The high-altitude platform operations are rapidly developing, arm-based smart lines are yielding, entering the first year of industry into the field of high-altitude platforms.
The company is one of the leading companies in the engineering and machinery industry. We expect the company's “market index” reference point to be 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.