The company recently released its annual report for 2019, during which it achieved operating income.
(hksccnomineeslim: strong growth in superior products and favourable market position: 22,147 million yuan in business income from corporate cranes and concrete plates in 2019.
The growth has been accompanied by an improved product structure and a rising level of profitability. In 2019, the competitive edge of the company’s market was further enhanced, and the scale of the global sale of construction crane machinery was achieved.
At best, the domestic market share of automobile cranes and mounted cranes exceeds the relative depth of 300 indexes by 6 pct, 10 pct, and achieves the strategic goal of "three minutes."
Improved management capacity and sufficient cash flow: The cost for the company period in 2019 was 25.60 per cent, an increase of 5.87 pct over the year. This was due to an increase in the cost of sales; the company ' s R & D inputs continued to increase, with R & D rates rising by 2.75 pct over the year;
Corporate accounts receivable and inventory turnover increased by 0.50 per cent and 0.57 per cent respectively, and since 2016 there has been a steady improvement in corporate liquidity and a marked improvement in the quality of business, while net operating cash flows to the company reached $6,219 billion, which has reached a record high.
Greater cash flows and high operating cash flows have led to high-quality performance growth.
Real estate, capital investment increases at a slower rate than expected: fitting building roll-out does not meet the expected risk: Lu Dalya Engineering machinery upgrades at a less rapid rate than expected: market competition increases the risk: raw material prices
On the income side, the company ' s operating income has recovered continuously since 2017, reaching $43.307 billion in 2019, an increase of 50.92 per cent over the previous year, close to a high performance in 2012. The company ' s net return profit in 2016 was 9.34 per cent.
In terms of sub-operations, the market competitive advantage of corporate cranes and concrete machines has been further enhanced, with construction lifting, the scale of machine sales being the world's first and industry's dominant position being further consolidated; the market share of engineering cranes has reached the best level in the last five years, and the domestic market share of automobile cranes and mounted cranes has risen by more than 6 pct, respectively.
10 pct, achieving the strategic goal of “three-point-a-half”. In 2019, corporate cranes, concrete machines, respectively. Chart 2: Rapid growth in corporate cranes, concrete machine business income, business management capacity and sufficient operating cash flows.
In 2019, the cost of the company ' s period was 25.6%, an increase of 5.87 pct over the same period. The cost of sales was 11.90%, an increase of 3.61 pcc over the same period, mainly due to higher costs associated with sales-related freight costs, insurance, after-sales services, etc. The company ' s overall ability to manage risks and the quality of its operations improved significantly. The company ' s asset turnover has been maintained since 2016.
In 2019, the turnover of corporate accounts receivable and inventory was 1.79, 2.84 respectively, up 0.50 and 0.57, respectively. Corporate operating cash flows also continued to improve, with net operating cash flows of $6,219 million in 2019, an increase of 22.81 per cent over the previous year, a further historic increase.
Corporate business management, risk control, resource synergies have increased significantly, market leadership has become stronger, Māori rates have steadily increased, profitability has increased significantly, operating cash flows are abundant, business indicators have been consistently healthy, and the performance of companies has grown in quality in 2019.
As a result of the sudden new coronary epidemic, sales of the major varieties of engineering machinery are expected to decline in 2020q1, and the company’s performance has increased or will slow down in the quarter. But, throughout the year, the role of capital investment in a stable economy under the shock of the epidemic has been highlighted, and capital investment in 2020 is relatively modest, with an increase in capital investment expected to rise to around 10%.
As capital and real estate sites progress steadily, we anticipate a rapid recovery in sales of the major varieties of engineering machinery in 202002, and firm performance is expected to grow robustly in the second quarter. Real estate, capital investment are growing at a slower rate than expected; assembly construction is being expanded at less than expected risk; engineering machinery is being upgraded.
The pace of substitution is not as fast as expected; market competition exacerbates risks; and the price volatility of raw materials.