202001 Performance Supermarket expected, continuing to benefit from an upswing in the industry Events: Companies issued a first-quarter report in 2020, 2020q1 achieved revenue of 9,067 million, 2020q1 recorded a small increase in performance and supermarket expectations: 2020q1 achieved revenue
90,67 million, a 0.55 per cent increase in the same year, a net return to the mother of 1,026 million, a 2.39 per cent increase in the same year, a net profit of 870 million, a 6.06 per cent increase in the same year, a small increase in performance in the first quarter affected by the epidemic, and a supermarket forecast. The combined Māori rate of 2020q1 was 30.56 per cent, compared with the same period last year.
The company's “business system” was relaunched in the year, and the marketing function of the product line was returned to the business sector, with heavy machinery, total equity/flow (millions of shares) and the market for concrete machinery products becoming more competitive, with the share of concrete remaining “one in two”.
Total market value/flow (millions)
The best level. The first echelon of high-altitude operating machines entered the national high-altitude operating platform field in the first year of the industry, becoming the company’s new business growth point.
ze60e-10, ze75e-10, which is favoured by the market, has now more than doubled the country’s provincial distribution services network, looking at the needs of engineering machinery during the season, and is expected to become a strong growth point in the company’s future.
The countercyclical policy continues to benefit from an upswing in the industry: the first quarter of the epidemic has had a significant impact on the domestic economy, as well as on the external needs of the recent growth of the overseas epidemic, which is expected to continue in the country.
On April 17, the Central Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China (CPC) at its meeting noted the need to promote the upgrading of the transition.
The impact of large macro-level policies on the epidemic needs to be more aggressive, with more active fiscal policies, the 3-quarterly performance instrument of the Central and Central United Nations Office at Geneva (000157) raising the deficit rate, issuing a special national debt against the epidemic, increasing the number of local government-specific bonds and raising funds.
By the end of the first quarter, the country had been upgraded.
An additional debt of $10.82.9 billion has been issued, the issuance is well ahead of schedule, capital investment will be maintained at a high rate, capital investment will increase, and companies will continue to benefit from a higher profile of the industry.
Practice Qualifications Code: 2020q1 performance supermarket forecast, continuing to benefit from increased industry climate 2020q1 performance supermarket forecast, continuing to benefit from improved industry climate
Eight years of work in the financial sector, including Robot Trend. Before entering the financial sector, there was a wealth of business experience, production techniques, markets and strategies in the fields of engineering, machinery and automobiles.
The Center, which joined the Pacific securities in July 2017, is good at bottom-up investment opportunities. The Center, which joined the Pacific securities in July 2019, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities based on industrial trends.
He worked at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre and joined the Pacific Securities Association in July 2017.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.