On December 29, 2024, Chinese Chinese car (stock code: 601766.sh)
Events: On December 29, cr450 was launched in Beijing. Cr450 was launched and the product spectrum was further expanded. Our high-iron technology has introduced digestion re-innovation - autonomous innovation - comprehensive innovation, 200 km per hour from the initial introduction of foreign technology.
The Crh series was launched in 2008 at 350 km/h, and the Chinese Standard Rally for Regeneration, which has a fully autonomous intellectual property right, was first launched in 2017, and the 600 km high-speed magnetic float transport system was successfully delineated in 2021, with the Chinese vehicle products constantly being upgraded.
Cr450 mobile model vehicles, including cr450af and cr450bf, were produced in China by lupei_yj@chinastock.com.cn under the flag of the Quadripartite and Longbus companies, marking their official implementation since 2021.
Cr450 has made a major breakthrough. Cr450 can run up to 400 km per hour, breaking down decompression, decomposition noise, full-factor and quantitative system integration of three large sets of technology, high-power long-magnets, Wang Xia
Key technologies such as tractors, time-sensitive train network communications, multi-level control braking technology, and high-threshold speed, high-security racks, have built up a technological system of 400 km per hour, and high-iron technology leadership has continued to expand. Cr 450 releases have enabled medium- and high-speed group product spectrometry to be achieved.
Further expansion and upgrading is expected to lead to a further increase in the profitability of the company’s railway equipment operations, as the Cr450 fleet moves at higher speeds per hour in the future. The railway industry continues, and the demand for new and maintenance is expected to remain high.
kilometre, of which approximately 2,300 kilometres are high; the number of railway passengers delivered is projected to be approximately 4.3 billion, or 11.7 per cent, for the entire year. On the one hand, the demand for car start-up pits, caused by three years of low procurement, was gradually released, and on the other hand, 70 million irons were set in 2035, according to the New Era Railway Pre-Plan.
In the long run, it is expected to be more than 200 groups per year. In addition, there is a large stock of railway vehicles in need of security upgrades and a high number of moving units.
A new round of large-scale equipment upgrades, old internal combustion, and an earlier phase-out of motor vehicles. The National Railways Department published "The Old and Old Railways Burning Cars Up " .
The Ministry of Finance has indicated that it will implement a “two new” policy and that the new elasticity is expected to be gradually realized as of next year. According to the Iron Group, 2023
Statistical bulletin, with 22,400 railway locomotives as of 2023, of which 7,800 are in service, approximately 4,000 are in old (over 30 years) and about 2,000 are expected to be released in the next three years, as measured by the replacement ratio of one to two new vehicles 27 years ago.
The Division is expected to fully benefit from the replacement process by issuing seven new energy locomotives.
2. [Galaxy] Company evaluates the increased profitability of Chinese cars (601766.sh), the risk of continued competition for railway equipment, and the risk that overseas markets will not expand as much as expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.