On November 5, 2024, the Beijing City Public Resources Trading Service launched a motor tender.
Publicity, bid range, including: the 350 km/h smart moving vehicle unit (8 formations, generic models), 66 units; the 350 km/h smart moving vehicle group (8 formations, high cold), 10 groups; and the 350 km/h smart moving vehicle group (17 parts).
Market value (RMB): 8.55 yuan in general category, 4 in total (column 2), 80 in total, with larger tenders.
According to the National Railways Agency, the country's railways have been fixed for 23 years.
With the accelerated growth of railway investment, passenger traffic continued to rise, the INT bid continued to warm up, according to Orbital World officials, INTL's new tender for 80 groups of 350 km of Revival on 5 November,
All year round (23-year bidding group 164). With the continued recovery of railway equipment, the public sector will continue to grow in revenue.
According to the National Railways Agency, the number of mobile units increased by 200 per cent over the five-year period 2011-2016, corresponding to an outbreak period of about 23 years.
Out of a total of 108 bid groups, of the two tenders issued in 24 years, 509 have been tendered for class V repairs, a significant increase over 23 years, and a high increase in company-driven fleet maintenance operations. Policies encourage equipment upgrading, and the renewal of old internal combustion vehicles is expected to accelerate.
On the same day, the National Railways Agency issued an update on the supervision and management of the phase-out of old and old railways. By the end of the year, the priority areas of old railways had to withdraw all of them from the rail transport market.
With the introduction of equipment upgrading policies and the introduction of new power engines, the company’s revenues from railway equipment operations continue to rise.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Rail fixed asset investments fall short of expectations; overseas business expansion falls short of expectations; new industry developments fall short of expectations; and exchange rate fluctuations risk.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market