The railway's equipment is strong, and the three-quarterly performance report for 2024 is rated as China's medium vehicle (stock code: 601766.sh).
In the first three quarters of the year, corporate income growth continued to be driven by railway equipment. In the first three quarters of the year, railway equipment revenue was $71,765 million, compared with the previous three quarters.
+36.69 per cent, the increase is mainly due to auto-teams and passenger cars, with the difference between motor/bus/car/car revenue □ lubei_yj@chinastock.com.cn Wang Xiaqi
In the first three quarters of the year, the company's Māori rate was 21.21%, an increase of 0.91 pt over the previous three quarters; the net interest rate was 6.21%, an increase of +0.60 pt. q3 quarter net interest rate on the railway industry continued, and the city track was expected to benefit from the debt. In the first three quarters of the year, the country's railways were fixed.
Assets invested 561.2 billion yuan, an increase of 10.3% over the same period; a new railway line of 1,820 km, of which 1,210 km is high. The country's railways sent 33.3 billion passengers in the previous three quarters, a 13.5% increase over the previous three quarters, which was new to the same period in history.
On the urban track, the Ministry of Finance has recently offered to promote local government debt-diversion, with a market value of liquidity (billion yuan) expected to have a positive impact on the delivery and return of urban track operations.
The elasticity of railway rolling stock is expected to be released gradually. A new round of large-scale equipment upgrades is driven by old internal combustion.
The National Railways has published an updated management scheme for the handling of old and old railways, which should be in the priority areas by the end of 2027.
When the railway transport market is completely withdrawn, and new energy locomotives are encouraged to be replaced. In recent times, the Ministry of Finance has announced that it will implement a “two new” policy, and that the elasticity of the update is expected to be gradually realized from next year. According to the Iron Group statistics bulletin of 2023, our railway rolling stock as of 2023 is 22,400 units.
There are 7,800 medium- and medium-fired locomotives, estimated at about 4,000 old (over 30 years), and about 2,000 new energy locomotive replacement needs will be released over the next three years, as measured by the replacement ratio of one to two new vehicles 27 years ago. In June this year, the company released seven new energy locomotives, which are expected to benefit fully from the replacement process.
1. [Galaxy] Company: China’s Chinese vehicle (601766.sh) has increased profitability and railway equipment has continued 16 times, 16 times, and maintains recommended ratings.
2. [Galaxy] Company Review - China’s Chinese vehicle (601766.sh) signed a new contract of 46 billion yuan in June-July, risk of increased competition for high-level and over-expected repairs to the motor fleet, and risk of less than expected expansion of the overseas market.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the Galaxy securities at the date of their initial publication, which may be issued elsewhere than in the present report.