Central Science and Light (603019) Computers have steadily increased profitability, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) is a two-wheel-drive growth of IT+ New Capital
Realization of net return to the mother, 480 million yuan, an increase of 37.0 per cent in the same year; realization of non-return to the mother, 300 million yuan, an increase of 36.3 per cent in the same year; realization of non-return to the mother, a net gain of 250 million yuan, an increase of 49.2 per cent in the same year; and high growth in the growth of high-performance computers in the main business, with continued positive profitability.
Software development, system integration and technical services around high-end computers generated 42.2/4/4.33 billion yuan, with high-performance computers growing by 16.7 per cent and revenue by 83.9 per cent, respectively, as a result of national production-substitution catalysts.
The cost and cost side are generally well regulated, the Māori ratio of 2022H1 is the data centre into the "Liquid Cold Age" and the "East West Count" project is well advanced. The energy consumption and cost barriers of impregnated cold break-up and power expansion will be the target of a new data centre in the "double carbon" context.
A well-known state-owned bank has adopted a company-provided solution and product for a liquid, green and energy-efficient data centre, with tens of thousands of liquid and cold servers in the Ministry. In the first half of the year, the company built an advanced data centre for the “East and West” production hub (Ghongqing), building on the company's multi-year accumulation of liquid and cold technologies and the synergy of the industrial chain.
Sealight information has been put on the market successfully, observing ecological and customer synergies. The company's 27.96% of the sealight information was marketed in August, 2022h1. Sealight information generated 2.530 billion yuan, resulting in net profit for mothers of 480 million yuan.
Sealight is a scarce domestic high-performance processor designer, product-compatible market mainstream X86 command set with a mature and rich application ecological environment with an internationally same-type high-end processor level. Corporate synergies with sealight continue to deepen in terms of operations, ecology, customer resources, and so on.
It is hoped to benefit fully from the autonomous and manageable wave and to lay the foundation for long-term growth of the company.
In the midst of the new capital boom, it is hoped that there will be a rapid increase in orders, so that 2023, 24 times more, will be given to produce alternatives that do not match the expected risks: increased risk of competition in the industry: the risk of stock price fluctuations in participating affiliates, etc.
In 1993, our first microprocessed chip-based supercomputer, Dawn One, came to life and made a series of breakthroughs in the process of parallelization of the core code of the operating system and multi-line technology, while, as a market competitive product, the Chinese Academy of Sciences promoted a 20 million yuan discount on intellectual property to attract capital.
The company's predecessor, Dawn Information Industries Ltd. was founded. After more than 20 years of development, the company has a deep technical default and a leading computing advantage in the fields of high-end computing, storage, security, data centres, etc., and has a complete base structure product line: in the same time, the company is active in intelligent computing, cloud computing, technological research and development of big data and product services in more than 5010 cities across the country.
A cloud computing centre has been deployed, and the industrial alliance has continued to extend its cooperation in upstream and downstream industrial chains, participating in leading companies in such industries as Chinese science stars and sealight information, building full computing industry ecology, providing real control over digital economic development, new infrastructure development, traditional industrial transformation, etc.
In the meantime, 18.35% of the company’s equity is held indirectly through the Beijing Central Science Source. The company is using the “Advanced Computer Technology Innovations” industry for synergistic innovation; and, based on cross-disciplinary technology in the Chinese Science School system, actively adapts to national production applications, building on the experience of matching a large number of bottom computing hardware with the specialized software in the upper sector.
Figure 2: The stockholding ratio of the company’s major shareholders (as of August 2022) restarted the equity incentive scheme, highlighting long-term development confidence. On April 29, 2021, the company relaunched the restricted stock incentive programme, which awarded restricted shares at $14.65 per share to 524 members of the top executives and the core technical cadres.
None of the indicators is below the industry average or 75 rankings for the target enterprises; the annual R & D cost as a percentage of business income is not less than 5%, and the evaluation of R & D costs has led companies to maintain a consistently high level of R & D input and to promote technological innovation and product upgrading.
National and local policies have continued to drive the pace faster. In recent years, “autonomous control”, “national innovation” and “substitution of national production” have become key terms for national policies, and breakthroughs in key technological areas have been incorporated into international strategies.
Local governments have responded positively by encouraging industry to land through fiscal subsidies, endorsements, etc., and by focusing on the creation of credit clusters and the development of leading businesses. Since 2018, China’s events have highlighted the risk of being stuck in the neck, pushing the message into a fast-track development phase of the “screte cast”, with the State setting up a “2+8” security control system in the relevant areas.
In January 2022, the National Development Commission issued the 14th Five-Year Plan for the Promotion of National Political Information, and the procurement of national production servers is expected to be successful.
In 2022, the trade-based network officially entered a phase of scale-down, in which two major areas, telecommunications and finance, have taken the lead: 1) three major telecommunications operators have designated national product packages in their tenders since 2020.
The previously published first batch of pc servers, 2021-2022, “ + sealight” domestic production servers, about 20 per cent of the year, with a marked increase in the level; (ii) financial letters followed closely by the release by the Bank of China, in the second half of 2021, of the “National Core Server Selection” project, which, according to industry studies, was purchased by servers in the financial sector in 2021
The national production rate reached about 12 per cent and the target national production rate for 2022 is expected to be around 30 per cent.
Centralized procurement of pc servers by China from 2021 to 2022 (Best 1) Project name: winning candidate for the China Bank Co. Ltd. "Node Server Selection" project (second package: c86 server selection) Package 8, 13)
China moved 2021 to 2022p (server centralized procurement (first batch) on 16 November 2021, at 1400 hours, to separate the bid and to complete the evaluation process in accordance with the assessment methodology of the national tender bid application with regard to the legal dimension and the root area of the solicitation documents. The current winning model entered the following.
Procuring agent: Jiangsu Province Tender Centre Ltd., successful model 1 by Wuhan Wang Computation Technology Co. Ltd., bid offer: 2,316,307,637.64 (non-taxed), $2,617,516,602.45 (tax collection) Procurement announcement date: 11 August 2021
ii. Information on shortlisted supplier candidates and shortlisted supplier(s): The candidate(s) in #3 is: Yellow River Technology Group Information Industries Development Ltd., voting offer: 2,260,445,631.22 (excluding taxes), $2,554,303,563.20 (including taxes) The project was evaluated according to the comprehensive scoring method:
The winner of the 4th bid was: Alphonse Co. Ltd., tender quotations: 2,301,303,612.86 yuan (excluding taxes), 2,600,574,782.52 yuan (including taxes), information on candidates for the round-up of suppliers: candidate for first round-up supplier: Dawn Information Industries (Beijing) Ltd.
Second round-up vendor candidate: Association (Beijing) Information Technology Ltd.