Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco
I. Income meets the forecast, net profits slightly exceed expectations, repayments and advances to health, total equity/flow (million shares) increased by 88.5 billion yuan and $4.05 billion, and revenues largely met the forecast, net profits slightly exceeded expectations,
This has led to a positive increase in the net return to mothers in the fourth quarter of the year. Overall, gross operating income excesses the guidelines for the beginning of the year and annual reports slightly higher than performance forecasts are consistent with inertia.
In terms of the quality of operations and statements, cash received for the sale of goods and the provision of services is $949.8 billion.
Two, the price of a bottle of wine has risen, with a series of wines close to 10 billion, and a two-wheel drive has been very effective.
Power transfer, enabling government financing development, 2019: 3456,246 tons of +646 per cent of the year; sales revenue, 75,802 million yuan, higher than expected, removed market concerns about the power of base alcohol production and reflected firm soundness.
In the absence of a direct increase in the price of the plant, the increase in the price of ton alcohol is mainly due to the upgrading of product structure and the adjustment of channels. Average ton alcohol price is 2.7334 million, an increase of 8884 million ton in 2018.
Overseas sales revenue of $2,920 million, compared to +9.46 per cent, or 3.42 per cent, decreased in 2018 by 0.51 pct; overseas sales of 1796.67 tons, compared to 225 tons less, corresponding to the average price of alcohol
162.55 million tonnes, an increase of 19.44 million tonnes from 2018. It is expected that in the future the share of sales revenue from direct distribution channels and the ka direct supply, electricity, teleports, etc., will increase considerably. Consider the 2019 association transaction (the nature of the sale of the goods) with Maotai Group Marketing Ltd.
The group purchase quota is not fully filled. If the group purchase quota rises significantly in the short term, it may have the effect of raising the price of a ton of wine as a result of a partial adjustment of the channel, but the group purchase will have a limited impact in the long run, with a direct sales ratio and an average ton price.
Over the next five years, the price of the puppies has risen to support income, and profits have grown faster. Short-term production of the series of wines has been limited, with a further 30,000 tons of planned sales in 2020, and revenue and profits have increased largely on the basis of price increases, including some products, and upgrading of the product structure.
Currently, the volume of alcohol in the series is nearly 10 billion, ranking it at the top 7 in the country’s white industry; Māori sales have reached 72.20%, and are more profitable than most medium-to-high-end white products. The continued increase in the volume and profitability of the revenue has demonstrated consumer approval of the sauce-showing series.
In 2019, the Prince Maotai earned $3.780 billion in wine sales, maintaining the second-largest single product of the company, while Leather and Han sauce have developed into a billion-dollar monolith. The two-wheel drive will be more effective in the future as production capacity increases and markets expand.
iii. The Maori rate is equal and the cost of production is higher. The advertising and market costs are higher 91.37% of the gross alcohol sales, of which 93.78% of the gross alcohol sales are equal to +0.04 ptt; 72.20% of the series is equal to +1.15 ptt. The average ton price of the low alcohol is higher by 8.72%, but the Maori rate is higher by 8.72%.
The same ratio, mainly due to higher increases in direct labour, fuel and power in production costs, with sales costs, management costs, R & D costs +27.48 per cent, R & D costs +15.81 per cent, publicity and market expansion costs +35.99 per cent, respectively, representing 81.57 per cent of sales costs.
Quarterly management costs of 8% are an important reason why profits are growing less than revenues. Increased investment in R&D costs is largely reflected in significant increases in employee salaries and R&D co-payments.
Cost is higher, with a combined net profit rate of 51.47 per cent plus the corresponding increase of 0.10 pct.IV. Capital year & 1455 planning run-years, capital investment is expected to accelerate.
As can be seen from the infrastructure investment budget, the budget for 2015-2019 was $4.76 billion, and the annual report of Maotai, Guizhou: net profits were slightly higher than expected, continuing to double the level of healthy growth, mainly for the 80,000-ton series of liquor in the factory areas where construction began.
Projects such as packaging workshops, demonstration sites at the organic sorghum base in Inhuai City; completion of the 13th Five-Year Re-engineering Project and its equipping facilities in the Chinese sector; and continuation of the 30,000-ton Liquor series project: high-quality completion of a number of safety and environmental projects.
In the Chinese sector, the construction of the Mautai Wine Re-engineering Project and 30,000 tons of soy sauce series has advanced slowly, leading to a near non-growth of the Mau Wine in 2019, and an insufficient growth of the series of wines to meet development needs. Most of the projects affected by the epidemic are on schedule in February, and we are on schedule.
This year's capital investment is expected to accelerate. It is expected that a new 6,600-ton production capacity of 56,000-tonnes will be achieved in the Chinese sector, which will provide a guarantee of growth over the next five years: an increase in the production capacity of the series and the improvement of the production chain up and down will be achieved.
The year 2020 will be a longer-term goal as the 14th-year run-off year. If the production of the mahogany is extended in time, 56,000 tons of base alcohol will be able to lock in at least 45,000 tons of finished alcohol production in the future;
A series of 30 + 20,000 tons of wine has a larger growth space to achieve production capacity. Prices, whether in terms of product structural upgrades or channel adjustments, including direct increases in factory prices, have opened up the trend. Fifthly, batch highs run to validate market loads, short-term batch warming, and the impact of the epidemic has diminished.
In 2019, the market’s real capacity for sales was higher than expected, with a long run of high prices, a low stock of distributors, and a side-by-side confirmation that the market’s real capacity for sales was higher than expected. As the channels deepened, the number of vendors was reduced, optimized, sold and sold.
The opening of a direct channel, the arrival of the mahogany to the consumer is more expensive, flat, more affordable, the long-term opening rate will increase, the market load will increase, and the volume of the future mahogany will increase without fear, and there will be space for the full price.
In the short term, in terms of channel prices, the price of the first batch returned to around $2,300 in 2020, and the impact of the epidemic has diminished, and the bulk heating reflects the brand power and anti-risk, anti-volatile properties of the high-end white wine.
In conjunction with the company’s income guidance and sales plan, we maintain the revenue projections for the period 2020-2021, which are reported in Guotai Annual Report: net profits are slightly higher than expected, they continue to grow healthy, and they are likely to fall short of expectations.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.