The annual report of the company for 2019, the company's revenue in 2019 was $88,854 million, a year-on-year increase.
15.10 per cent; net profit attributable to the mother was $41,206 million, an increase of 17.05 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, the overall performance of 2019q4 was positive in 19 years, and the profit rate slowed down in 19q4. 19q4 company revenue and net profit points were due to: 1) 18q4 year-end cost of the company's investment of more refined products and part of the cost of the year's non-sale liquor.
The Department has intensified its marketing and consolidation efforts and sold thousands of tons of alcohol to enterprises such as the Guizhou Hotel Group, the Guizhou Airport Construction Group, and the Guizhou Tourist Group, or has led to lower-than-expected profits. The reform of channels has been effective, with direct revenue growing at a rate of 65.7% throughout the year.
The Auyang Woo Sword and the wine series grew by 15.8% and 18.1% respectively, with sales increasing by 6.5% and sales by 2,377 respectively, a reduction of 640 distributors.
In the context of continued optimization, the company’s profitability has improved well in 19 years, and Zhang Xinxin’s fee has begun to warm, the price of the huts has stabilized to over $2,200, and the distributors have now paid back for the first half of the year.
Quotas have arrived in May, and are expected to grow better in the first quarter, with demand rising steadily and repayments going well. Given the firm’s strong branding and channel power, the epidemic will not change the company’s long-term trend, and this year the company will be predominantly “stable” and its performance will be more firm throughout the year.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Center, Beijing West Side Street, Beijing City.
The net profits attributable to the shareholders in the parent company were 472.17, 546.35, 64.347 billion yuan, and the pss, respectively, had a gradual increase in the proportion of the unmatched 1,000th road of Shanghai, China, China, and China, and had improved governance, with a long-term logic that gave the company an “upgraded rating”.
Fukuwa, Shenzhen Fukuda, is a free-trader in Chengdu China.
China Sea International Centre 17, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.