The results of the reform of the channels are clear. On April 21, the annual report was published in Maotai, Guizhou, and the Public Prosecutor’s Department’s operating income and net profits increased by 15.1% and 17.1% respectively in 2019.
On the other hand, in 2019, the income from the same year increased by 15.8%, 18.1%, and the price of the same year increased by 8.7% and 16.9% respectively; on the channel side, the company ' s direct sales revenue increased by $7.25 billion in 2019. Against a backdrop of moderate growth in the company ' s total volume and continued optimization of its channels and product structure, 2019
The company’s profitability has improved well. Quantified performance in 2020 is expected to grow better in the first quarter.
The core logic remains the same: (1) stable 1,000-dollar price belt, strong channel power and brand power to build strong moat rivers; (2) demand on the demand side, which is expected to benefit from an upswing in consumption combined with an increase in the income of the population; and on the supply side, which, against the background of a tight balance between supply and demand, has ensured a gradual upturn in production.
With a steady increase in aggregates, sustained improvement in the channel and product structure will ensure steady achievement of the target, and according to feedback from distributors, as consumption begins to warm, the price of the huts has now stabilized to over $2,200.
Vendors have paid back in the first half of the year, the quota has arrived in May and are expected to grow better in the first quarter of the year, with a gradual recovery in demand and a smooth return.
On the 15th floor of the Central China Sea International Centre, 28 Sinrixi Street, Beijing West Side, the road ratio is gradually rising, governance is improving, long-term logic remains unchanged, and companies are being given an “enhanced rating”.
Hsien Shenzhen Fukuwa, the 6th Free Trade Test in Chengdu China.
In the 17th method of the Central China Sea International Center, 17th Avenue, the city's conjoining highland, using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be the same.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report, it has no direct business agreement with the company. The reader is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibility.
This report is based on information that the company considers reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed at any time without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.