Shinyi Shan can't believe that you've been able to achieve a steady growth in your performance since 1919.
\triangleright \triangleright successfully met the annual objectives of work, of which single q4 achieved business income of $25.346 billion.
Market data: On April 22, 2020, the country's wine industry, the world's wine industry was the first, in 2019, and the khat wine generated 75.8 billion yuan.
This represents an increase of 15.75 per cent over the same period; the revenue from the running of the liquor series was $9,542 million, an increase of 18.14 per cent over the same period; the revenue from the sales of the Prince Mao Dai wine was $3,780 million, maintaining the second-largest monolithic position of the company ' s products; the sum of Rao and Han sauce was 1 billion collegiate.
The production of Mau-Dai and herbs increased by 6.88 per cent from the same year: of these, 3460,000 tons were sold, an increase of 6.5 per cent from the same year; 30.1 million tons were sold, which remained high from the same year-to-year bill collection, and earnings were stable throughout the year.
0.1 pct over the same year, specifically: 1) Māori sales in 2019 were 91.30%, with a quarterly increase of $99.4 billion in cash in business activities, a steady increase of 11% over the same year, in line with ITC, 28th floor, 69th West Street, Taiwon City.
The impact of the epidemic is limited in China China, 28 San Lixi Street, in Beijing's western city, with a target of around 10% in 2020.
\triangleright, which has had a significant short-term impact on the liquor industry, but there will be no cyclical changes, the wine industry, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
The trend towards high-quality industrial development will not change, the trend towards concentration will not change, the trend towards high-end growth will not change, and the epidemic will further accelerate the shift in consumption trends in the white wine industry in the long run. 2020 is the year of firm solidity, business start-up.
The target for gross operating income is about 10% higher than in the previous year. Currently, the price of a potload of wine is over $2,200, there are still significant price differentials between market and bid prices, and short-term supply and demand gaps remain large.
Although the current situation has had a significant short-term impact on the alcohol industry, the price of \trianglerights has fallen, the price of Maotai's recent batches has continued to rise and currently stands at $2,200.
The year 2020 will be the Year of Infrastructure, where companies will combine their efforts to reform development and production, and promote good performance and sustainable growth. Food security risks and macroeconomic downsides are expected to result in a sharp drop in the risk of high-end alcohol prices and an outbreak.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report. I promise not to use my identity or place.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.