Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
Business income increased by 12.76 per cent over the same period, including 22,222 million yuan in wine and 77.6 per cent over the same period.
0.53 pct. Despite the impact of the epidemic, the ratio of direct sales and overseas sales has risen steadily.
At the end of the reporting period, 2,061 domestic distributors and 105 foreign distributors, for a total of 2,166. -2020/03/06. - To further optimize the marketing network layout and enhance the overall strength of the distributors, the company has a share of the sauce.
Guo Dai (600519) " Guozhou Mau Dai: Stock count " series wine distributors have been adjusted to reduce the number of soy sauce series wine dealers 287 during the reporting period.
Maoutai liquor distributors have stabilized after two years of optimization adjustment, but annual distribution plan levels have been maintained - 2020/01/02 II. Māori rates have been slightly reduced, cost rates have improved and net interest rates have reached a new high in the quarter
The Māori sales rate of 91.67% per quarter is a 0.44 pct decline compared to the same period, relating to speculation about changes in the structure of major and product products and higher direct labour, fuel and power increases in production costs. During the reporting period, it was mainly judged that the various types of offline activities and travel during the epidemic could not be carried out, resulting in savings in marketing costs;
Management costs and R & D costs increased by 7.07 per cent and 16.23 per cent, respectively, and management costs improved slightly, and R & D inputs remained stable. Thanks to better sales costs and management costs, net interest rates continued to rise to 56.80 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the best performance in the quarter since listing.
In terms of the quality of business statements, cash received for sale of goods and provision of services amounts to $21,866 million, compared with deposits and advance payments. Other cash received during the reporting period related to business activities was the same as other cash received.
The decrease of 52.34 per cent reflects a greater reduction in the collection of distributor bonds; by contrast, at the end of the reporting period, the company ' s pre-spring deliveries and returns were less affected by the epidemic, but the digestion of channels and terminals and the post-spring distribution network were still facing a new coronary epidemic, mainly a reduction in consumption scenes.
In order to ease the financial pressure on distributors, companies are judged to have slowed the collection of distributor bonds and advance payments in the short term, reducing the share of distributors in terms of long-term health and virtuous cycles. To that end, we believe, the advance receipts have fallen in part.
The impact of sales, in part, of the adjustment of the borrowing policy. The impact of the epidemic and the limited damage of the first quarter, which is controlled, determined by the high branding of Mao Dai, can also be seen as having sufficient tools for its subsequent steady growth. The advance collection stock is still close.
7 billion, and the dealer ' s current willingness to raise money is also better; the accelerated layout of the outlets and their direct channels, including ka direct supply, power suppliers, group purchasing, etc., can enrich the channel system by increasing its size and flattening and improving its resilience to risk while recovering some of the losses of the previous period;
In addition, as the market recovered, the price system and demand for the pots began to recover, leaving enough room for improvement in volume and prices. Thus, the overall quality of the statements did decline slightly, but partly in response to the effects of the epidemic.
As a result of policy adjustments, the tools for steady growth, recovery, and improvement in the quality of the statements are still adequate. Whether the impact on a Leedo is manageable, or the probability of subsequent steady growth and achievement of year-round goals can be seen as high-end white wine taps, with high risk resistance.
In the context of corporate income guidelines and sales plans, we maintain profit projections for 2020-2022, taking into account the lead premium and potential growth space for performance, which corresponds to 35 times as much as the 2020 ps, and a quarterly review of the performance of the State Maotai: slightly over-expected, the ability of the leadership to resist risks is highlighted
The forecast of profits and pss may not be as expected.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report