CMB International Securities | Equity Research | Company Update
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Vanke - A (000002 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Results slightly missed
Target Price
RMB31.60
(Previous TP
RMB33.92)
Up/downside
+25.2%
Bottom line of RMB38.9bn was 4.8% and 5.9% below our forecast and consensus'
Current Price
RMB25.23
in 2019, respectively, mainly because of less profit contribution from JCE. We
trim our earnings forecast by 6.7% in 2020 and 4.9% in 2021. TP is trimmed to
China Property Sector
RMB31.6, equivalent to 8.0x 20E P/E. Maintain BUY recommendation.
Samson Man, CFA
Net profit growth slowed down to 15% in 2019. Revenue and net profit
grew by 23.8% to RMB367.9bn and 15.1% to RMB38.9bn, respectively. The
reported net profit was less than 4.8% of our forecast and 5.9% of street's.
Major discrepancy came from share profit from JCE which tumbled by 39.6%
Chengyu Huang
to RMB3.8bn. DPS was maintained as RMB1.045 per share that resulted in
payout ratio decline from 34% in 2018 to 30% in 2019.
Contracted sales grew by 4% in 2019. Contracted sales amount and area
gained by 3.9% to RMB630.8bn and 1.8% to 41.12mn sq m in 2019,
Stock Data
Mkt Cap (RMB mn)
278,814
respectively. About 42.89mn sq m (worth RMB609.1bn) of property were
Avg 3 mths t/o (RMB mn)
2,563
presold but unbooked as at end-19, providing solid earnings visibility. We
52w High/Low (RMB)
33.6/24.18
expect full year contracted sales to be RMB650bn, up 3% YoY.
Total Issued Shares (mn)
9,724(A)
1,578(H)
Source: Bloomberg
project with attributable GFA of 24.78mn sq m. Average land cost was
RMB6,252 per sq m. As at end-19, attributable land bank under construction
Shareholding Structure
and for future planning were 61.70mn sq m and 33.6mn sq m, respectively.
About 3% of land bank are located in Hubei. Sales suspension in Hubei has
limited impact to its sales.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Rental income and property management are shinning points. Rental
Share Performance
income and revenue for property management increased by 55.6% to
RMB4.77bn and 29.6% to RMB12.7bn in 2019, respectively. As at end-19,
cities were managed by SCPG. Vanke property management business had
contracted and managed GFA of 640mn sq m and 450mn sq m respectively
Source: Bloomberg
as at end-19. Vanke is one of the largest property management companies
12-mth Price Performance
in China.
Cut TP to RMB31.60. Net gearing ratio and cash/short term debt ratio were
34.3% and 1.75x, respectively, as at end-19. The balance sheet was healthy.
We cut earnings forecast by 6.7% to RMB44.7bn in 2020 and 4.9% to
RMB51.1bn in 2021. In addition, we raise end-20 NAV forecast to RMB47.02.
Based on 8.0x 20E P/E, our TP is changed from RMB33.92 to RMB31.60.
Reiterate BUY.
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: PricewaterhouseCoopers
Related Reports
Still the top pick among big cap
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: CMBIS estimates
Source: CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
Disclaimer
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) have investment banking relationship with the issuers covered in this report in preceding 12 months.
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) may have financial interest in the securities of the issuer.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from
that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a
result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should
independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to
make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security
or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers
or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information
contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness.
CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice.
CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption,
point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent
with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself
and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business
relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect
the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only
and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written
consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy
of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser
as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute
reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of
the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or
an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents
of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising
from, or in connection with the report.