Performance exceeded expectations and profitability continued to rise - 25 years of three-time jobs, one-quarter review.
Events: 25-year-long quarterly reports from companies achieving operating income of $21,049 million, or +19.2 per cent of the year; real net profit for mothers of $2,471 million, or +56.4 per cent of the year; net profit for non-mortality of $2,403 million, or a positive increase in domestic operations and a full recovery in the internalization of major products. Sales in the excavator industry have continued to recover, and non-digger sales have not resumed.
According to the Association of Engineering and Mechanics, sales in the excavator increased by +38.3 per cent in January-March, in the engineering crane as a whole by 5.4 per cent, but the ratio of sales in the cranes and the cranes with the wheels has been positive. Moreover, in April, cmi was 130.95, with a slight overextended value of +27.2 per cent, and the ring by 1.9 per cent with the farmers.
In-house warming is expected to accelerate, machine replacement and intelligent greening continue, and engineering markets are expected to improve continuously. In response to industry recovery and corporate leadership, 25q1 excavators, □ lubei_yj@chinastock.com.cn
Domestic revenues from cranes and concrete machinery have been reversed. In overseas operations, exports of engineering and machinery products from Europe and the country totalled $12.93 billion per month, an increase of 7.8% over the same period, of which the accumulated exports of engineering and machinery machinery totalled $9.24 billion, an increase of 8.1% over the same period.
The results of the cost reduction were remarkable and the quality of the operation continued to improve. 2501 company sales (adjusted) cost □ pengxingjia_yj@chinastock.com.cn
The corporate cash flow of $4,413 million a quarter, equal to +81 per cent, the inventory of $20,236 million, a reduction of $657 million, a decrease of $5,236.1 million in volume receivable, an increase of $1.05 billion from the beginning of the year, mainly in accounts receivable.
Risk management and operational capacity have risen steadily. Profit predictions and investments suggest that: 1 - 3 months of industry-level sales in the excavator have continued to be visible and recovery products have gradually expanded to non-digging, and overseas markets have improved steadily. As domestic champions of engineering and machinery, three core products are excellent.
For the first time in a 14-year-long series of domestic sales champions for solid, excavator products, and for the first time in a 14-year-long series of global condensed concrete alliances, the global market share of cranes has risen significantly, and overseas expansion and electrodynamic transitions have accelerated, with cost costs and excellent cash flow performance, and are expected to continue with high-quality developments in line with industry upward trends.
The “recommended” rating is maintained at 20.0/15.9/13.1 times the year.
"Galactic Machinery" industry review _ government report review point 2025: Focus on domestic demand + future industry, looking at robotics and engineering machinery 3. "Galactic Machinery" company 24 years performance rating _ 3 1-worker _
Globalisation, intelligence, electricization accelerates, and business is of high quality. I am committed to producing this report in a diligent, independent and objective manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.