First quarter of 2025: performance continues to exceed expectations, engineering taps fully benefit from domestic and foreign demand resonances  performance continues to outperform expectations and engineering poles fully benefit from domestic and foreign demand resonances
In the first quarter of 2025, the company achieved operating income of $21.05 billion, or +19.2 per cent, and net profit for mothers of $2.47 billion, or +56.4 per cent, net profit for non-mothers of $2.4 billion, or +78.5 per cent, sustained performance, exports of +5 per cent, moderate demand recovery from overseas, with the company taking the lead as the global tap of the excavator;
The bulk of the increase is driven by 70-80% of sales in small digs. The smaller ones are scattered, covering the rural, hydro, and urbanized suburban areas, and require higher qualifications for distributors.
Ping, fully benefiting from the continued upswing in the demand for small digs; 32025q1 non-drawling has recovered, with a clear trend towards stabilizing the construction of heavy/concrete/road machinery. Looking forward to 2025, the engineering and machinery industry is expected to recover from domestic and external cyclical resonance, demand-side warming, and the company as the domestic and global engine leader, the revenue rule.
The quality of modelling and profitability is expected to expand further in the upper cycle.  Cost management is excellent, and the scale effect has resulted in a rapid decline in the cost rate of 2025q1 Māori sales, which is 26.8%, roughly the same as in the previous period; net sales interest rate is 11.9%.
The time has come, and we believe that the corporate cost rate is expected to decline further with a scale effect. Performance is over-expected, cash flow is excellent, internal demand is kept high, and the logic of globalization + electricization continues to materialize.
In March 2025, the sale of the domestic excavators was 517, the same year + 29 per cent; and the cumulative internal sale of the 25q1 excavators was 36562, the same year + 38 per cent, supported by multiple logics such as updating replacement + machine replacements, we believe that a new up-to-date cycle of domestic engineering machinery has been opened. The company, as the head of the domestic excavator, has a home demand recovery belt.
The company’s elasticity is expected to accelerate the release of the company’s productive capacity. Corporate globalization, the logic of electricization, continues to materialize. Globalization: the company’s ability to produce abroad is well developed.
Indonesia, the United States of America, and Indonesia’s second-stage plants, and South Africa’s factories, are being built in an orderly manner, and the advantages of localization are evident. Electricization: in 2024, the company achieved $4.03 billion in revenue from new energy products, compared to +23%, with electric mixers, electric excavators, electric cranes, and electric pumps taking the lead in the industry over the long term.
As the logic of globalization & electricization continues, the competitiveness of firms’ products, channels, and services becomes apparent, moving towards a global flagship.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the company’s parent net profit forecast for 2025-2027.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.