The performance of the front-end module operation, which has continued deep-deeping with radio-frequency taps, has improved, and efficiency gains in catching up with international manufacturers are calculated to have an impact of about $71 million on the net return profit of the mother.
The decline in revenue earned by the Division is due to increased R & D inputs, lower demand for downstream consumption than anticipated, impact of the international situation, etc. At the cost side, corporate sales costs/administrative costs/financial costs are met separately
1.22 pct. The industrialization of the company's chipped semiconductor brings to the company's administrative costs the combustible flow efficiency, the smart-forming aids in the field of radio frequency, the company's production of radio-frequency filters and the corresponding high-end modules through the self-built filter production line.
The layout and investment of the product is further advanced towards high-end applications, high integration of the design R & D with the arts and crafts and a more precise match to market demand, with a focus on the layout, the core of the product line, the introduction of automated, intelligent manufacturing techniques, corporate action.
A global advanced “intelligent mass” production line, constructed according to the world's most advanced 6-inch production line; and a process research and development platform for the saw filter product 1, Chewie Chewie (300782);
Construction, smart mass system completes, scale effects are used, the process is ahead of schedule, and refining internal power is improved to reduce production costs. From a breakdown of products, the company operates a radio frequency separation device.
Long-term Core Competitiveness 2022-12-26, at a cost of $1,164 million, a decrease of 21.90 per cent over the same period, with the cost of containment being lower than last year, 2, Chewie (300782); demand is weak
During the same period, 32.51 per cent was dropped; in the case of radio frequency module products, the structure of the corporate module was improved, performance was suppressed, self-built filters were overstretched, and sales of high-end, complex module products were increased by a percentage of operating income.
This represents an increase of 30.42 per cent (year-on-year +4.51 pct). (300.782): the rapid increase in the modular share, with the current provider of radio frequency devices taking up about 80 per cent of the front end of the radio frequency market.
In the year of the transformation of Fablite, including the broadcom/qualcomm/skyworks/qorvo/murata share of 19/17/15/15/15/14 per cent of the market, respectively, the company as the front end core of the radio frequency
One of the main competitors in the market is expected to rely on market expansion and demand for warmth.
With $4.5 billion projected for the receiving end module, $3 billion for the separate filter, $900 million for the separate transmission switch, $1.9 billion for the antenna switch, $1.2 billion for the split low noise amplifier.
Annual technological accumulation, active investment in R & D, $449 million, 47.66 per cent more than the previous year, 12.22 per cent of operating income (plus 5.65 pct) and 83.36 per cent of companies. Companies cover lfcmos, rfsoi, sige,
And the Department has completed a shift from the Fables to the Fab-lite business model. Companies have continued to implement equity incentives, issuing equity incentives in 2023.
This includes senior managers, technicians, and not more than 205 people. The assessment target for the total number of incentives as a proportion of equity, which has a cumulative value of at least $15,402 million over three years of operating income, shows confidence in corporate development.
Long-range, continuing to maintain a “buy-in” investment rating, insufficient risk of sustained technological innovation capacity, risk of stock price decline, industry competition risk, risk of friction in international trade.
Moozheng, Master of Materials, University of Motae, three years of American semiconductor company work experience, participation in a global advanced process for leading semiconductor manufacturers, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, employment in 2018-2020
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.