The cloud business over-expected, the dual-beneficiary industry Internet platform, March 25th, 2018, and the firm's uplifting speed.
The net return to the mother was 389 million yuan, representing an increase of 97.1 per cent over the same period; the number of customers receiving and paying for the company ' s operations doubled at least twice; and the per capita growth in revenue and profits was evident in the platform ' s effectiveness.
Of the 409 million yuan, an increase of 249.9 per cent over the same year, the cloud paas income of nearly 100 million became a new light; the cloud industry, in both the medium and large categories of clients, received 2,525,000 yuan, an increase of 177.8 per cent over the same period, and 384 million yuan, an increase of 256 per cent over the same period, for small and medium-sized customers.
Integrating operations: $803 million, an increase of 229.3 per cent over the same period, of which Internet-financed information services accumulated $26.5 billion, representing an increase of 141 per cent compared with the end of 2016.
The number of fee-paying clients increased by 266 per cent over the same period, with 50,000 more users of the easy-to-reach cloud, an increase of 200 per cent over the same year. Financial indicators: net operating cash flow of $1.430 billion, a significant improvement over 16 years of $890 million; sales of 1 user network: successful transition to the target overseas
R & D investment of 1,297 million yuan, an increase of 21 per cent, or 20.5 per cent of the company ' s revenues; per capita, cloud industry case, companies are expected to welcome income and ps 2, a friend network: strategic transformation 3.0, a business
The rise of the Internet’s flagship at the end of the 201801303 user network: a partnership with business banks to create a dual-beneficiary industrial Internet platform and business has accelerated. There is an urgent need to upgrade the country’s manufacturing sector.
Cooperation in building “business cloud services and finance” in order to integrate with the trend of information technology to accelerate penetration into the manufacturing sector, industrial Internet platforms have been created.
4. Friends network: validation of multiple financial indicators indicates that by 2020, support will have been given to the construction of 10 or so cross-practice, cross-cutting platforms, to the year 2025.
Three to five internationally competitive industrial Internet platforms, which we believe are expected to become one, are currently contracted saddle steel, Shenzhen Special, the Great Atlantic idol, the Gang Copper Group, 5, and the Friends Network: Accelerating Income.
In addition to the company’s selection of the first smart manufacturing system solver, the company’s Internet platform strategy has been steadily promoted (23 in all). Meanwhile, Zhejiang, Shandong, Guangdong, Jiangsu, Hunan provinces, etc.
We believe that traditional software manufacturers in the country will take advantage of Saas’s markets on a large scale, and that friends will benefit significantly. In the case of successful overseas transitions, companies are expected to double income with ps. We believe that 18 years of corporate cloud business will be more than 10% of revenue.
As the company most likely to be the leader of our business, saas, the whole ps is well valued. Reference is made to overseas cases, from the early stages of transition to the model, where the adobe transition has been successful and the ps have risen further to about 13.