Last week, we released our in-depth report, because cloud operations were difficult to evaluate in the early stages of development.
We further analyze their valuations through successful overseas transformations. By analysing valuation shifts in adobe and autodesk during their transition (the transition adobe ps is up from about four to nine, the autodesk ps is up from four to ten), we think that for the
With friends in the middle of a period of transition, and with financial indicators that have passed, the country’s leading companies will have the opportunity to stay in the ps and incomes for the future. adobe and autodesk have undergone four phases of transition.
The transformation of traditional software companies saas (adobe, autodesk, etc.), where adobe represents a successful transition, where autodesk is in transition, saas (salesforce, workday, servicenow, etc.), is more similar to the transformation of friends.
Ps (ttm) values, revenue and profit performance, and the correlation of cloud operations, we find that the transformational legacy is likely to go through four phases: 1; start the transition: slower revenue and profit growth, steady, less cloudy operations, pe and ps, also stable, and stock-rolling indices 2.
The transition period: a double drop in revenues and profits, a gradual increase in the share of cloud business, a positive increase in the share of pe and pps, a continued increase in the share of cloud business, a possible further passive rise in pe, a stable ps or 1, a friend network: a strategic transition of 3.0, a business
Four, completing the transition: growing revenue and profit growth, higher cloud operations, higher ps, higher profit margins, lower but higher positions. As a result of erp operations and 2, user networks: working with business and industry banks.
Different client structures, with friends largely not experiencing a period of decline in income (only a fall in net profits), and working together to build “business cloud services and finance”, companies have been starting to grow both in terms of revenue and profits since 2017, entering the initial harvest period.
From the beginning of the transition to the approval of the model, the ps doubled. The adobe ps doubled from four to three, using a friend network: multiple financial indicators were validated, input points were passed, and new products were released to boost the cloud.
After the success of the adobe transition, the ps were further raised to around 13 and the stock price turn of the adobe transition point and the ps upward turn point were essentially the two-step turning point for net profit, which is the net profit increase 4.
The corporate Internet platform strategy has been steadily moving forward in the year as the most likely leader of our business saas, with friends only 4.35 per cent in 2018.
5. A friend network: a stock-in-human-resource cloud, and friends are expected to enter the upgrade period of the ps.
In the medium-to-long term, it is expected to be a double-spill of pss and revenues, with greater space elasticity. Continue to maintain the “buy-in” rating.