Computers/computer applications 600588.sh The annual report was over-expected, with cloud service revenue rising by 249.9 per cent The company announced in the evening of 23 March:
• Higher than expected performance in 2017, with a 61.2 per cent increase in net cash flows from operating activities compared with the corresponding increase of $389 million in net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies, a 97.1 per cent increase compared with the ceiling. Performance in 2017 exceeded our expectations by $368 million in net return.
Net cash flows from operating activities amounted to $1,430 million, an increase of $543 million in the same year and 61.2 per cent in the same year, resulting in an optimal capital structure for operating cloud services and a rapid increase in cash flows as a result of increases in pre-collected accounts and a decrease in receivables.
• The rapid growth of revenues from cloud services and financial services, and the maintenance of significant R & D inputs
The number of customers, the amount of the transaction and the list of recommendations for the company are 2018-03-12.
(b) Long and new spaces, re-creational taps 2018-02-26
(2) The number of customers of pay-for-money enterprises has increased significantly; (3) the value of transactional payments has been 27,86.6 billion yuan, an increase of 166 per cent over the same period;
Stockholder's Insurance Broker, Financial Services Business Re-expanding. 2017-12-18. Dynamic Business Smart Services. Actively building corporate cloud service platforms
The company has actively promoted the development of the iuap cloud platform services to ensure the continued and stable operation of the cloud service; the platform + industry programme has been developed, while stand-alone platform projects and master data operations have grown rapidly; the company ' s iuap cloud ecology has produced results and has successfully introduced multi-platform integrated partners to form integrated solutions.
luloud. u8clud focuses on growing and innovative enterprises that can provide firms with a holistic solution to the cloud of aggregates, money, goods, customers, products, supplies, and sales.
The company has completed the layout of financial operations such as banking, payments, etc., laying the foundation for the financial integration of enterprises, and has strengthened compliance and risk control in the operations that it has undertaken. In 2017, the smooth and easy payment of cash was made, amounting to $27.86 billion, an increase of 166 per cent over the same period, and a steady growth in the operations of the Institute.
The platform accumulated $26.5 billion in investment, an increase of 141% over the same period. Payment for business functions were further refined, and the strategic layout “Software, cloud services, financial business integration development, services enterprise connectivity” was largely completed.