With Friends Network, performance announcement meets expectations, continues to look after cloud service business development, and Friends Network continues to press ahead with its annual performance advance announcement for 2017, and the company continues to press ahead with its friend 3.0 strategy.
In particular, the rapid growth of cloud services and financial services, the success of which continues to be highlighted, the maintenance of purchases, the forecast of performance and the outcome of the transition to the 3.0-year era are further highlighted. In 2017, the company returned to its mother ' s net profit of $336 million -- $395 million -- an increase of 70-100 per cent over the previous year; and net profit after deductions.
In addition, the company actively integrates the cloud services business organization and focuses its core business, effectively reducing operating costs and costs. To benefit from this, the profitability of future companies and the quality of returns will be significant.
From software to services, companies continue to appreciate the future development of corporate cloud services.
Long. Faced with large and medium-sized enterprises, companies launch the iuap platform, which contains a series of products such as the Paas application platform, enterprise application packages, clouds, cloudsb, cloudsidm, etc., to build high-synchronous, high-performance, high-availability Internet applications such as c2b and provide a full-scale one-stop service; face small
Micro-enterprises, companies, have launched a smooth and fast cloud platform to apply the ai technology to their products, meeting the demand for integrated and integrated applications. In 2017, they also released a new generation of cloud products, u8clud, t+clud, and a number of cloud services, such as “intellectual” services, using a friendly industry Internet platform.
The high return on inputs has come, and we continue to look firmly at the company’s future cloud services, which are expected to remain high in 2018 and 2019. Market competition increases risks; regulatory risks in the p2p sector; and projects are not as fast as expected.
"Friends Networks - Trinity Races, Cloud Services." "Friends Networks: Towards the 3.0 Ages, Trinity Races." "Friends Networks: Aluminous Networks" is still a drop in profits during the input period, but there are indicators.
Friends Network - Performance Hacking Point 2016.8.11 Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations Computers: Computer applications Tanjian