(a) Information technology software and services (IT software and services)
Cloud service operations have grown rapidly and steadily to advance the alumni 3.0 strategy: During the reporting period, companies have continued to advance the implementation of the alumni 3.0 strategy, focusing on the three main business strategies of “aggregation”, “software efficiency” and “Internet finance”, pooling resources to accelerate development and diffusion.
Soyun is a brand-new product and service model of the company's 3.0 strategy, with a “brain” approach to business and public organizations, and an Internet platform for the friendly industry, while cloud operations are enriched by the addition of iuap platform, multi-mortality cloud service products such as Yoyunapp, friendly accounts, good accounting professional versions, etc.
New progress has been made in creating clouds, building clouds, catering clouds, financial and political clouds, etc., in terms of total stock/flow (millions of shares) and industrial clouds. With the advance of the friendly 3.0 strategy and product lines,
The overall market value/flow (millions of dollars) is constantly improving and the outlook for corporate cloud services is promising. Financial operations are growing rapidly, and corporate financial services are continuously being deployed: corporate financial services
These include, inter alia, payment service operations for enterprises, interconnectivity networks for micro-businesses and individuals (600588), cloud services business growth finance operations and supply chain finance operations.
• Aggregation reconciliations, Silver Union products, etc., with multiple payment functions being put into production on a trial basis, and a lot of friendships - 2017/10/29
Sub-upgrades to better serve clients. In addition, companies hold stockholders, insurance brokers, move quickly into the insurance field and sign strategic cooperation agreements with business banks, cooperate in business cash management, business payments settlement, business finance and supply chain finance, and continue to develop business.
Financial services. In the future, companies will work with affiliates and partners more and more on products, channels, customers, etc. Financial operations are expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.