For the first time, it's covered by the apple's multi-hardware system, the focused energy integrated assembly platform, and for the first time, it's covered.
In contrast to the phase of horizontal expansion of components two or three years ago, the current Chinese mainland supplier has begun to expand deep into the supply chain and to open up the initial downstream assembly chain. China’s mainland supplier has acquired the basic capability of internationalizing large-scale electronic manufacturing assembly and services, and has begun to emerge. We believe that mainland China’s mainland supplier has an opportunity.
By setting up a downstream assembly platform to boost the value and profit of their own production, and to build a moat river. At the same time, it can help electronic brands, such as apples, reduce the pressure on growing and complex supply chain management.
For the first time, Lin Yu (Director of the Department of Research) has been covered by a multi-hardware system of apples, a combination of focused energy formations.
· The precision of communications is expected to grow into an integrated assembly platform: in the wave of smartphones, China’s head suppliers of parts and components have accumulated years of production experience, managerial competence and technology patents, and have the power to move to an internationalized, integrated platform.
The multi-hardware platform for apples, from horizontal expansion of parts and components to strategic depth development of assembly platforms, is still a huge space for a sophisticated future of growth. Outside the consumer electronic core, it has also been laid out and four major automobile products have been created. In the future, new energy automobile sales and auto electronization are increasing.
The two-fold dividend of the rise will facilitate the long-term development of the communications. We expect the communications to continue to expand in 2022 with horizontal components: with its ability to fast-track production lines, excellent management teams and large-scale production capacity, the communications have successfully moved from connectors to acoustics over the past few years.
In the next two years, you'll be able to increase your share and contribute to the income or profit from the expansion of spare parts such as motors, wireless chargers, icp antennas, etc., which will continue to be embedded in the sip, miniled, display-tactiles, vcm, etc.
Cellular platforms are also available on hardware platforms such as watches, headphones, etc. ... From spare parts to a diverse assembly platform: the headphones, handsheets, and cell phones that have been successfully cut into the apple platform have been set up. We expect their output to grow again in 2022.
A higher share of the watch will be used as an extraneous boost to the spare parts. And the ability of the solar platform to create the structures and display modules that will provide a profit base for the cellular assembly of the cellular units. We measure the two-digit reasonable profits of the iphone assembly, which is also about RMB 2.9 billion.
• Valuation: we use the branch plus master method for accurate estimates of consumer electronics, computer-related products, automobile-related products, communications products, industrial products 49.5x, 20x, 60x, 37x, etc.
Growth in the area of machines, watches, headphones has been hampered; the share of sophisticated new products has grown less than expected; the expansion of inputs has led to higher cost rates; and increased competition in the industry has hampered corporate profitability.
Smartphones: Parts and components continue to expand horizontally, early on, to the apple system with a sophisticated message from macbook's connection, and then to the iphone's lighting connection, and thus to the personal computer and smartphone connection business.
According to the leadership, between 2017 and 2019, sophisticated communications began to expand the internal parts of the iPhone and successfully managed the components of wireless chargers, acoustic devices, icp antennas, linear motors, etc. (figure 4), which contributed rapidly to the growth of the company, as well as to the growth of the company ' s profits.
As an additional supplier of the above-mentioned iphone spare parts, the following difficulties have been addressed: 1) the industry of spare parts of a bountiful nature, such as acoustic devices, linear motors, and 2) the supply of additional spare parts, such as lighting switchboards, wireless chargers, icp antennas, have been achieved with an efficient production capacity.
For apples, more suppliers guarantee supply security and stability, and reduce costs and increase efficiency; for apples, the relationship with apples is stronger and companies grow further.
In the process of expansion, the advantage of being well-informed is that there is a wealth of production line-building experience that allows for the rapid transfer of this manufacturing capability from one component to another:
Management has a strong team management capacity to work better with different parts and components production teams;
A reasonable margin of profit can be retained to meet Apple’s requirements. And, compared to a single domestic component supplier, a setup can reduce a single component’s profit margin, but it still maintains a total profit elasticity, thereby taking a share in the initial supply and maintaining a supply/two-salary position at a mid-to-late stage.
So the iPhone parts are still an important part of the revenue and profit. We estimate that, at the time, the iPhone parts contributed about 30% of the revenue, and that they could remain in double positions for the next two years.
In order to create an opportunity to access the Apple's mobile phone to display contact control modules (topmodule). On 28 January 2021, a bill on outward investment was passed, agreeing that companies and wholly-owned companies have limited intelligence and winning holdings, Japan International, familiar computer signatures.
The capital agreement, which agreed to invest 576,00622 and 23,99378 million yuan in the purchase of a solar computer, 48,013 per cent and 2.000 per cent of the shares, respectively, has created control over the Japanese computer.
Daylight will also be an important building block for development for nearly three to five years. Through the day, it has acquired the ability to build the building blocks and to fill the gaps that were previously in discomfort with Fauscant. This has provided an important support for the iphone supply, thereby consolidating its iphone assembly operations and further acquisition.
It also seeks to cut into the supply chain of other parts, such as motor parts (vcm) in the camera. Although the total output of the camera motor industry is low, it still contributes to the growth in performance.
At present, in Apple ipadpro 12.9 inches (5th generation) and Macbookpro (2021), the technology has been extended to macbook products.
There's an application of the miniled screen. The 2022 macbook miniled screen will also be used as an increment. With the trend in the Miniled industry, we believe that Miniled will also bring in a medium that is more powerful than the current mainstream lcd display from Sonytriecrt cams in the last century.
The upgrading path of the panels will continue. Crt, pdp, lcd, oled are considered four rounds of panel development, while Miniled can see it.
It's a transition product for lcd to oled. Crt monitor (calar ray tube): Electronic guns fire electronic beams, triggering the display of images on the surface of the screen with fluorescent powder.
pdp monitor (colar ray monitor): Gas discharge allows a large number of plasma tubes to be used as a red yellow-blue-pixel-arranged fullscreen. lcd monitor (LCD monitor): electrically stimulates the production of points, lines, face matches of liquid crystal molecules
The back tubes make up the image. The oled monitor (organic light monitor): Power is applied to light the thin fragments of organic molecules. Miniled with technical maturity and excellent characteristics of lcd. Due to Miniled
It's a direct spontaneous light, while the traditional lcd has a side-to-side back light, so Miniled does not need a steering board, and thus has the advantage of a bendable, less energy-consuming, higher contrast, higher light-to-power-transformation efficiency compared to lcd, whereas the greatest advantage of miniled is a cost advantage (larger).
Yearly release of miniled 65-inch television at 20-30 per cent of the price of the same sub-led television; ipadpro 12.9 " (5th) with Miniled, compared to the previous generation ' s ipadpro, e=ledinside forecast for material costs on the screen
E=arizton predicts the expansion of Pil-Yin International from parts and components to a diverse assembly platform.
The first assembly product to get close to the Apple platform is Airpods, which used to take 70% of the product with its excellent and efficient advantage. Airpods were the driving force behind the most sophisticated growth in business performance in 2019 and 2020.
The year was affected by the delay in the release of white tws headphones and new items, which led to a decrease in the volume of shipments compared to last year. But similar to the growth of the volume of shipments of applewatch, the roll-out began with an upswing of the growth base, and then came back, with apples constantly changing and improving user experience and growth.
The introduction of Apples3 in October this year added waterproofing (ipx4, the same level of waterproofing as Airpodspro) while also securing noise reduction with Airpodspro.
The difference. Adding the low base from the 2021 drop in sales, we are optimistic about the sales of this product in 2022. Proposition and Gore’s share in the assembly of the product are stable, so they can also benefit from the dividends of the product’s growth in 2022.
In the case of anapplewatch, you'll be able to enter the assembly operation in 2020. The start-up into the assembly of the apple watch will directly enter the mainstream Npi (new production induction) and become the main supplier. In 2022, the increase in the assembly operation is expected to come from the applewatch.
The growth in sales is not expected to be significant in the next two years, but we are relatively optimistic about the exploration of the future long-term sales space of the apple watch.
The monitoring of consumer health indicators and the gradual introduction of such indicators as heartbeat and hemooxygen. We believe that there is still room for growth in the sales of apple watch products, because apples are constantly enriching watch products to meet the needs of more consumers. For example, if apples add sugar to their watches and so on, they are healthy.
Indicator monitoring, then, is more useful for people who need to monitor blood sugar indicators in real time, so they can expand the potential user group of the product again. We expect the apple watch to open up another 40-50 million sales ceiling every year.
Sip (systeminapackage, system level)
Sip is a combination of multiple functions (including processors, storages, etc.) in a 2d or 3d way into a line, such as an applewatchs4 with all radio frequencies, front-end models, and a band processor.
It's installed on its cellular chip. From the encapsulation method, the sip has some connection to the soc (systemonachip, system-level chip), but it's different. In general, both aim to smallle the chip, but in the structure.
The main differences between integration, development cycles, etc. are that Soc is a single chip that assembles multiple functions, and Sip is a module that assembles multiple soc chips. In addition, Soc is still the product of Moore’s law, which seeks to reduce power consumption and improve performance; and Sip is even more.
Manyly from the point of view of end-use electronics, the achievement of light, small, multifunctional, low-capacity electronics, i.e. more from the consumer market, goes beyond the Moor's laws to some extent. So, sip is more performanceal, superior, and more flexible in design.
The downstream applications of sip, which are concentrated on smartphones, mems&sensors, laptops, etc., are in consumer electronics, which in 2019 were 64%, 29%, and 6%, respectively. And never, therefore, a small space like applewatch, which is more demanding for sip.
Technology needs are even more acute. The sophisticatedness of the message has again gained the share and profit of the assembly by wiping up the sip to the ability to assemble. Moreover, it has the opportunity to extend the sip seal from the applewatch to the airpods.
Finally, the announcement was made to speed up access to the iPhone assembly by buying the plants that were created at the latitudes, and in 2021, it was made possible by the fact that the company was able to build a new one.
We need to see if the first million-volume cell phone delivery will bring a balanced start. The build-up experience and the acquisition of the output from the sun will all grow into a second supply for iphones and upgrade the overall assembly business for the start-up.
On July 17, 2020, the Purchase Framework Agreement was signed between sophisticated, limited-intelligent (control shareholders) and a limited-in-trust company, Winsmartco., Ltd. (win).
The elite (or its controlling subsidiary) plans to co-finance 100% of the shares of Jiangsu Lok-Soo and Kun-Sun-Sung (the company) with a limited amount of information. Its neutral elite (or controlling subsidiary) plans to contribute up to $600 million, with no controlling shareholdings for the target company.
On November 12, 2020, a partnership agreement was signed between the Proficient, Producing Industries (the Proficient and fully-funded subsidiary), and the Establishment of Business Services (the associated legal entity), which provided $570 million, $30 million and $5.4 billion, respectively, as well as regular expertise (total size of $6 billion).
In the future, the Partnership Agreement states that the net profits of the previous year did not exceed the contributions made by the partners.
3 per cent of the total (“total contribution”), divided by the proportion of contributions paid by each party, and 2/3 to the start-up business and the start-up business; and 5 per cent (excluding 5 per cent) of the previous year's net profit, 10 per cent to the start-up business and 90 per cent to the start-up.
The excellent Fuscomb is the most important target for the sophisticated. In the same year, Fuscomb entered Nokia's mobile phone assembly business by buying the shell factory in Nokia, and the largest in the functional era was finally imported into the brand of the replacements.
Footprints, taking away their own cakes in Apple's image. We judge that the story of Apple is far from over, and that the Apple Platform will remain the most important engine of growth for the next three to five years.
In addition to the core area of consumer electronics, the Internet future of the new energy automobiles at Pobin International has been set up to expand on connection lines, chargers, etc., to form four.
• Motor appliances (power): include a series of chargers (charger);
Subparts (sub-harness); Connector and Structure (structure) connection line (cable): includes car-borne audio link (entertainability) and mixing
The power connection (hybridpowercable) builds on automobile products to further develop three major automobile industry solutions: car wire beam solutions, automobile appliance solutions, connectors and structural device solutions.
It's not just an apple client. We're judging that the new energy automobile industry is about to open up the next golden decade of growth (reference report). Obviously, it has the same layout as we thought.
Capability. Autoelectronics are expected to contribute to the growth of communications over a longer period of time. Chart 16: Overview of tactile products and solutions Connect (cable/connector)
Connectible (cable/connector) charger (charger), motor (vm), fibre-optic transceiver (opticranseiver)
Antenna, acoustic, communications products (antenna/filter) other (fpc/testfixture/powercord/dongle)
Enterprise-level product solutions Smart cellular connectivity programmes
(higher density, higher speed, higher current, higher profile of laptops, and smaller connectors)
Autoelectrics (power) car beam solutions car beams (harness)
Connector/structure connector and structural device solution Connection line (cable)
Pilgrim International, Pilgrim International, sophisticated revenue and projections.
We expect that in 2022 and 2023, the consumer electronics business will remain relatively dynamic, while computer interconnections and precision components will remain relatively stable. Automobile interconnections and precision components, telecommunications interconnections, and precision components, and industry will continue to grow at a higher rate.
Apart from the powerful push from the Apple Platform (tactile display module, miniled, applewatch and iPhone assembly), there are other clients (MS, Tesla, Rott) who are also contributing to a relatively small base of business plates such as automobiles, communications, industry, etc., so no communication is active.
Computer interconnectivity products and sophisticated components are expected to remain stable for the next two years.
We believe that the increase in the rate of growth of the Māori will exceed the rate of income, due to the offset of some spare parts with the assembly industry, such as the sip and the applewatch assembly, but Māori will be reflected in the statement.
Figure 21: Precision operating costs and operating costs
(a) Apple sales in high-end smartphones, watches, headphones have been hampered;
We used the sotp (sub-sub-branch plus method) to forecast the estimates. We predicted the 2022 consumer electronics, computer-connected products, and sophisticated components, car interconnections, etc.
The net profit rate for products and sophisticated components, telecommunications interconnections, and precision components and industry is 18% and 18%, respectively. We believe that there is still much room for growth in the Apple system, so we give consumer electronics the business plate a higher than the target market gain than the historical average.
With the growth potential of larger industries and car interconnectivity products and sophisticated components, we have also used the valuation method of dcf (discouragecashflow, cash flow discounting) as a cross-reference, and we have assumed that the weighted average cost of the money is on the waccc basis.
The iPhone sales are higher than expected, with a stronger share at the high end.
The global demand for smartphones continues to weaken, dragging off the supply of iphones, the company's new business is expanding well, such as the touch-and-show module, the miniled company's new business Māori rate is not as high as expected, and the company's Māori rate is under pressure.
(b) Appleiphone's share of assembly is higher than expected. iPhone's share of assembly and profit/loss balance are less than expected;
The expansion of the new product has affected the company’s rising cost rate, which has led to a loss of profitability.
Pilgrim International, map 38: Precision: a profit and loss statement, Pilgrim International, chart 38:
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report, Pu Ying International, agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Legion of Law-Poo Qing International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Poo Qing International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Providing Comments on Securities). All the information is collected from information that has been circulated to any person as an unauthorized act.
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as an opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or any other financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. This report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, in addition to a description of historical data.
These forward-looking statements may be based on assumptions that are limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect Poo-Sil-Sil-Sil-Sil-Seong’s position on international securities.
There is no law under which Pulse International or any of its directors and/or employees may incur any loss to an investor arising from the use of the information contained in this report or from reliance on it. ]