There is a significant start in business storage, and emerging markets continue to be active. The German shares are reported in the semi-annual report for 2025. Corporate overall profitability is stable, and the share of battery-packing operations is steadily increasing.
In terms of business structure, in the first half of 2025, corporate reverses, storage battery packages, heat exchangers, humidifiers, the same-year dynamics of inverter operations were evident, and the storage of battery packages continued to grow at a rapid rate. In terms of profitability, corporate Māori was 37.5% in the first half of 2025, compared to +0.3 pt, ring
By comparison to +0.5 pct, where reverse transformers, storage battery packages, heat exchangers, humidifier operations have a significant start in business and battery pack operations have maintained a high increase in counterchanger operations in the first half of 2025, 764,000 units, or about 7.3 per cent, were delivered by companies in the first half of 2025.
The rate of growth has remained largely stable. Of these, 273,000 are storage reversibles for households, 43,000 are for businesses, and products from businesses, taking advantage of corporate channels and R & D advantages. Products are adapted to overseas market demand, with significant start-ups, mainly expected to come from emerging markets such as South-East Asia, Africa, and the Middle East.
In the long run, growth comes from a higher proportion of self-financing, but also from the fact that companies have opened up international markets through a combination of high-prescription exhibitions and deep regional road shows, leading four international storage fairs in the first half of the year, and organizing five regional road shows and brand dinners that have reached seven important markets.
Highlights include the off-grid inverters, se-f Neptune battery series, balcony storage solutions, 100k pcs and bos-b business storage solutions, ms-lc430 light storage integration solutions, and the continued dynamism of the export market
Wetifier and heat exchanger operations have declined in comparison with the previous year, mainly due to increased competition between products and growth, with relatively weak weather features in the first half of the year back to the south, and heat exchange operations mainly involving customers
The company’s environmental appliance market strategy is clear, positioning markets for middle- and high-end people, and dehumidifiers.
• Profit forecasting and investment advice. The company is a core supplier of global photo-reversers, storage batteries, and is expected to continue to grow through the expansion of the power band of industrial-reverse-reverse product lines and the increase in the self-supply of battery packages.
The Department’s overseas operations are well diversified, depending on a single market, and are expected to continue to benefit from the rapid growth of the world’s light storage sector. We expect companies to achieve business income in the period 2025 to 2027, each in a lead position, which will affect their performance if demand in emerging markets does not grow as expected; and (2) policy risks:
New energy policies in various countries will significantly influence the growth of local light storage industries: (3) the risk of increased competition leading to higher-than-anticipated price declines for products; (4) the higher-than-anticipated volatility of raw material prices: the larger share of direct raw-material storage and the impact of volatile material prices on product Māori rates; (5) the risk of global trade disputes: recent global
Trade protectionism is on the rise, especially in the United States. Trade frictions among countries will affect companies ' operations out of the sea; (6) Exchange rate fluctuations risk: companies ' overseas earnings are relatively high, and large fluctuations in exchange rates will result in firm-end performance.