China Air: April, operational data evaluation, good supply and demand structure, oil, low cost pressure on price increases, wait for the pool.
In April, the company issued a major operational data bulletin, which showed an increase of 3.7 per cent in passenger capacity inputs (based on available seating kilometres) and 4.5 per cent in passenger turnover (based on income per passenger kilometres).
The supply and demand structure of the delivery and equipment industry is good, and demand continues to grow faster than supply.
On the supply side, 19.579 billion km of available seats were achieved in the current month of April, with a 3.7 per cent increase in ask and a 2.1 per cent decline in the ring, with domestic ask increasing by 2.6 per cent and international ask increasing by 6.7 per cent, while cumulatively 78.848 billion km of available seats were achieved in April, with a 4.5 per cent increase in ask.
On the demand side, the month of April saw an increase of 15,833 million income passenger kilometres, an increase of 4.5 per cent and a decrease of 2.3 per cent in the ring, with an increase of 2.6 per cent and an increase of 9.4 per cent in the international rpk over the same period, bringing a cumulative increase of 64,444 million income passenger kilometres and an increase of 6.9 per cent in the same year.
Corporate rpk has continued to grow faster than ask this year, with a good supply and demand structure. The company’s prudent input, with a 4.5 per cent increase in the year-on-year ratio (8.32 per cent for South China and 9.4 per cent for East China), has caused only 17 per cent of the cost increase in this year’s high oil prices.
The rate of passenger arrivals remained stable, increasing the capacity of international routes to fly 80.9 per cent in April, and the overall rate of passenger arrivals increased by 0.6 per cent in April. Of these, 82.6 per cent remained generally stable, while 78.4 per cent of international routes increased by 1.9 per cent in April.
With the physical rpk ring decline, international shipping has risen in reverse, with the ring growing by 2.4%, and 9.4% more than the same time, after major airlines had withdrawn their capacity and slowed down their international transport capacity, leading to an improvement in the supply and demand of international shipping. In April, the company increased its international shipping capacity slightly, and international shipping increased its speed.
National shipping is the best-placed international route in the industry, and the company is expected to benefit first by adding demand to the upcoming season. Oil prices have fallen, exchange rates have stabilized, and disadvantages have been eliminated.
The cost of aviation oil is the company’s most important cost, and fluctuations in international crude oil prices and the DRC’s adjustment to domestic oil prices will have a greater impact on profitability. The average tax-free price of aviation kerosene imported to shore this past quarter was $4,298 per tonne, which is more than 54% higher than the previous year.
America’s interest-added boots are on the ground, exchange rates are stable, and there is little chance that the renminbi will depreciate significantly this year. On the other hand, companies will reduce exchange-rate losses by adjusting their debt structure, increasing the renminbi’s debt, and increasing exchange-rate losses.
China National Navigation: Supply and Demand Keeping Good, Waiting for the Winter Harvest. 2017-04-14.
The company has been formally associated with Hansa since 1 April, through which the company’s overall competitiveness in the European market will be significantly enhanced. Together, the two sides now account for about 40 per cent of the market share of the Central European route.
At present, there is a price gap between the State and Hansa, and it is expected that when we join forces, the two sides will gradually converge over the price, which will significantly raise the price and yield levels of the State’s European route.
Recently, the company announced that the CPC had approved a merger of air freight logistics by the SAC company. The SCI company will initiate a hybrid air freight logistics reform.
According to the 2016 annual report, the company’s freight operations generated revenue of $8.3 billion, or 7.5 per cent of total operating income, and a gain of $1.19 per ton of freight revenue, down 7.82 per cent from the same year. The volume of the company’s freight operations is small, the level of revenue is falling year by year, and the resources for freight operations need to be consolidated.
Increased size and profitability of freight operations.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels and is based on the author's professional understanding. This report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party's approval or approval.