China Airline: Supply needs to stay good and wait for the season to harvest.
During the reporting period, US$ 10,1639 million in passenger revenue was realized by the State Air, representing an increase of US$ 4,571 million, or 91.4 per cent of the main battalion operations of the Transport and Equipment Industry Study Group, of which US$ 8,309 million was generated by increased capacity inputs and water revenues.
At the end of the year, there were 623 aircraft (54 aircraft were introduced in 2016, 21 were withdrawn, a net increase of 33), an average of 6.36 years old, with 378 passenger routes operating, covering six continents around the globe. On the supply side, there has been a steady increase in capacity, with a total of $23,32.18 billion in available seats.
On the demand side, there has been a steady increase, with a total turnover of 188,158 million passengers kilometre, and a 9.58 per cent increase, with domestic routes increasing by 6.54 per cent and international routes increasing by 6.54 per cent.
During the reporting period, the U.S. has focused on efficiency gains and improved cost control, the effect of the “two-fold” depression has been evident, the public sector has achieved significant results, direct sales channels have expanded effectively, and direct sales revenue has increased by 33 per cent over the same period.
Given the slowdown in the domestic economy, the strength of the United States dollar, and the US Federal Reserve interest increase, the renminbi has been devalued by 6.39% against the United States dollar. Faced with pressure from the dollar to appreciate, companies have introduced models by adjusting aircraft.
• Effectively controlling the size of the dollar-bearing debt; on the other hand, by actively restructuring the currency of debt, the size and weight of the dollar-bearing debt of the public sector has been significantly reduced, effectively reducing the loss on exchange to $4,234 million.
In the reporting period, the company’s Māori ratio increased by 0.28 percentage points to 23.33%, and profitability increased. At the same time, the company was actively engaged in transforming innovative business models, upgrading marketing capabilities, and improving the overall functionality of the power vendor platform, leading to an increase of 54% in corporate e-commerce revenues over the same period.
As oil prices run low throughout the year, q4 oil prices have led to losses, the cost of shipping oil is the company ' s most important cost, and fluctuations in international crude oil prices and the DRC ' s adjustment to domestic oil prices will have a greater impact on profitability. The average price of tar was $45.13 in 2016.
/bubs, 15.8% lower than the previous year’s $53.60/bbbl, and in 2016 the share of corporate fuel costs decreased by billions of yuan. Thanks to the low operation of oil prices throughout the year, the company’s profits were significantly increased.
Upwards, oils increased from $37.22/bpb at the beginning of 2016 to $56.82/bpb at the end of the year. Division 2016q4 suffered a loss of $413 million, but a smaller loss on national navigation compared to the East and South voyages (2,486 million for East and 1,386 million for South). We expect a steady increase in international oil prices in 2017.
I'm going to be an approximate event, I'm going to raise the cost of the oil, or I'm going to put pressure on the company.
The fall was 3.49 per cent, and the net return to the mother was 498 million yuan, a decrease of 110.21 per cent in the same year. The fall was 1.59 billion yuan, or 1.59 billion yuan, in the same year.
The company's alliance of routes with Hansa Air will be significantly enhanced through the overall competition of the affiliated companies in the European market. The company shares ameco with Hansa, 75% with the re-establishment of shares, $6,827 million in 2016, and $92 million after taxes.
Singapore Airlines and its subsidiary, S.A.S.S.S.A.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.A.S.S.S.S.A.S.S.S.A.S.S.S.S.S.S.A.S.S.S.S.S.S.A.S.S.S.A.S.S.S.S.A.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.A.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.A.S.S.S.S.A.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.A.S.S.S.A.S.S.S.S.S.A.S.S.S.S.A.S.S.S.S.S.S.A.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.A.S.S.S.S.S.S.
The members of the Stars and Space Alliance plan for the redevelopment of the Beijing hub and the construction of a new airport in Beijing, and come up with a programme of cooperation.
With the departure of the members of the TCI from the new airport in Beijing, the company will have a historic opportunity to build the Beijing hub. The company has formed a complex hub with Beijing as its core, with Chengdu as its regional hub, and the sea as its important international portal, with Shenzhen as its four-corned diamond at the heart of the Pearl Triangle.
The diamond network system covers the most developed and densely populated regions of China. Companies have an absolute advantage in their domestic flights to mainstream international routes, such as Europe and North America. Companies are the largest carriers for Central Europe and Central America, and the global layout of the network continues to be optimized.
As of December 31, 2016, the company operated 41 passenger shipping routes in transit countries and regions. In addition, the company was actively cooperating internationally, with 35 partners providing 15037 code-sharing flights per week to the company.
The three regional strategies, the “one way” and the Yangtze economic zone will strengthen regional linkages and strengthen regional linkages.
One hundred hundred thousand yuan, equivalent to 0.61, 0.67 and 0.76 yuan. Taking into account the company’s position and the advantages of the route, Wang Fenghua: Master’s degree at the People’s University of China and currently President of the United Securities Institute.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.