Helping the village revive, pushing for inclusive finance, researching the company, quick assessment of the company, banks, large state-owned banks.
The Agricultural Bank recently held a reverse road show on rural revitalization and inclusive finance in agricultural banking, as well as rural revitalization through financial technology.
In the long run, we believe that county finance and inclusive finance are expected to continue to sharpen the characteristics of agricultural banks, while in the short term, agricultural banks have a stable base and high district financial opportunities, and agricultural banks have a significant and distinct advantage in revitalizing rural areas.
Our county economies are huge. Our territory is vast, with a large population and a large economy, and has evolved over recent years. According to the China District Quality Development Report 2022, issued by the City Economic Advisory Centre, by the end of 2021, our county areas accounted for about 90 per cent of the national territory, about half of the national population and nearly 40 per cent of the national gdp.
According to the First Quarterly Report on Loans to Financial Institutions in the First Quarter 2023 issued by the Central Bank, at the end of the first quarter of 2023, the foreign currency balance of loans related to agriculture was 53.04 trillion yuan, an increase of 16.2%, or 23.0% of the total; and at the end of the first quarter of 2023.
The balance of loans in the county area was 44.2 trillion yuan, an increase of 15.9 per cent over the previous year, representing 19.2 per cent of total loans.
The objective is to provide comprehensive financial services to rural clients in the counties through the Ministry of Finance and Finance of the Three Agricultures, thus creating a distinct regional financial identity, with 126,000 regional networks in the agricultural banks, representing 56% of the total number of full-line sites. The agricultural banks, through the allocation of policy resources in the tilted districts, not only contribute to the revitalization of the villages, but also to the return of profits to them, achieving a "win-win" income of 317.5 billion yuan in 2022.
43.8 per cent of the industry; total profits in the county area of $131.3 billion, or 42.9 per cent of the industry, figure 4: Agricultural banks will be consolidated in the future through the “six main actions” (i.e. financial services) through the “six actions”
Expanding anti-poverty gains, action on financial services food security, action on financial services for rural rich people, action on financial services and construction in United States villages, action on green low-carbon development in financial services agriculture, action on financial services for local integration in financial services districts, “three major projects” (i.e., up-scaling projects, financial innovation projects, digital village projects) and “three mechanisms” (i.e., district branch management mechanisms, priority security mechanisms for policy resources, risk convergence)
With the structural transformation of our economy, banks have become highly competitive in their lending operations in traditional areas, and in recent years, they have become more competitive.
As a result of policy support, commercial banks have increased their investment in inclusive finance. According to the First Quarterly Report on Loans to Financial Institutions in the First Quarter of 2023, at the end of the first quarter of 2023, the balance of loans in the area of inclusive finance in the renminbi was 35,19 trillion yuan, an increase of 23.6% over the previous quarter, 11.8 percentage points higher than the loans, which has been growing at a rate of roughly 20% in recent years, and the market has grown rapidly.
Figure 5: Rapid growth in inclusive financial lending Agricultural banks have shown remarkable success in the area of inclusive finance. On a scale, agricultural banks were among the first banks to have specialized management of inclusive financial operations, with the establishment of the Ministry of Inclusive Finance in 2017, and the introduction of a digital transition in 2018 put inclusive financial operations on a fast track.
trillion yuan, with a market share of 9 per cent, and 15 per cent of total Bank-wide lending. In terms of returns and risks, while interest rates on inclusive lending have remained steady and declining, largely in line with the level of interest rates on line-wide lending, the rate of poor universal lending is clearly below the level of the Bank-wide.
Figure 7: The interest rate for inclusive financial lending in agricultural banks has declined steadily; Figure 8: The default rate for inclusive financial lending in agricultural banks is lower than the overall level of the industry; Digitalization has increased the competitive strength of inclusive finance in agricultural banks and contributed to commercial sustainability.
Ben and High Management Costs, Agricultural Banks, by upgrading their risk management capabilities through digital transformation, have significantly reduced their risk costs, while increasing their management effectiveness and significantly reduced their client and business costs, so that they can still be commercially sustainable at lower loan rates. So, digitalization, it can be said, is the key to sustainable agricultural inclusive finance development.
Sustainable, high-quality development of concessional financial operations. Figure 9: Digital transition to lower inclusive financial costs.
Agricultural banks now have a robust base, with a dividends rate of about 6 per cent. According to the latest quarterly report released by the Agricultural Bank, the performance of the company has remained stable: (1) operating income has remained positive. The company achieved business income of $18.94 billion in the first quarter of 2023, with an average net gain of 1.70 per cent per day per year compared to the previous quarter.
At the end of the season of 2023, the company had a negative loan rate of 1.37%, which was the same as at the end of the previous year. At the end of the season, 303% of the provision was covered, which was the same as at the end of the previous year, and the asset quality performance was stable.
We maintain a constant profit projection, with a projected net return of 27,2023,941.31.2 billion yuan in 2023-2025, and a weak macroeconomic situation may have a negative impact on the quality of bank assets. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, and through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author