Both performance and operations were positive, with the core recommended company Agricultural Bank reporting a 1.8 per cent increase in profits on a year-on-year basis in January 2023, operating income a 2.2 per cent increase on a year-on-year basis, and both income and profits remained positive under steady growth policy requirements and heavy pricing pressures.
Out: First, the fees continue to grow positively, the certification process improves and other investment-related non-interest ratios increase their performance. Second, the scale increases continue to be at the top of the big line, and the market share continues to rise. Third, the net interest margin ratio drops better than expected. Fourth, the asset quality is stable, the incremental provision is adequate, and it does not work.
Both performance and operations were positive, with core recommended companies releasing profits through the provision. Fifthly, district operations continued to grow rapidly.
At the same time, we have seen a 10.7% capital adequacy rate at the agro-business core level, capital weakness at the same time, and a significant increase in the pressure on finance. The company currently values 2023epb at 0.48x.
District loans totalled $80,47.9 billion, an increase of 9.82% compared to the end of the year, faster than all loans.
District deposits stood at $11,851.4 billion, an increase of 9.76 per cent from the end of the previous year, slightly lower than all deposits, and remained high. Growth in size continued to be at the top of the front line, with net interest income rising more negatively than expected.
The average daily turnover of three months (millions of yuan) has led to a steady increase in the policy requirements for profit and growth, with firm net interest differentials continuing to run under the trend of increased pricing, increased competition and the periodicization of deposits. Net interest income for the first quarter of the last four quarters has been decreasing since the same time, with one quarter.