The performance of the Medical Health Research Centre is in line with expectations, and the high growth trend continues.
During the reporting period, the company achieved revenue of $8.01 billion, up 34.42 per cent from the same period in 2017; the company ' s revenue and profit ends in 2018 were in line with expectations, and the high growth trend continued. We expect the company ' s business plates to grow well, with the company ' s core business of drooling, cataracts, visuals, etc. in 2018.
1. The third quarter has been characterized by sustained high performance, a strong in-house growth in medical technology, and a steady increase in the combined strength. With the expansion of operations, the corporate brand has continued to gain influence, the competitive edge of the core business has been strong, and the number of consultations has been increasing.
The company's performance was stable in the single fourth quarter of 2018. We expect to achieve operating income in the single fourth quarter of 2018.
With the downside of the network, companies gradually infiltrate the grass-roots level, and multiple levels of service systems are effectively upgraded.
With the help of the M&A Fund, the company’s extra-institutional hospitals are well-positioned, and its growth path has been fully validated, sustaining steady growth. Social policy has been improved, and ophthalmological medicine has ushered in a new round of gold development: recently, the country’s development has been reformed.
18 departments jointly issued the Action Programme for Enhancing the Promotion of Short and Shortcuts of Public Services in the Social Sector for the Creation of a Strong Domestic Market. The paper proposes to support social forces to deepen the 12 service lines, including ophthalmology. The paper highlights that local implementation will be promoted.
A comprehensive cross-cutting process approval guide for medical institutions, streamlining the optimal approval process, is expected to improve the efficiency of the expansion of ophthalmology and reproduction. We keep looking at El ophthalmology's off-site reproduction capabilities, while looking at the future of the company as it continues to revolve around ophthalmology.
(8621) 6023221 Specializing in the development of ecological platforms for national ophthalmological health management.
Risk of social health problems: risk of network sinking: risk of medical accidents: delay in the M & A fund hospital Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, then averaged the final rating and built as average market investment