Health care and medical equipment and services Increase in consumption and technological upgrading drivers, annual performance is excellent 1. Profit growth is robust, net of donations
Billion (+41%); four quarters of this decline in profit growth, mainly in connection with the company's December donation of RMB 80 million (million shares) to Hunan.
Total market value/flow (million yuan) is still growing at a high and steady rate.
The integration of medical research, the expansion of hierarchies, the upgrading of service systems, partnership incentives, etc. have all shown remarkable results.
Solid, with a steady increase in market occupancy rates; at the same time, with the expanding size of the business, the business chain continues to optimize and the performance of the business is high. According to the three-quarterly paper, the cash flow of the business is high.
This growth, matched to operating profits, reflects the high level of corporate receivable management capacity, capital, and El ophthalmology (300015), which builds multi-level network layouts, and the continued expansion of M & A funds.
As of the end of September 1818, more than 270 ophthalmology hospitals (more than 200 at the beginning of the year and more than 250 at the end of June) covered 30 provinces and municipalities.
Corporate and industrial M & A funds continue to speed up the layout of networks focusing on local and district hospitals through new constructions or acquisitions, to explore further the construction of peer-level diagnostic systems, vertical promotion of provincial systems, intra-level chain-building, horizontal expansion of vision centres (clinics) and community eye health.
A service model, further sank medical access, and expands the radiation radius of the core hospitals. Industry and purchase funds accelerate investment in hospital projects in the provinces, save more quality targets, and enable the sustainable development and expansion of powerful companies.
Equity Incentives+Partners fully motivate doctors, the development of doctor development systems. Doctor resources are the most scarce core competitive resource of ophthalmology institutions.
Connected to the Long-Term Interest Community - At present, more than 4,000 El ophthalmologists are laying the foundation for hospital expansion and sinking. The company’s incentive program is gradually entering the harvest period, and the six-phase equity options implemented in 2011 were fully implemented in May 2018, in partnership.
The plan has covered more than 1,000 doctors in 129 hospitals, and the average annual income of the first group of partners is more than three times that of before Ire.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report