A steady growth in performance, and the acceleration of new energy operations
One billion yuan, or 22.4 per cent more than in the previous year, has been over 100 million new contracts for the third consecutive year, and continues to grow. The company has a year-round record of $267,380 million, or 62.0 per cent, in new contracts in markets along the “one-way” route. Compared to an increase of 1.77 pct, it has a higher rate of Māori in surveying design and consulting operations and investment operations than in the industry.
A total of 39.41 per cent and 35.26 per cent, respectively, were lower by 2.11 pct and higher by 9.93 pct, respectively, as a result of an increase in the construction industry, resulting in an increase of 7.51 per cent in management costs, mainly due to an increase in the size of the business and associated management costs, compared to 300 per cent.
As a result of this increase, financial costs increased by 1.40 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of the expansion of the scale of operations and the increased demand for financing. The net flow of operating cash to companies in 2023 amounted to $9,486 million, an increase of 10.8 per cent over the same period.
In-depth energy transformation, the new energy business accelerates its lead. The company has built on the core development philosophy of “innovation, green, digital, integrated” to achieve a 14.5 per cent increase in the value of new contracts and a 38.41 per cent increase in operating income over the year for new energy operations; an additional 2,009.7 million kilowatts of new energy development targets; and access to new energy sources.
By the end of 2023, the company held a new capacity of 951.1 million kilowatts, nearly one-fold more than the end of 2022, with a new energy operation.
Powerful growth, 58.82 per cent growth in the overall operating income of new and combined smart energy operations, Māori rate, company rating [Galactic Building] _ China can build _ net profit high growth, “I eps 0.21 yuan per share, 0.24 yuan per share, 0.27 yuan per share, respectively, corresponding to the current share price, pe
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.