Company Review - Non-Bank Finance Industry - China Peace (601318.sh) New Business Values show a slightly higher performance than expected
Muping-Ping 1. The profit from the parent business grew by 23.3%, and the remaining marginal balance rose steadily.
Shareholders belonging to the parent company earned 59.339 billion yuan in operating profits, an increase of 23.3 per cent over the same period; and the first half of life and health insurance Nbv, a 0.2 per cent increase in the second quarter, a 9.9 per cent increase in the second quarter, a reversal of negative growth in the first quarter.
At the product structure level, companies have taken the initiative to restructure their products, and the share of long-term guaranteed operations has been increasing. In 2018h1, the channel accounted for 75.02%, an increase of 2.78 percentage points.
2018h1 Introduction of the family portfolio guarantee product, Fukuda, the middle- and high-end adult risk combination, the offshore health insurance, the Guardian + overseas health insurance product, and the youth return risk product, the proxies are growing steadily at the agency level. As of the end of June 2018, the company maintained a steady growth in the size of the proxies.
With long-term risk screening techniques, the competitive advantage of safe production insurance is increasing and the profitability of the insurance system is improving.
Further improvements in the timeliness of client service, optimization of service experience, and creation of differentiated competitive advantages. “Peaceful owner” app provides customer-rich post-car market services and one-stop-shop experience; “Accordingly rapid site surveys in 510 cities” are upgraded and 95.5% of city daytime live cases are realized
The 5-10 minute ultra-speed survey processing of the “smart flash compensation” image saves 7.3 hours of work time compared to the traditional damage-fixing case; the Hawkeye system is continuously updated to provide custom-based wind control services to government departments and major clients through core functions such as risk rating, disaster warning, client maps, etc.
4) The impact of the decline in equity equity income, as a result of the decline in equity income and the impact of the implementation of ifrs 9; the impact of the decline in equity income; and the significant increase in the movement of fair value gains and losses in assets measured at fair value and accounted for by the company ' s implementation of ifrs 9;
Companies currently invest in bonds and non-subscriptive claims and invest in credit risk as a whole. 2018h1, companies invest in corporate bonds of $17,257.6 billion, representing 6.7 per cent of investable assets, about 93 per cent of credit ratings are aa and above, and about 80 per cent are rated aaa; non-target
More than 97 per cent of external credit ratings for claims and trust schemes are aaa, and about 3 per cent are aa+ and aa. There is currently no default.5 Bank performance is robust and operating profits from asset management have increased by more than 30 per cent
208h1, the company's operating profits in banking were $7,756 million, an increase of 6.5 per cent over the same period. Performance remained robust and asset quality improved. 2018h1, the rate of bad loans from safe banks was 1.68 per cent, a percentage point. The company's asset management business performed well, with $9,159 million operating profit from 2018h1.
The profits of $6,548 million, an increase of 84.1 per cent in the same year) and the “financial + technology” transition have been increasing at a steady rate, with operating profits contributing 7.08 per cent.
The transition to “financial + technology” has been increasing at an increasing rate. 2018h1, the company’s financial and medical science and technology battalion made a profit of $4,204 million, a nine-fold increase in the same year, accounting for 7.08% of the profits of the group’s operations. During the reporting period, a safe doctor was listed on the Hong Kong joint venture board; and safe health and safety technology was completed at the beginning of the year.
Over $1.15 billion in financing; $750 million in financing in the first half of the financial year; $10 billion in the first half of the year in automobile homes; cumulatively, by the end of June 2018, the number of corporate technology patent applications amounted to 6121.
In the context of customer operations, channels management, customer services, risk management, etc., the enabling business has increased its effectiveness, strengthened wind control and optimized its experience. In addition, the financial and medical science and technology platform, represented by the Land Gold Institute, the Safe Doctor, the Safe Health Services Technology, and the Financial Services Board, has exported core technology to the outside world.
The company is committed to becoming an international leader in technology-based personal financial life services, actively embracing finance technology, leading business change, good business quality, and robust value growth. We keep looking at the future of the company, maintaining a “recommended” rating, forecast for 2018/2019.