China Peace (601318) Mid-Annual Report Review. Nbv reversed positive growth on Wednesday, 22,08, 2018, with faster performance than expected.
□ Events: China ' s successful release of its semi-annual report for 2018, which achieved business income of $534.84 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 15.3 per cent in the same year; realization of a net return profit of $58.09 billion, an increase of 33.8 per cent in the same year
62,405 million yuan, an increase of 43.7 per cent over the same period, and an improvement in the company’s inter-annual performance due to interest market fluctuations and ifrs 9. Given the subside pressure of the stock market, the company’s future investment earnings are expected to improve. In addition, safe 2018h1 achieved a operating profit of 66,038 million yuan, an increase of 22.7 per cent over the same period, which remains a life risk.
In the first half of 2018, the life insurance industry as a whole was facing structural changes, and life insurance was dependent on its own team of high-quality agents.
In addition to the company’s business renewal drive, which resulted in a premium premium of 2018h1 life insurance operations and a barrier-based product, the company’s new business value increased by 4.1 to 38.5% over the same period.
With improved prices, the company achieved a positive increase in the value of its new business in the first half of the year (0.2 per cent). Given the low premium base for the second half of the year and the fact that the product adjustment is now almost complete, coupled with a steady growth in corporate agency models, it is expected that the increase in the value of its new business in the second half of the year will increase further.
□ Financial and medical science and technology are the new profit growth points for companies. Peace Group financial and medical science and technology is operating at $4.607 billion, accounting for 7.0 per cent of the profits of the group and 6.4 percentage points more than the same.
In the first half of 2018, it received $1,123 million, an increase of 150.3 per cent. In addition, health care technology, finance, etc., has been financed to value water.
The five rings are also beginning to take shape. In 2018, the company maintained high value growth and the future valuation of the plate could be repaired over time, thus giving China a “recommended” rating.
China’s Green 2017 report provides an overview of business performance, financial science and technology. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
Within six months of the report ' s release, the company/industry growth and decline was compared to the previous index/subsidiary rise and decline over the same period. Synchronous markets: the rate of return relative to the market benchmark index fluctuated between ~5% and ~5%; no change would occur. We have tried to report objective and fair content, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, information or observations in the report.
There is no interest in evaluating or recommending securities. My companies and their associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to offer investment banking services or other services.