August 22nd, 2018.
Half-yearly, it is reported that life insurance has improved on the margins, production has improved steadily, with solid growth in values, and that China achieved 58.1 billion net profits in the first half of 2018, with a 33.8 per cent increase in life insurance, while last year ' s high-base period saw a 20 per cent growth in the context of strong supervision and a 4.1 per cent increase in the city ' s share.
As of 16.8%, the logic of the strong has been proven; production risks have been positive and cost rates have fallen further. In the context of the rise in the rate of new business values, operating deviations are better than expected and the rapid growth of net non-life insurance benefits, values have grown faster than the 12.4% achieved at the end of the previous year. We look forward to the growth of safe traditional business and new hatchings.
The promotion of the business to the group, and the company's current valuation is at a historically low level, with a life risk to the “buy-in” investment — a strength in adversity, a further increase in the city's share, and a growing value of the new business: in terms of life insurance: $283.2 billion in premiums in the first half of the year, a 21.2 per cent increase for yoy, far better than in the industry.
The industry is moving more from an investment-based to a safeguard-based one, and the value of the insurance product is expected to rise. On the other side of the product mix, the first six months of the year, the value of the safe new business rose by 4.1 pct to 38.5%.
Under pressure, however, the new business value will continue to rise steadily, by 0.2 per cent for yoy, of which 20yoy production risks — steady gains, cost improvements: in terms of production insurance, $103 billion in premium revenues will be realized, according to the old industry, where the share of the city rose by 0.1 to 19.7 per cent, with the company expanding its channel structure.
The equity market is so low that it drags on the return on investment that it increases the volatility following the implementation of i9: on the investment side, as at the end of the period, the company extended the asset length and reduced the long-term gap in the asset liability. On the return, on the annualized net investment return of 4.2%, yoy fell 0.8 pct, mainly due to the decrease in the share of the fund and the previous high.
Gains are due. Total investment returns are 4.0 per cent, yoy falls by 0.9 pct. Total investment returns are lower, operating deviations are better than expected, new business values are higher, group values are growing robustly: group values, arising from increased life and health risks, new business values are higher and operating deviations are better than false
Supermarkets for net non-life insurance growth are expected to have a value of $92.7 billion in the group in the first half of the year, with a higher contribution from financial science and technology than in the previous year, and a rapid increase in revenues from management: the continued contribution of financial science and technology, with a net benefit of $4.6 billion during the reporting period (US$ 300 million over the same period last year), derived mainly from the profits of land.
A net gain of $6.7 billion on safe real estate, safe finance leases, safe overseas holdings, etc. Investment proposal: arising from an increase in the value of the new business, a better operating margin than assumed and a net gain on non-life insurance.companyupdatechinareresearchedept.com.com
Anticipated return (expected return; er), as follows: chinaresearchdept. (In case of retrenchment i9, net investment return of 1h2018 and total investment return of 4.2 per cent and 4.5 per cent, respectively)
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. The investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.