On August 22, 2018, China announced its mid-term performance in 2018, with a new business value of $38.760 billion.
In the first half of Peace 2018, China achieved a net return profit of 58.1 billion, an increase of 33.8 per cent, and six months of the year ' s high (non-annual) growth.
11.6 per cent, mainly as a result of a significant increase in net profits from life and health insurance operations on a year-on-year basis. The changes in actuarial assumptions such as discount rates in the first half of 2017 increased the reserves for life and health insurance by $15.4 billion (reducing pre-tax profits), while in the first half of 2018 this increased the reserves by only $0.02 billion, on a low basis.
The numerical effects and the relatively rapid growth of the remaining marginal amortization have led to a 44% increase in the net profit on life and health insurance operations. In terms of profit stability, China’s operating profit in the first half of the year, after deducting the effects of short-term investment fluctuations and liquidity fluctuations, was 59.3 billion, an increase of 23.3%.
The life insurance nbv boom is contributing to high long-term value growth, the consolidation of financial risk into cost rates Maintenance of good levels: the number of end-of-life insurance agents in June was 1.99 million, an increase of 1 per cent from the beginning of the year, and the maintenance of a better size of the workforce has led to a significant decrease in demand-flexibility guaranteed operations (-5.9 per cent).
The new business value of the guaranteed business grew by 2.2% over the year, contributing to positive growth in the overall new business value. The value of the new business, though modest, has contributed significantly in absolute terms to the promotion of effective business, but the significant 61.6% increase in fees in the first half of the year has led to a real income tax rate of over 40%, resulting in a financial gain.
The net profit of the first half of the year was only $5.924 billion, a 14.1 per cent decline over the same period. Insurance funding was stable and the stock market under ifrs9 fell and the return on investment was lower: as of the end of June, China ' s total investment assets for the Safe Insurance Fund stood at 258 trillion, an increase of 5.4 per cent from the beginning of the year.
Production allocation has remained relatively stable, with fixed deposits, creditor investments, and property items falling to 9.5%.
Ifrs9 resulted in a significant increase in assets measured at fair value and converted into gains and losses, a sharp decline in the stock market in the first half of the year resulted in a total investment return of only 4 per cent, compared with 4.9 per cent in the same period last year.
Business income of $52.7 billion, an increase of 5.9 per cent, and net profit of $13.37 billion, an increase of 6.5 per cent. As the retail strategy shift deepens, the number of retail customers and the management of retail customer capital have continued to grow rapidly, with the share of retail business operating income and net profit in the first half of the year, respectively.
Strong regulation and deleveraging impact: The first half of the Trust ' s project distribution and disposal revenues decreased on a par, resulting in lower returns on total investment and lower net profits on trust operations on a year-on-year basis; rapid development of financial science and technology, and profit booms: the first half of the year, Safe Finance Science and Technology in China
With the rapid growth of medical science and technology, the net return of 4.2 billion yuan was achieved in the first half of the year, 10 times as much as last year, mainly due to the rapid growth of the shares held by land gold. The shares held by land gold continue to grow steadily in such business areas as wealth management, personal borrowing, and government finance.
Long: Safe Doctors were listed on Hong Kong ' s main board in May 2018. Over 300 million consultations were conducted, an increase of 122.2 per cent in the same year and operating income of $1,123 million in the first half of the year, an increase of $1.10 billion in the same year. Financial transactions were financed at $750 million in the first half of the year and were valued at $7.5 billion in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the car house had a market value of $10 billion, an increase of 40.0 per cent from the beginning of the year, and its operations had grown rapidly, achieving operating income of $3.157 billion.
The quality of business is high, long-term values are expected to remain high, non-insured financial operations such as banks, securities, trusts, etc. perform fairly well, and the financial science and technology portfolio will increase its contribution to the group’s performance. According to our projections, China is safe for the period 2018-2019, at nbv and v rates.