The profit and the speed of the increase are exceeding expectations, and on the 21st of August 2018, the research assistant Ma Xiangyun.
Two core drivers of high growth in the Group’s performance include: 1) life insurance net profit growth of 43.3% to $33,791 million; and 2) financial and medical science and technology contributions of $4.2 billion (only $420 million over the same period last year).
The excess expectation of risk profits is mainly due to the near-zero impact of changes in the discount rate of reserves (compared to $15.4 billion in pre-life risk tax over the same period last year). At the group investment level, the impact of capital market adjustments plus the pioneering introduction of ifrs9 increases investment volatility, fair value gains and gains of $11.1 billion and total return on investment falls.
From 0.9 pct. to 4%. After eliminating the short-term fluctuations mentioned above, the profits of the group ' s parent operations have increased steadily over the previous billion yuan, but operating deviations have contributed 15.4 billion yuan in positive terms, and Roev has reached 13.5% (non-annual) and conservative operating assumptions guarantee robust value growth.
In the first six months of life insurance, the pressure in the industry was due to a fall in the new policy, the pressure on the agency, the premium in the first half of the year of safety, and the industry (a 12% to $81.2 billion drop in the insurance for the new agency) and the share of guaranteed products.
139.90 million people, while product structure optimization has had an impact on the decline in productive capacity (although the first year of average monthly insurance per capita, the future will be safe and secure with corporate cross-sales to guarantee stable agent revenues, with overall growth in the industry slowing down), leading agent quality becoming a core competitive advantage and building solid moats.
▪ Retail finance poles, with strong growth in client performance indicators generating sustainable development dynamics. Group operating profits increased by 28.3 to 50.3 billion yuan, or 84.9 per cent, while the number of individual clients increased by 8.2 to 179 million compared to the beginning of the year, with the number of new clients increasing by 39.2 per cent.
By 2,581 people, the number of Internet users grew by 11.3 per cent to 486 million, and the number of customers growing by more than 10,000, up to 30.8 per cent, reflecting an insurmountable synergy of group resources, which is conducive to the deep exploitation of customer value while increasing the income level and competitive power of the marketing workforce system.
▪ Financial science and technology have become a stable source of profit, and the competition for property insurance costs has increased the profits after the tax. 1) The net profits of the finance and medical science divisions have increased by more than 9 to 4.2 billion yuan in the first half of the year.
The cumulative number of interest applications amounted to 6121, an increase of 3,091 from the beginning of the year, starting to make a profit and raising the traditional rating-nbv better than the industry, with a strong lead effect on the efficiency of financial operations.
If the cost of insurance has deepened in recent years and increased competition in the industry, the excess cost of marketing has led to high income tax growth - value poles!
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: net group profits continue to grow at a high rate against the background of market environment pressure (life assessment - high value growth, financial science and technology risk recovery reserve offset), and nbv increases remain strong against the background of sales environment pressure.
Road 2017-10-29. The fundamentals are significantly superior to those of a colleague, and the future proxies will continue to safeguard the company’s profits and its robust growth, and the technology board will move into a profit cycle that will enhance the corporate valuation.
2018 pev, maintaining a strong “buy-in” rating. Volatility affects investment returns; 4) increased competition due to increased insurance premiums.
Xiang Xiang Xiang, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been assigned to the Securities Investment Advisory Board.