Financial+Technology continues to be an enabler - China is safe in mid-2018.
On 21 August, China released its semi-annual report for 2018. The company achieved a net profit of $6.477 billion in the first half of the year, equal to +31.9 per cent and a net profit of $5.809 billion attributable to the shareholders of the parent company, equal to +33.8 per cent.
Performance: significant quarterly improvement in excess of expectations, accelerated growth in operating profits \triangleright corporate performance continued to grow in the first half of the year, net return ratio +33.8 per cent, net return profit before the revision of the simulation guidelines
Transport profit growth and solvency remained sufficiently stable, with companies raising their cash dividends to the same ratio of dividends in the medium term + 24 per cent. End of liability: life insurance plates continue to improve and the three-quarter low base pushes nbv to continue to be higher than his partner \triangleright
In the second quarter, the company enhanced the sale of guaranteed products, with an increase of 4.1 pp to 38.5 per cent in the value of new operations in the first half of the year and a value of $38,757 million or +0.2 per cent in the first half of the year. In the second quarter, Nbv and Nbv were fast-tracked, better than their counterparts.
The new single base figure for the third quarter is relatively low. Nbv is expected to grow by +7-10% throughout the year. The number of agents remains stable, with the average annual premium per capita falling by 20% compared to the previous year.
In spite of the “open door” premium, the company's agent corps remained largely stable, with a one-quarter ring ratio of -2.4 per cent, and a two-quarter +3.4 per cent company did not adopt aggressive marketing costs and client incentives, the number of life insurance agents in the first half of the year was insured, the company would take the lead in optimizing the agent, naturally phasing out low-capacity agents, and maintaining a high-quality team to ensure its new business.
At the end of the liability: the treasury portfolio continued to outperform the industry, with a combined cost rate of 0.3 percentage points lower than the previous year; property insurance increased by 14.3 per cent in the first half of the year, compared with 12.1 per cent in the industry, with a market rate of 19.7 per cent, compared to the same period last year, with a fair value change gain of $11,624 million; net return on investment, total investment return
The two-wheel-drive “finance plus technology” strategy has been very effective, with a significant increase in operating profits, and as an integrated financial group, 5.53 million individual clients of companies hold contracts with multiple subsidiaries at the same time, an increase of 17.2 per cent compared to the beginning of the year; the number of contracts held by group clients per capita was 2.39, an increase of 4.8 per cent compared with the corresponding rate of 4.8 per cent for financial science and technology.
In the first half of the year, the profits from the operation of financial and medical technology rose by 6.4 percentage points to 7 per cent. As at the beginning of the year, the number of health-care management services had risen by 8.8 per cent; and the number of health-care services provided by well-being doctors had risen to nearly 230 million users.
In the first half of the year, pressure on the sale of industry’s life-risk products and volatility in secondary markets were reflected in data on the level of the company’s agents’ per capita productive capacity, investment returns, etc. But the company’s operations were robust, with net profits growing by more than 30%, slightly higher than expected.
On the other hand, in the first half of the year, the operating profits of financial and medical science and technology increased by 6.4 percentage points, and China is safe as the insurance company with one of the most scientific genes on the market. We give the company a “recommended” investment rating of less than expected sales of end-of-life insurance products; and 2, science and technology have not developed as much as expected.
Zhou Xiaoping, a mid-level economist and a Master of Economics from the University of Xian Transport, was a member of the Economic Research Institute and the Department of National Enterprise Strategy and Development, which was responsible for macroeconomic and industrial research. In 2015, he joined the Human Security Fund.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.