The price of crude oil continues to rise, actively implementing market-market management tests, research and rapid evaluation of companies, petrochemicals, refining and trading.
(1) As at 21 February, Wti ' s crude oil futures settlement price was $77.91 per barrel, an increase of 5.5 per cent from the beginning of the month; Brent ' s crude oil futures closure price was $83.03 per barrel, an increase of 5.5 per cent from the beginning of the month; and (2) based on the response of the corporate investor interactive platform, the company placed a high priority on market value management and market image (capital performance, capital market awards, regulatory body discipline) to quantify market value performance.
1) In 2024, oil prices will remain high between the middle and the high, and upstream oil and gas extraction plates will remain high: in February, the price of crude oil rose, partly due to the warming of the geophysical situation, while in the United States economic data performance was strong, China’s interest rate reduction stimulated the economy’s demand for crude oil, and market sentiment was optimistic. We believe that the overall supply and demand of crude oil is tight, and Brent’s oil prices are expected to remain at the higher range of $80-90 per barrel in the coming year.
2) Global gas demand continues to grow, foreign gas prices have fallen, and company import costs are expected to improve: according to the 2024 Shell Liquidation Day outlook report, global and Chinese gas demand will peak in the year after 2040, and global demand for ng is expected to grow by more than 50% by 2040, reaching 625 million to 685 million tons per year. China will dominate the growth in global demand for ng, 75% of which will come from ng supply.
We believe that the price of natural gas is expected to continue to fall and that the cost of natural gas imports by companies is expected to improve significantly. As of February 21, the cadastral price of liquefied natural gas in North-East Asia was $8.20 per million in hot units, down by $1.51 per million in heat units, compared to the beginning of the month.
Meeting of heads of enterprises. In 2024, the National Investment Commission maintained a “one-for-one-for-five” system of management of central enterprises as a whole, requiring a “one-for-one-for-one-for-one-for-one-for-one-for-five-for-all” system, i.e. a steady increase in the efficiency of central enterprises, a synergistic increase in total profits, net profits and net return profits, net capital, a better rate of return on production, full-time labour productivity, an improved cash-for-business ratio, a sustained increase in the intensity of research and development inputs and in the efficiency of scientific and technological output, and an overall asset.
On January 24, 2024, the State Council's Press Office held a press conference in which the State Council's State Finance Committee will further study the integration of market value management into the performance appraisal of central business leaders. On January 29, 2024, the State Finance Committee of the State Council held a meeting on the evaluation and allocation of the Central Enterprise and Local State Finance Committee to fully implement the “One Enterprise” appraisal, establish a “double points” mechanism for the appraisal and full roll-out of market value management for listed companies.
The price of oil will remain in mid- and high-rises in 2024, while the upstream oil and gas plate will remain high. The price of crude oil rose in February, owing to the warming of the geophysical situation on the one hand, and the strong performance of United States economic data, on the other, China’s interest rate reduction stimulus.
As a result of the positive market moods that boosted the demand for crude oil, we believe that the overall supply and demand of crude oil is tight and that future Brent oil prices are expected to remain at $80-90. According to the latest monthly reports on Oec, iea, and eia, the demand for crude oil in 2024 was 104.40 million barrels per day, 103.00, 102.42 million barrels per day, compared to the above eia data, and 13.3 million barrels per day of crude oil production in the United States as of 9 February, which was the same as last week.
Drums/days, 300,000 barrels/day less than the previous week; refineries, 80.6 per cent less than last week, 1.8 percentage points less. As of 9 February, US crude oil stocks stood at 439 million barrels, an increase of 12.2 million barrels over the previous week, US petrol stocks at 247 million barrels less than the previous week, a decrease of 3.66 million barrels; and distilled oil stocks at 126 million barrels, a decrease of 192 million barrels compared to the previous week.
Figure 2: Recent trends in Brent oil prices (US$/barrell) Global natural gas demand continues to grow, foreign gas prices fall and company import costs are expected to improve. According to the 2024 Shell Liquefied Natural Gas Outlook report, global and Chinese gas demand will peak in 2040, and global demand will peak in 2040.
Demand is expected to grow by more than 50 per cent, to 625 million to 685 million tons per year. China will dominate the growth of major global demand for ng, 75 per cent of which has fallen sharply in recent times, owing to the easing of the United States gas as a whole, and to the fact that the winter season has passed, we believe that the price of natural gas is expected to continue to fall and that the cost of natural gas imports by companies is expected to improve significantly. In 2023, China’s total production of natural gas was 22,97.7 billion, an increase of 5.5 per cent.
As at 21 February, nymex gas futures were received at a price of $1.78 per million EH unit, a decrease of $0.27 per million EH unit (-13.0 per cent) compared to the beginning of the month; LNGs in North-East Asia at a cost of $8.20 per million EH unit, a decrease of $1.51 per million EH unit (-15.5 per cent) compared to the beginning of the month; and henryhub at a current price of $1.58 per EH unit, a decrease of $0.57 per EH unit (-26.5 per cent) compared to the beginning of the month.
Figure 3: Revenue prices for nymex gas futures (US dollars/millions of HEU) Figure 4: Henryhub gas spot prices (US$/millions of HEU)
From 25 to 26 December 2023, the State Finance Committee of the State Council convened a meeting of heads of central enterprises. In 2024, the State Finance Committee maintained the same system of management of central enterprises as a whole for the “one-win-five-per-cent-rate” goal, requiring “one-stable growth with five-per-cent sustained optimization”, i.e. a steady increase in central enterprise benefits, a synergistic increase in total profit, net profit and net return to mother, a better net asset rate of return, full labour productivity, and a better cash-for-business ratio.
On 24 January 2024, the Press Office of the State Council held a press conference at which the State Commission of the State Council will further study the integration of market value management into the performance appraisal of heads of central enterprises.
Implementation of a “one-size-fits-all” test, establishment of a “two-plus” mechanism, full roll-out of the market value management appraisals of listed companies, and guidance to enterprises in achieving high quality, according to the response of the interactive platform of corporate investors, companies attach great importance to market value management and the performance of their capital markets, incorporating market value performance into their annual performance appraisals at the management level, from changes in stock prices (for stock comparisons, composite index comparisons) and market image (capital performance, capital market awards, etc.)
The risk of large fluctuations in crude oil prices; the risk of frequent natural disasters; the risk of new projects falling short of expectations; geopolitical risks; policy risks The author guarantees that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author