Company review – refining and trade 26/0304 Chinese oil (601857.sh)
During the reporting period, companies achieved $31,011 million in operating income.
In the reporting period of smooth and efficient operation of operations and record performance, the company's two main industrial chains and operations, smooth and efficient operation of oil and gas and new sources of energy, refining and new materials, sales, sales, sales, etc.
Efficiency gains, enhanced production of old oil and gas fields, new zone efficiency, crude oil production, 4937.1 million barrels and 4,932.4 billion cubic feet, respectively, an increase of 3.4 per cent and 5.5 per cent, respectively, in comparison, and corporate crude oil production. In downstream refining, companies focus on the favourable moment for domestic demand to resume growth and improve their products.
Oil sales and market share: 1.398.8 million barrels of crude oil processed, 1,2736,000 tons of finished oil produced and 16,578,000 tons sold throughout the year, representing an increase of 15.3 per cent, 16.5 per cent, 10.1 per cent, respectively; the Department of Public Information has stepped up its efforts to develop new chemical materials and to promote a sustained increase in the production and sale of new chemical materials, as well as an increase in sales.
The price of raw materials has fallen, and corporate chemical operations have swollen in 2023. Continuously optimized investment structures, with robust core business development companies adhering to rigorous investment, precision investment, efficiency investment concepts, and continued optimization of investment structures.
The dollar, split, will be used mainly for hydrocarbons and new energy plates, as well as refining and new materials plates, of which the planned capital expenditure on oil, gas and new energy plates is $213 billion, and the company will focus primarily on the exploration and development of scale benefits in priority national basins, the advancement of autonomous offshore exploration projects, and increased access to high-quality offshore items.
The capital expenditure of the refinery and new material plate is $29 billion, which will be used mainly for the conversion and upgrading of companies.
Since it was listed, companies that actively defended shareholders’ interests and were committed to high-scoring policies have always attached great importance to shareholder returns, strictly complying with the company’s charter and related regulatory requirements, and actively engaged in the distribution of dividends.
And the high dividends are expected to continue, and the company’s shareholders are expected to benefit fully, with the company’s medium- and long-term investment value highlighted.
He was, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Ren Wenbo, a doctor of chemistry from China’s Petroleum University (Waodong). He worked as a senior engineer in China’s oil industry for eight years, and joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018, mainly in the chemical industry.
This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy Securities). Galaxy securities are not considered a customer by the recipient for this report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment in order to ensure the quality of services, control investment risks, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy Securities Agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.