Nuclear power reboot wind revival, fuel cell harvest period nearing date: 27/03/2019 - first-ever coverage study of Eastern Electric (600875).
The nuclear power project was approved to remain silent for more than three years, with access to "Little Roads": on March 18th, the Ministry of the Environment announced the first phase of a nuclear power plant, Unit 1, and Unit 1, in Fujianzhou, and a nuclear power plant, Daping Ridge.
Environmental impact report, nuclear power gets to the "Little Line" reboot soon, taking into account the fact that the company is in the process of building the nuclear limit 41.68% of the power remains low at 11 stations, and we expect that nuclear power will be approved more quickly.
The company will benefit from the reboot of nuclear power in the future from the core supplier of the plant’s mainframe equipment. Wind power industry recovery, company powering offshore wind power: 1305 planning for offshore wind power start-up.
The target size is 10.5 million kilowatts, ensuring a cumulative 5 million kilowatts of grid access, the company's offshore wind power, the first batch of quantitative 60mw orders to make a breakthrough, and the year 2018 wind plate is expected to be marketed a share (billion yuan)
The year 2019 was a year of wind and wind power, with energy spending rising from 7 billion in 18 to 24 billion in 19 and the company wind and power business, which once ranked among the top three in the country, the wind and power revitalization programme received strong support from the consortium, and wind and power operations introduced several new types of machines.
After the Rainbow Plan was implemented and presented, there was a significant increase in performance: the Rainbow Plan passed through, and the entire non-listed assets of the Group Division were loaded into listed companies, with the core assets of the Eastern Treasury.
With only 18h1, the Division and the State Corporation will contribute $365 million in net profits, and in the future the company will have a thick and thin hair and the fuel cells will enter the harvest period: the company will start fuel cell research in 2011 with 135 cumulative patent applications, with autonomous power fuel cell technology, and acquire Sichuan.
A commercial demonstration of 50 hydrogen fuel cell buses in the province has now accumulated 350,000 m2. The company’s hydrogen fuel cell buses are working together in Hainan Province to negotiate their future delivery of hand orders.
1. Large-scale power-generating equipment, the Rainbow Initiative, which is re-emerged twice, with the advantage of traditional large-scale power-generating equipment, which is one of the world's largest suppliers of power-generating equipment and of power station engineering masters, with major operations including large ones.
For 15 years in a row, power generation equipment has been among the highest in the world. Large-scale power generation is a capital- and technology-intensive industry, with high barriers, companies.
The development of power generation equipment started early and benefited from the support of the State, and after more than 60 years of operation and development, technology was strong, production was leading, leading the country’s leading enterprise in the manufacture of power generation equipment, with core competitive power.
Three major manufacturing bases for power generation equipment, also known as the “three main engines.” Eastern Electric Co. Ltd. was listed in 1994 (1072.hk) and 1995 (600875.sh), respectively. In 2018, the company implemented a plan to increase (i.e., the Rainbow Programme), whereby Eastern Electric purchased its eastern holdings from the Eastern Electric Group by issuing a shareholdings.
95% of financial equity, 100% of State Corporation equity, 100% of Eastern ownership, 41.24% of Eastern Japanese equity, and 833 items of equipment-type assets owned by material gas groups. The transactions referred to in the company's internal name, Rainbow Plan, were completed on 16 November 2018, so that all the assets of the former non-listed group companies were loaded into listed companies, including core assets.
For Eastern Finance, the State Corporation, the East Self-Control and Hydrogen Energy Company.1.2 The Rainbow Plan, which increases profits and opens the market space, before the Rainbow Project, the company's main business was divided into the production and sale of large-scale power generation packages and the provision of electricity.
Station engineering contracting and services, with major products including 1,000mw class supercritical fire units, 1,000mw class water wheel generator units, 1,000mw-1750mw class nuclear power units, heavy gas turbine equipment, wind power equipment and the implementation of the large Rainbow Initiative, the scope of operations of listed companies will be expanded and new electrical power electronics and controls will be added.
Finance, logistics, trade, new energy, industrial smart equipment, etc., the industrial chain of listed companies as manufacturers of power-generating equipment will be improved, and the core industry of power-generating equipment will increase its efficiency. At the same time, through this transaction, listed companies will be significantly upgraded in terms of integration, internationalization, and it is hoped that future performance growth will be fostered through new operations.
The core assets include Eastern Finance, National Union, East Self Control and Hydrogen Energy. Eastern Finance, $202 million, according to the Chamber of Machine Commerce, signed overseas electricity in 2018 by East Electric Group International Cooperation Ltd.
In the future, hydrogen energy companies will enjoy the advent of hydrogen-energy societies in the coming years. 2. Traditional domestic operations are shrinking. Overseas orders support the development of 2.1 traditional electric power technologies over the next few years.
The three main hosts of the power plants are boilers, turbines and generators, and the company's core affiliate, the Eastern boiler, is the world's largest power station, the Centre for the Development, Design and Manufacture of boiler products, which was established in 1966 and is historically heavy and robust, with a national “Counter of Engineering for Clean and Efficient Combustion”, “High-temperature Pressure Materials and Welding Works”
Laboratory and Sichuan Province Priority Laboratory for Clean Burning and Gas Cleaning 35 technologies were awarded national scientific and technological advances: 106 results were awarded provincial and ministerial awards for scientific and technological progress. Especially on the side of the ultracritical cycle fluidization bed technology, they are at international leadership.
The company’s core company, the Orient Wheeler, is a centre for research and development, design and manufacture of large power station turbines, with complete product series of various types or combinations of condensation, air cooling, heating, etc., with high mechanical power and parameters from 50 mw.
The voltage wheels have grown to 1,000mw class supercritical car turbines with mature, reliable, high-performance and advanced air-cooling, heat-supply technologies and complete auxiliaries, and are at the forefront of the country. The Eastern turbines have long-lived high-temperature material state focused laboratories.
National Science and Technology Progress Award, 2018, Second Class. The company's core affiliate, the Orient Electric Power Company, covers 600-1300mw coal-fired turbine generators, has a large clean power technology engineering laboratory in Sichuan province, a national demonstration workshop for specialists and approximately 2,000 professional technicians.
By November 2018, the installed capacity of the country was about 1.77 billion kilowatts, an increase of 5.2 per cent over the previous year, a decline of 2 percentage points over the same period.
987.7 million kilowatts, of which 3,017 million kilowatts were added, a decrease of 909 kilowatts in comparison. In recent years, especially with the strengthening of uniform bid management by the Group, fire and electricity orders have tended to be tied up and sold by the three main hosts, which has contributed in part to the growth of the company’s traditional orders.
Since 2019, the company's new fire and electricity orders have continued and, as of 15 March, the company had been awarded a larger order of one, the three main mainframe equipment for the "Santung Rusi Power Company Limited 2 x 670,000 kilowatt coal underground gas generation project": two, Xinghua Valley, 2 x 1 million kilowatts of coal turbines and generators: three, 2 x 1 million kilowatts of cauldrons in the Hunnan Power River.
As of 30 June 2018, the company had a total of $84.8 billion in hand orders, of which 65.4% were for clean and efficient energy, 65.4% were for domestic coal power, etc. The share of domestic electricity and electricity orders has been gradually declining, and high-end electricity overseas has made a big breakthrough. The company has signed overseas orders for 2 x 225mw in Indonesia for the last two years.
Electricity project, Mira 2x225mw coal combustion project in Indonesia, 2x660mw supercritical coal power plant project on the Vietnamese coast, three main mainframe contracts for Kaltim2 (2x125mw) project in Indonesia, Slavyansk power station in Ukraine project, Hannawi 6x1,100mw clean coal combustion project in Egypt, totalling 9.9 million kW for overseas orders
According to the semi-annual 2018 report, 16,962 million new orders were placed on hand orders, 35.5 per cent of new orders were for clean and efficient energy equipment (fire, nuclear power, combustion) and renewable energy equipment (hydro, wind, solar)
Figure 4: Fire turbines produced by Oriental turbines Figure 5: Large water turbines produced by Orient motors 2.2 with pumping capacity to build peaks, hydropower opens up incremental space
The pumping power plant has the advantage of starting flexible and fast-paced power not only to operate reliably but also to be a more economical power and storage device, which is part and parcel of the construction of a clean, low-carbon, safe, stable, and economically efficient modern power system. The pumping power plant is primarily responsible for the upscaling, filling, frequency, tuning and emergency preparedness of the system.
The pumping plant can convert energy that is difficult to consume by pumping water into power at low load valleys; When the power is needed by generating power at load peaks or systems. The pumping power plant can use its storage capacity to achieve peak filling, effectively smoothing fluctuations in external power and new energy sources, and improving the system.
The smoothness of the operation has increased the safe and stable operation of the grid, the economic performance of the power system, and the optimal allocation of resources to society as a whole. In recent years, significant developments have taken place, with the national grid pumping water and electricity reaching 1,923,000 kW and 3,015,000 kW, respectively, by the end of 2018.
The company accumulated a heavy load in the area of hydroelectric equipment, and as the owner of a fleet of four hundred and seventy-seven thousand kw units on the right bank of the tri-gorge and two seven hundred thousand kw water coolers on the ground of 27-28 of the tri-gorge, the company has a fully autonomous intellectual property right to large-scale hydroelectric equipment.
The main players in the country are the Orient and Harbin generators, while the main players abroad are Andretz (China) Ltd. and Fuyt Hydroelectrics Ltd. Shanghai. According to the results of the third tender for goods (power mainframe) for the National Power Network in 2018, four units each took over.
According to the planning of the national grid, since the party's eighteenth birthday, including the construction of five pumping power plants, the national grid has begun construction of 26 pumping power plants with a capacity of 3,615,000 kW;
The national grid is the main developer of pumping power plants. In terms of the market share of 25%, the Eastern power plant can share the share of 8,437.5 million kw. In addition, the Southern grid, as well as numerous non-grid owners, are actively developing pumping water.
3 Nuclear power is being built at a low level, and approval is expected to restart 3.1 nuclear power has been rebooted, and the following is expected to accelerate, with 7 nuclear power plants operating for the first time online in 2018.
The first connection was made on 30 June 2018, and the first of the first of the first generation of power was installed on 29 June 2018. In addition to the three units of the first unit, three units of ap1,000 were first connected and three generations of nuclear power units were added to the grid, leading to further verification of the reliability of three generations of nuclear power technology.
As the nuclear power grid continues, with the construction of nuclear power units being drastically reduced to 11 units, maintained at a low level, taking into account the continuity of nuclear power construction and zero nuclear power approvals for the third consecutive year, we believe that nuclear power approvals are expected to be reactivated and that the 3.2 company will perform in three generations of nuclear power technology and that nuclear power will benefit greatly from the resumption of nuclear power.
From the point of view of nuclear power technology, the first generation of nuclear power plants began in the 1950s and 1960s, mainly to test the feasibility of nuclear power for early prototype reactors. The second generation of nuclear power generation, which flourished between the mid-1960s and the late 1990s, was the beginning of a commercial nuclear power plant, compared to the first generation.
Second-generation nuclear power plants can be built and operated in an economically and replicable manner. The third-generation nuclear power plant standards create the context in which developed countries of nuclear power have begun to develop safer and more affordable design standards and nuclear power plant safety clearance procedures in order to revive nuclear power development. The United States and Europe have taken the lead in clarifying accident prevention and enhancing safety.
The most fundamental difference between the third generation and the second generation is that the third generation of nuclear technology makes the prevention of serious accidents in the nuclear chain a condition that must be met for the design of nuclear power plants. The fourth generation of technology is based on safety.
The economy and replicability are expected to be further recognized and replicated in the future.
Figure 10: Trends in nuclear power technology. The company's nuclear power equipment manufacturing operations are mainly carried out by the Orient Heavy Machine located in Guangzhou, the nuclear power generator is carried out by the Orient Machine, the nuclear power turbine is carried out by the Orient Wheeler and the nuclear power plant is provided with nuclear i, ii, ii, and ii.
Island equipment and supporting products (e.g. reactor pressure packagings, steam generators, stabilizers, residual heat discharge heat exchangers, inner building blocks) cover technical stacks such as second generation, third generation (Walong 1, p10000, epr, cap 1400), fourth generation (high temperature cooling, sodium cold fast), ocean nuclear power platforms and international thermal fusion reactors.
On 6 November 2017, the first generator of the “Wallon I” nuclear power programme was limited in the Eastern Electric Company's Eastern Electric Company.
The company passed the "type test" and all the indicators met and were superior to design requirements, marking the success of the autonomous development of the country's first "Wallon One" generator, a 1,000-mw-grade water-pressure reactor designed and developed by Westhall, USA.
Ap1,000 nuclear power units, four each in China and the United States. China is Zhejiang Ximen nuclear power units, two each, three of which are the first nuclear power units in the world, ap1000, which began construction in April 2009 and was connected to the net in June 2018; three nuclear power units, two in December 2009 and one in August 2018.
In October, all four units of China's Ap1000 have been connected to the network to date. Two in Georgia and two in South Carolina, respectively. Ap1000 has been extended over a period of four to five years from its original plan.
China’s export of nuclear power technology is subject to certain restrictions, which affect China’s international voice in nuclear power. It is essential to promote our transition from nuclear power to nuclear power.
In the implementation of the national “one-way” initiative, China's technology and equipment took the country's way to the international stage. The Hualong I is the technology for the millions of kilowatt-grade pressurized water reactors that we have complete autonomous intellectual property rights.
On the basis of the acp1000 and acpr10+ developed earlier, respectively, the group developed jointly, with a national production rate of nearly 90% of the equipment. The company's participation depth at the Hualong One, which is the main equipment of the Hualong I. Team projects at the Kalachi nuclear power station 2 and 3 are China's first Chinese nuclear power station overseas.
From the current progress in construction, it is expected that all will be delivered ahead of schedule, providing historical performance guarantees for the launch of the Hualong I. From historical performance, the company’s steam generator, the main pump, and the wheels on the conventional island.
The power plant has a greater advantage, with major equipment such as nuclear turbine generators on the conventional island having more performance, and nuclear power will be the main source of the “13th Five” energy supply increase, and the company is now in the order of $30 billion in hand-held power, which is expected to benefit from the reboot of the “Wallon One” nuclear power.
The wind power sector has recovered and wind power operations are expected to be revitalized in 2018, with 20,59 million kW of new and netted wind and power installed nationwide, with cumulative net installed capacity of 184 million kW, accounting for 9.7 per cent of the total installed capacity, and 3.6 billion kWh of wind and electricity generated in 2018, accounting for 5.2 per cent of the total electricity generated.
0.4 percentage points higher than in 2017. In 2018, the country used an average of 2,095 hours, an increase of 147 hours in the same year; in the year as a whole, the number of wind discharges amounted to 27.7 billion kWh, a decrease of 14.2 billion kWh in the same year, with an average of 7%; in the same year, the 4.1 company was a 15-year-old soldier in the field of wind and electricity, with full technology.
In 2004, the company introduced a world-class double-bender unit, using it to cut into wind and wind power, which, after continuous introduction, digestion and innovation, not only had the capacity to design and manufacture a 4mw land-based direct wind-driller, but also the capability to manufacture wind machines at sea, of which 7mw offshore wind turbines obtained an iec design certificate, which is a small part of the country.
In 2015, using the Group’s resource advantages to promote the development of the Eastern Wind Industry, the Eastern Electric has integrated the wind-related sectors under the flag of the Orient Motors and the Orient Electric Power Company, and in March, the Eastern Electric Winds Limited was officially established.
Division, turning a new page on the development of wind power.
The first in-house and second global certificate for the design of the 10mw class large offshore wind generator group, iec. The smart windfield product, ipacom, is available for competitive Internet access, affordable Internet access, offshore wind power, distributed wind power, centralized wind power development for practical solutions, and all the engine-type transformer systems are fully autonomous.
On October 16, 2018, the first 4.0mw (dew-d4000-148) direct wind-drive generator unit developed autonomously by Eastern Electric Winds Ltd. was successfully offline at Tianjin’s manufacturing base. The wind and power revitalization program was first successful. As one of the three major attacks of the Group, wind and electricity revenue was 6.82 per cent of 1 h in 2017.
In 2019, in the year of wind and electricity, the energy industry increased its spending on wind and electricity from 7 billion in 18 to 24 billion in 19; the public wind and power industry was once the country's top three; and the wind and power revival programme received strong support from the consortium.
According to our “13th Five-Year Plan for Wind and Power Development” by 2020, the construction of offshore wind and electricity was set at 10.5 million kilowatts, ensuring a cumulative 5 million kilowatt of grid-connected capacity. To reach the planned goal of grid-connection capacity, the combined growth rate of offshore wind power and grid capacity will be 32% between 2017 and 2020.
By the end of the Twelfth Five-Year Plan, 73.2 billion yuan had been invested in offshore wind power. In recent years, China's sea wind power has grown rapidly, with an additional capacity of 59/116/161 million kW in 16/17/18 and a cumulative capacity of 3.63 million kW by the end of 2018; about 11 million kW in construction, industry
According to sea wind power approvals, according to cwea, in 2017 there were 14 new offshore wind power projects in our country, with a capacity of 4070 mw, in 2018 there were 45 new approved offshore wind power projects in our country, with a capacity of 17837 mw, distributed along all the coasts of Liaoning, Tianjin, Shandong, Jiangsu, Shanghai, Zhejiang, Fujian and Guangdong.
Provinces and cities, of which Fujian and Guangdong have the largest authorized capacity. On January 16, 2019, Jiangsu approved 24 offshore wind power projects, with a total installed capacity of 6.7gw, which will start in the next few years. In the next few years, China will have a worldwide capacity of additional offshore wind power units.
For example, in 2016-2017, it was maintained at 26.6 per cent/26.9 per cent, taking into account that China ' s offshore wind power has just begun to be installed on a large scale, and considering the approved capacity of the offshore wind power, the potential for future growth is enormous. 4.3 The offshore wind power technology and orders have made two breakthroughs and the offshore wind power has continued to expand.
On May 3rd, 2018, the Eastern Wind 5mw anti-typhoon sea was hit by a zero break in the sea wind bulk order, and the wind engine team was successfully and officially launched on a one-time network at the Bay Bay Sea Experiment in Fukuchi Province. Following the successful integration of the first fleet, the first sea wind bulk order was obtained, winning the bid for 60mw offshore wind in the Bay of Fukugi Gorge.
Project, with the planned installation of 12 offshore wind-resistance generation units with an east wind power dew-g5,000, which marked a continuous breakthrough in the technology of the sea wind. On 17 October 2018, the Chinese Quality Certification Centre issued a design certification certificate to the east wind collar for the 10mw offshore wind generator unit, iec, which marked the east wind power.
The 10mw series of offshore wind generators fully meets the iec standard certification requirements, Eastern Electric becomes the country’s leader, and the second global remodeler with the 10mw class large offshore wind generator iec design certification. It is expected that it will save on the subsequent offshore wind orders. There has been substantial progress in the development of new wind products, with 5mw offshore winds.
The machine was certified through a model and obtained the first orders, the 8mw offshore wind engine was developed as planned, the 3.xmw wind on land was designed and certified with a phased design certificate, and the area of offshore wind and power operations was expanding, with the company expanding its Māori base in addition to the traditional offshore wind generators.
On November 21st, 2018, the first construction project in Guangdong Province started with a high-power offshore wind project - the first 5.5mw tube in the south of Changjiang, was successfully delivered at the dedicated port of the Orient Heavy Machine. Considering the first start-up project and the demonstration of the first one, the wind turbine was exposed to 500-800 km.
Transport radius limits, processing bases in Guangzhou, easy access to the sea, a certain geographical advantage, and future orders are expected. Eastern cranes will form the capacity to produce 40,000 tons of wind towers per year in 2019, and will rapidly expand to 60,000-80,000 tons per year, depending on market requirements.
Foreign wind and electricity orders continued to progress, with the Aisha project in Ethiopia and the Heradura II project in Cuba coming into force, and the Ulyanovsk project in Russia obtaining equipment handover certificates issued by the owners.
In 2011, after eight years of autonomous research and development, the company established an autonomous system of intellectual property rights for fuel and electricity tanks, with a cumulative patent application of 135.
A range of products and technologies with advanced levels of industry, such as battery ccm membrane electrodes, “kilowatt grade proton membrane fuel cell reactor”, “Multifunctional Fuel Cells 2-12kw Test System for Electricity Generation”, “Kiowatt Level Fuel Cell Alternative Power System”, were successfully implemented in 2014.
In the area of urban transport, new autonomous products such as the High Performance Fuel Cell Momentum Electrodes, the Proton-Membrane Fuel Power Module, the Large Power Fuel Cell Test System and the Fuel Cell Vehicle Power System have been successfully developed, and fuel cell buses with a full set of autonomous intellectual property rights have been developed in cooperation with Chengdu Motors, Sichuan Province; and
The first edition of the Recommended Vehicle Catalogue for the Extension of New Energy Motors, 2018, has now accumulated 350,000 kilometres of operation and obtained a commercial demonstration of 50 hydrogen fuel cell buses in Sichuan Province.
Hydrogen energy was first reported in 2019, and the government has given unprecedented support to the hydrogen industry. The Blue Book on the Development of Hydrogen Energy Infrastructure in China plans to reach 10,000 fuel-cell vehicles in China and 100 hydrogen-added stations by 2020, with a total industry output of 300 billion yuan; by 2030, the fuel-cell vehicle holdings will have to “crash”
In addition, on March 26, the new energy car subsidy dropped significantly by as much as 60%, but the government is only 20% of the fuel cell car retreat, and this is merely a measure of government support for and care of the fuel cell car industry from the point of view of prevention.
The fuel cell industry will enter the harvest period.1 Clean and efficient energy equipment (fired power + nuclear power + burner) will be reduced by 15% per year due to large environmental impacts, and the Māori rate will remain largely stable after 2018.
With 6-8 electric power approved annually, the company’s current market occupancy rate has been largely maintained, and with the re-launching of nuclear power, the nuclear power business has come to a relatively moderate level, and we assume that the level of the company’s conventional and nuclear island equipment is almost the same as it was in 2017. With a small increase in combustion operations, the rate of Maori has remained stable.
2. Renewable energy equipment (hydropower + wind + solar), given the 18-year wind-to-power deficit and the two-year period ahead of us being a big year of wind power, we expect a small increase in wind power over the next three years, but the Māori rate has risen steadily. With the completion of power development, the Māori rate has remained stable.
3. Modern services (electricity engineering + power service + finance, etc.), with the growth of overseas orders and the Ministry of National Unity ' s merger, power station engineering operations have grown and Māori rates have stabilized, while power station services have been growing at a moderate rate of about 15 per cent and Māori rates have remained stable.
4. Electricity electronics and intelligence control, with Eastern self-control and integration with the Ministry of Smart Control, the future 5, eco-environmental protection and others, with other operations remaining at 30% due to a low base and a 20% increase. As management improves, the cost of company sales and management costs drop slightly from year to year and will not be large in the coming years.
On the basis of the above, and in the light of the current pattern of domestic energy development planning and industrial competition, and taking into account the company ' s operating conditions, our revenue projections are based on the following table: we expect that, with the re-launching of nuclear power, nuclear power orders will in the future play an important supporting role in the business, wind and electricity will be lost, and Eastern Finance and the United States companies will be able to achieve a significant increase in the company ' s performance.
Quick. Clean and efficient energy equipment is expected to generate business income of $2078/2045 million in 2018/2019; renewable energy installations, the Rainbow Plan, with a nominal increase in performance, cover the first time that an “enhanced” rating has been given. 1. Nuclear power approvals have fallen short of expectations; 2. wind power has recovered short of expectations; and 3. hand orders have been delivered short of expectations.