Gretchen, high barriers to the industrial chain, watch the channel change. 10,000, the market share is first in the industry. The Gretchen Stock Exchange was completed at the end of 2019, and the Gretchen Electric was turned on.
We look forward to a recovery in the share of the power-channel changes. For the first time, it's covered, given, and provided favourable external conditions for the power-channel changes. The power is now moving in the right direction.
The development of retail channels, the structure of the offline channels and the transformation of the system, and the assumption of an information system. We believe that the measures taken in the reform of the power channels are in the right direction.
The power of the chain of industrial profits, according to our dismantling of the chain of industrial profits for different manufacturers, is significantly higher than that of other brands. The dominance of the chain of industry used to be that of the power appliances provided the initiative in the change of channels.
Industry-scale industrial chain barriers provide a stronger security margin for the power. The global demand for domestic air-conditioning is about 200 million units per year, with more than 70% of air-conditioning production coming from China, with G Li accounting for about 30% of China’s air-conditioning production.
Under the circumstances, there is a high probability of successful change of channels. The share of online channels that is brought about by successful change of channels will not be as fast as expected; increased competition in the industry; and the impact of changes in the external environment on the industry as a whole.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for securities investment consulting business
The air-conditioning industry was established in 1989 as a major unit for the assembly and production of household space.
In 2019, GEM earned RMB 200 billion a year, and its net profit was RMB 24.7 billion.
According to the first half of 2020, air conditioning accounts for 83% of the income of the main battalion, and air conditioning accounts for 37%, which is significantly higher than his business. In the history of the Goliath, air conditioning has been the main business of the Goliath battalion, and the Goliath has been led by its own air conditioning.
Deep farming in the field has for many years been at the forefront of China’s air-conditioning industry.
Figure 3. Māori ratio of the main base business Figure 2. Main base income of the main power appliances Slow down in the air-conditioning industry and challenges for highroe
According to the Guere financial report, the air-conditioning business accounted for 83% of the main business income in the first half of 2020, and the Māori rate of air-conditioning was as high as 37%, which was significantly higher than his business. In the history of Gérière’s development for many years, the air-conditioning business has been the main business of the Gérières, which, thanks to its own deep cultivation in the air-conditioning domain, has been at the forefront of China’s air-conditioning industry for many years.
China’s air-conditioning sector has been growing slowly, while the efficiency of its competitors’ channels has had a certain impact on the market share of the power, which, by both factors, led to a marked decline in Glenoe in 2018 and 19 and, for the first time in 2019, was lower than that of the United States.
In late 2019, the Gluton Group transferred 15% of its share of the Glycerine to Joo Hae-min-hoon, which was approved by the Chuhai State Finance Committee, and the Glyco Group formally agreed with Joo Hae-hoon. Since then, Joo Hae-hyung has become the first major shareholder of the Glycerine, except for land-based shares.
The management’s share in Joo Hae-min was 11%, and the future equity incentive reforms promoted by Joo Hae-hyung made it possible for management to hold more than 6% of the highest share in the power plant. The equity reforms were deeply tied between management and listed companies, and inspired the dynamism and determination of the power appliances in 2019.
Two-and-one-one, the Gretton appliance, through its online sales platform, Dong Min Joo's store, officially set off the glycerine change. The air conditioning industry is growing down, and the upward trend in retail lines continues.
After a series of changes in the external environment, such as the 09-11 year period of household electricity defecation, the 18-year completion of real estate in winter, the 19-year cold summer phenomenon, and the 20-year new crown outbreak, China has more than 120 air-conditioning households. With air-conditioning penetration reaching the ceiling, low growth in the air-conditioning industry is the inevitable result. According to our calculations, the demand for air-conditioning in China has been dominated by the need for renewal.
The air-conditioning industry ceiling is still high and will enter the low-growth corridor in the long term, with the medium-sized countries holding about 1.4 billion air-conditioning units in 2040 (about 1.4 billion units). Given that the current air-conditioning penetration rate is 100 per cent (more than 120 units per household), the increase in air-conditioning output will enter the low-speed corridor, especially in 2023.
According to our estimates, by 2040, China's air-conditioning holdings will have reached a steady state, with a total size of more than 1.4 billion units.
China’s future growth space for air-conditioning holdings is largely influenced by two factors: 1) the growth of 100 households. According to the Statistical Office’s urban and rural air-conditioning per capita holdings, there are currently approximately 124 air-conditioning units in China, compared to 241 in Japan (in 2014).
In the United States (based on a central air conditioner, if one is equivalent to three household air conditioners, there are about 300 units in 100 households) there is still about one-fold increase in the number of households.
Household air-conditioning holdings are slowing down, which means that the demand for additional air-conditioning is slowing down, and we use the 10-year air-conditioning renewal cycle to calculate that the demand for air-conditioning in China will be dominated by the need for upgrading in 2023. The need for upgrading will be dominated by the need for upgrading, which means that the volume of output in industry will increase at a lower-middle-digit rate. According to our calculations, China ' s annual compound increase in the volume of air-conditioning sales in 2019-2023.
Improved electrical infrastructure, continued upward trend in the air conditioning retail line, improved electrical infrastructure, making electricity providers an important channel for retailing. Broadband infrastructure, including 1) broadband access, represents the flow of information. Increased speed of broadband access means two things, one being more information that users can receive in a unit time, making the connection more accessible.
When the availability of online shopping increases, the safety of online shopping begins to be taken into account. In 2010, payments were made, and less than 70 per cent of payment success was raised to more than 90 per cent based on the data disclosed.
The development of warehousing logistics, as an important Chinese power supplier infrastructure, has benefited from the development of power suppliers, which have improved storage logistics and, in turn, promoted online consumption. The power provider’s contribution to the development of warehousing logistics began in 2007 or so, and was substantially improved in 2015.
40%. In 2011, the rapid growth in the size of the network purchase and the input from the pre-storage logistics facility began to show value, with a drop in the unit price of the express delivery, which further reduced the threshold for online shopping and boosted the growth of power suppliers.
Figure 12. Changes in China's express delivery unit prices. The period of retailing channels has been completed. According to the Ministry of Trade and Communications, sales on the electricity retail line amounted to 576.5 billion yuan in 2019, representing 35.5% of total retail sales.
In white household electricity, refrigerators, washing machines, because of their low installation properties, are sold on the line at a significantly higher rate than air conditioners. Air-conditioning is close to ice-washing, but retail is significantly lower than ice-washing, which means that the products on the air-conditioning online channel and air-conditioning are sold at a significantly higher rate than air-conditioning.
In view of the difference in the price of the line above the ice-washing line (based on Ovie cloud data, average price on the line is about 40-50% lower than the average price below the line), the line-line product is largely separated. Deeper, the line-line is more closely integrated with the line below, the information flow is smoother, and the distribution between retail and post-sale is clearer.
The gap between the share of online retail sales will be further narrowed, and the division of products between online and offline channels will become more pronounced. The advantage of enterprise online channels has been transformed into an overall advantage.
In 2019, the US share of retail sales on the net/line increased by 28/31%, compared to 4 per cent/nine percentage points in the same year, while the share of retail sales on the bottom/line increased by 31 per cent/18 per cent, respectively.
The rapid increase in the retail share of the United States on the 2019 line has eroded the market share of the power. In November 2019, the power began to change channels, the retail price gap with the United States rapidly narrowed from about 25% in 2019 to about 15% in 2019.
The changes in the power channel are inevitable, and the time is right, and we believe that the change in the power channel is inevitable and the time is right. For three reasons, 1) the increase in the volume of sales in air conditioners goes down, and the tendency for efficient channels to replace inefficient channels increases.
There is a continuing trend towards a slow convergence of the industry as a whole, and the growth in the performance of the power itself will lead to growing pressure on the business of the off-line distribution channels, which must be addressed; 3) The post-equity reform channels have lost value as a role in supporting management decision-making, and the relationship between listed companies and channels becomes more marketable.
The alternative to the offline channel is the inevitable trend. The offline channel is, in our view, an inevitable trend. For two reasons, 1) the offline channel is more efficient than the offline channel, and it is more efficient, as reflected in the roe. The attraction of efficient channels to capital leads to the disappearance or innovation of inefficient channels; 2) for
In the case of manufacturers, the online channels are short-chained, low-priced, roi-higher. In the case of electricity suppliers' infrastructure, the shopping experience on the line will be closer to the lower-line retail stores.
We believe that the size of the main channel is measured by the efficiency of the channel. The level of the main channel determines whether it expands outward, and if the level of the main channel is maintained or even increased in the course of the expansion of the channel, then the main channel is not expanding continuously (online is reflected in an increase in the number of shops and on-line in an ever-expanding socialized logistics system).
High-roe channels are more competitive and have an alternative effect than low-roe channels. Overall, high-line channels are higher than lower-line, and lower-line distribution channels are slightly higher than lower-line ka channels. Different channels, main 1) have different turnover rates. Line-to-line turnover is significantly higher than below-line channels.
With the same product, more income can be generated, as reflected in a higher turnover of assets. We measure the ratio of gmv to total assets, and the network effect has further increased the turnover of assets by increasing the proportion of power-market platform operations. Underline ka channels have only two turnovers, and distributors have about five turnovers because of their smaller size. The advantage of online turnover is its overall lead efficiency.
The bottom-line distributors are slightly more profitable than the bottom-line distributors and the bottom-ka. We assume that the bottom-line distributors have a profit margin of about 5 per cent, while the bottom-line and ka-channels have a profit margin of about 1-2 per cent when operating air conditioners.
3)ka has a leverage advantage. Given the small size of the underline distributors, there is generally no leverage to do business. The asset liability ratio is around 60%. The equity multipliers generated by operating leverage close to the underline distributors as a whole.
In the industry as a whole, manufacturers sell through online channels, with higher profitability and cash returns. Even if the power gives their distributors a more lucrative profit, the profit and cash returns of their distributors do not exceed the online ones.
That is, even if there is a power that binds distributors in depth through a high rate of return, the return rate from the off-line channel is naturally lower than from the off-line roi. The low-season mode of return provides a barrier to the power at the high rate of growth in the industry, and the current bottleneck is in place.
For domestic electricity companies, products, channels, consumers (end demand) are the three major elements that form the value chain, and the importance of channels as a link between products and consumers, as a means of reaching and promoting products before they are purchased, as well as of installing and safeguarding services for consumers after they are purchased, (which are related to follow-up demand and marketing among consumers). From another perspective, it is self-evident.
From a perspective, channels also exist to reach and serve a wider range of consumers, so 1) changes in end demand, such as group, hierarchy, consumption habits, etc., can influence changes in channels; 2) more efficient channels for improving the overall efficiency of the value chain, based on reaching and servicing the same end demand, are more conducive to value creation.
In 2021-2023, the air-conditioning sector faced a more liberal industrial environment, and at any time as a link between products and consumers, both end-demand characteristics and channel infrastructure were affected (the product properties generally changed less). Over the history of domestic air-conditioning channels, air-conditioning distribution channels have gradually increased their penetration rates.
In the process, there are four main stages: 1) the ka-dominated distribution period (up to 2009); 2) the agent-distribution monopoly period (2009 - 2015); 3) the rapid expansion of power lines (2015 - 2018); 4) the offline integration period (2019 - today). According to our calculations, the demand for air conditioners was still dominated by new demand in 21 - 23 years, following the build-up of demand from the epidemic.
Intra-industry sales grew at rates above double digits. In 2021-23, sales in the air conditioning industry grew at rates above double-digits, and the industry environment was relatively relaxed, providing an objective condition for the transformation of power channels.
Domestic air conditioners were shaped in the early 20th century, in the 1950s in the United States, and were introduced into our city for 35 years now, around 1985. Looking back, the production of air conditioners at the production end in 1985 was about 120,000 units per year, and in 1992 it was about 1.5 million units per year. Very limited capacity to add core parts (compressors) is highly dependent on inflow.
In the 21st century, with the rapid growth of our economy, demand for movable property has expanded, while the domestication of core parts and components has progressed.
The price of air-conditioning has been reduced so that it has become more common in the lives of the population. It should be noted that, according to industry data online, we sold less than 30 million units per year of air-conditioning in the country until 2008, while, according to the penetration rate of domestic air-conditioning published by the National Statistical Office, the main domestic air-conditioning penetration was in urban areas in 2008 and before, while in rural areas, the rural population used 100 units of air-conditioning.
2009 - 2015: “Three policies” and the emergence of proxy systems, with the launch of the 2009 policy of de-householding households, three or four lines of urban demand dominate. In the context of decentralized demand, ka channels, which are rooted in two-line cities, fail to meet the demand growth generated by the policy.
Three policies have led to the growth of demand in low-line markets, as well as to the emergence of a proxy system. A dynamic distribution system has gradually been consolidated, and a strong price system has been established.
In 2015, along with the improvement of electricity vendor infrastructure and the continued low price of copper, some small brands gained a certain market share through the online sales model. Although later, small brand competitions declined, with industry leaders focusing on online sales and the recovery of raw material prices.
The 2015-2018 period, in addition to the expansion of online channels, saw a recovery in the demand for air conditioning. The favourable industry environment has given them full tolerance for change.
After retailing on-line normality, power-marketers' traffic flows began to decline. Electricity traders’ current dividends were decreasing, and below-line flows began to be highlighted as a counter-breeding effect on sales on-line. We believe that in the next 2-3 years, the air-conditioning industry will again face a more relaxed industry environment, and this could be the last one, when the demand is released as a result of the completion of real estate heating and the new crown outbreak.
There is a contradiction between the pressure on the cash flow of the power distribution system and the growth in the performance of the power itself.
1) High profit margin. Gravity gives higher returns to distributors, making distributors clearly ahead of others in terms of profit scale and profit margins. 2) High cash pressure. High profit margins of gist distributors are derived from high return policy, and high return gains are premised on cash withdrawals, i.e., replacements to cover stocks. So, we see that in years with a low industry profile (channel pressure)
We believe that there is a precondition for the continued operation of the existing GLE distribution system: the dealer completes his annual lift and gets the corresponding return. The size of the dealer’s annual assignment has a direct impact on the dealer’s cash flow pressure.
If the dealer is unable to do so, the dealer will not be able to make a return profit, will not be able to use a return profit to collect the goods, and the cash flow will become more stressful; if the task is too low, the output of the listed company will not be guaranteed, and the performance of the power will not be guaranteed. During the industry’s upper run, the industry will grow in size, the higher roe will become more attractive, and the pressure on the cash flow will be offset by growing profits.
Under the traditional distribution system, the long-term contradiction between cash flow pressure and performance growth cannot be resolved well.
Can the process of change be successful? The path is incorruptible, and the future is bright. The direct catalyst for change in the channel is a rapid reduction in the rate of increase and rapid increase in the share of competitors after a change in the channel. The most immediate goal of the process is a recovery in market shares.
We think that, in the course of channel change, lowering the price increase and increasing the ability to control the end price are the most powerful paths of change. We have a clear view of the change in the power channel. The reason is that the air-conditioning market grew faster than double digits in 21-23 years.
The industry environment offers sufficient tolerance for change in channels. (2) The implementation of new energy efficiency standards provides room for an increase in average prices for the industry as a whole.
Reassembled AC end-market share advantages are the most immediate targets of channel change, starting in 2019, and the share advantage of the GLOBL retail market has been lost, even once, at a lower price for the US. We believe that the decline in the GL market share is mainly due to the decline in the value of the GL against our competitors.
Using brand premiums (share difference + price differential) to measure the overall gap between the power and the power of the US brand, product power and channel. The previous years, driven by the price wars in the US, the price premium fell below the grid, and the power became more “valued” than the US after losing its channel advantage. After the outbreak, the premium under the grid recovered to about 10%, down from 15% during the 2019 price wars, and was significantly lower than the industry’s upward cycle.
On the anti-view line, the price premium for power did not decline significantly because of similarity of channels, rapidly returning to about 10% during the price war after the outbreak. This means that the value of the value of the power has remained relatively stable compared to the strength of the product.
The decline in the rate of price increases, depending on changes in the overall price system, changes in channel power and the lack of overall flexibility in the price system are the underlying causes of the loss of the power share advantage.) We believe that the composition of the channel is dependent on two points, one on the stability of the end price system and the other on a clear and differentiated matrix of products.
Regional marketing companies, as representatives of local authorities, have established stronger channels of management in various regions. In particular, in the context of the expansion of demand in low-line cities, regional marketing firms’ price parity systems, as well as return policies, have greater control over regional terminal prices.
The scale effect of the rate makes it very different from the cost of building air-conditioning in the United States. The difference in the price system is the main reason for the difference in the final price margin between the two.
The end retail price below the power line was hit by two shocks: small brands caught between the lower cost of raw materials, fast-dispersed the line, dragging down the terminal retail price base of air conditioning; and long-range brands released channel dividends after the channel changes, weakening the space for increased retail price of air-conditioning terminals. As small brands were too different in terms of their product and brand power, they should be placed.
When the volume increases, the impact is mainly on brands that are close to their price bands, but the channel dividends released by front brands have a direct impact on the price of gravity’s products. The combined advantage of gravity in terms of products, brands, and channels has won a premium on other brands, as well as other brands.
The efficiency gains, the power of the channels, the decline in brand premiums, the build-up of the end-price margin with competitors, and the rapid narrowing of the share. In a low industry landscape, a rapid reduction in the share advantage means a reduction in the overall size of the conduits, who need to adjust the terminal price to maintain their share.
The strong regulation of local channels by regional distribution companies makes it clear that distributors have a weaker ability to adjust their terminal prices than competitors, and that the Georgian terminal retail price is “harder.” In particular, when the channel stock is higher, the drop in the terminal price will directly lead to a devalued inventory. In the typical GPP system, for example, the dealer’s feeder price is consistent with the retail price, and profits are earned through return.
When prices fall, net cash inflows fall significantly more than when prices fall, and the pressure on cash from the channel increases significantly. The rigidity of terminal prices becomes even more pronounced when industry is down.
The reshaping of the price system requires a reshaping of the channel structure and the way in which the benefits of the channel are distributed, compared with the typical grid distributor system and the reformed distribution system of the United States, and we can see that there are a few differences in the role of regional marketing companies. Greco Regional Marketing is positioned as an independent operating entity, with profit-making as its first priority.
U.S. regional sales companies are more positioned as regional centres of operations and cost entities. 2) In a typically greasy distribution system, the price of the plant is higher, while at the same time giving regional sales companies a higher policy of return, and regional retail prices are controlled by regional sales companies by controlling their prices, so that regional sales companies have very high terminal pricing rights, and regional sales companies are in the entire pipeline chain.
The U.S. regional operations centres have no real pricing rights for downstream channels, and their profitability is significantly lower than that of end distributors. The end price needs to be resilient, the price system needs to be able to cope with changes in the end market.
The re-engineering of the way, changing the role of the various links of the channel, and contributing to a better overall change in the price system.
All over the world, all over the world, all over the world, all over the world, all over the world, all over the world, all over the world, all over the world.
In terms of the path, there are three paths for the change of the power channel: 1) for the change of the channel carrier; 2) for the change of the channel price system; 3) for the change of the infrastructure of the channel. It is difficult and difficult to change on the three paths. If the change begins in 2019, at this point in time, the power has changed to a different degree, and it will then deepen the change of the channel.
The changes in the three paths have been initiated, and the changes in the channel carriers are particularly evident in the change of channels, from a shop with an emphasis on the self-built platform, Dong Ming Ju, to a store with a follow-up, Dong Ming Ju, which links with the underline special store, all reflect the tendency of gravity to import the flow of the original group of customers on the line.
From May to August, Dong Myeong Joo launched a number of live online events, with a cumulative retail value of over 30 billion (about two-quarters of the GW). The changes in the price system were divided into two dimensions, one of which was a change in the channel structure and the other in the distribution of benefits.
The difference between the power and the American system of sales is, structurally, that the main sales company is the centre of profits, while the US regional branch is the centre of costs. In terms of the price system, the power is the “reverse price system” and the beauty is the “consistency price system” and the distributor’s flexibility is relatively strong.
On the one hand, reducing the sales hierarchy and changing the role of sales companies and agents; on the other hand, shifting the distribution of benefits by reducing the profitability of regional agents, reducing the pressure on dealers' cash flow, and activating the subjective dynamics of end-distributors; changes in channel infrastructure; the channel base, which includes both the hardware base and the software base; the hardware base, which is an efficient information system;
The software is based on an organizational structure with a common interest. The two are the two things that are most clear about the direction of change and the changes that must be made.
We believe that, after a large-scale overhaul of the channel carrier (Tung's shop is being used at the dealer level), the reform of the tool layer is nearing completion. Changes in infrastructure, and in the price system, require more change. Infrastructure changes, and price systems, require more detail.
Changes in basic hardware facilities, such as warehousing logistics systems, warehousing information systems, etc., are located at the distributor’s end-of-service level in order to improve efficiency of the channels. Otherwise, change at the regional sales company level may result in loss of terminal pricing rights. 2) Changes in basic software facilities. Changes in basic software facilities are mainly a change in organizational structure, that is, a change in the role of the sales company.
The details of the policies and processes are on the ground. Reducing the hierarchy of channels, lowering the rate of increase in the channels, and repossessing the right to terminal pricing are the main directions of the change in the power channels. The corresponding demand, specific policies for the withdrawal, and the need for further landings are still needed to ensure the success of the change.
In cases where the final retail volume is consistent with the delivery volume, according to our calculations, the overall profit ratio of the chain is 1.5:6:2.5 for upstream suppliers, air-conditioning manufacturers, and distributors. The air-conditioning backbone, by virtue of its size, has a clear dominant position in the chain. More than the rest of the air-conditioning chain profits are in the pipeline cycle, the retail volume is smaller than the output volume, and the gravity is in the chain.
In our view, the ratio of profits in the industrial chain is different, meaning that the links have a different voice in the industrial chain, with the air-conditioning poles and the entire chain of industry clearly dominated, while the power of gravity has a higher degree of dominance than the other poles. The industry-chain barriers provide sufficient security cushions.
We believe that, without regard to product diversification and the globalization of operations, the logical value of the power should be around $41 billion, corresponding to our sensitivity analysis of the value of the power through the dcf valuation method. We believe that, even in the event of unsuccessful change in the channel, the power of the power, with its high market-occupancy base in the air-conditioning market and its profit base, is about 300 billion at the absolute bottom of the valuation.
According to our calculations, the Māori and operating profitability rates for strong air conditioning have been rising, stabilizing at around 40.18% in recent years. The profit rates for air conditioning operations have been rising, and the share of air conditioning sales in total operating profits has risen to about 80%.
The share of the AC business operating profits in total operating profits has increased to about 85%. On this basis, we conduct a sensitivity analysis of the value of the power as a whole against the share of the internal sales market and the operating margins of the internal sales.
On the basis of this change in market share for sale within the Goli, we have the following assumptions: 3) Air conditioners prices dropped significantly in 2020 due to the effects of the epidemic and are expected to increase further in 2021 as new energy efficiency standards move forward.
Recovering, and maintaining stability in the face of rising online prices for future air-conditioning shipments.5 The sensitivity analysis does not take into account changes in operating cash flows as a result of capital expenditures, depreciation amortization and changes in operating capital. (This part of the change in operating cash flows has a positive impact)
6) The rate of increase in income from appliances and smart equipment for living and air conditioners is largely synchronized with the rate of increase in sales in air conditioners, and the income and profit structure of the power are essentially unchanged. From a sensitivity analysis, the share of the internal sales market has fallen to 25%, the operating profit rate of the internal sales has declined to 15% (which is likely to occur simultaneously), and the reasonable market value of the power has been valued at around 300 billion.
In the context of globalization, the market share of Género has risen back to 40% (upgraded channel efficiency, premium on small brands up, market concentration up), the profitability of air conditioning sales has remained at around 18%, and the Género market value is about 42 billion.
Changes in the channels are still under way. If they do not go as fast as expected, they will result in an increase in their share of the air-conditioning market and a failure to diversify their products.
If competition in the industry increases, price wars will lead to a decline in the profitability of firms. 3. Changes in the external environment affect the industry as a whole.
The main cost of a home power enterprise is the cost of raw materials, which, if the cost of raw materials fluctuates significantly, may affect the profitability of the enterprise.
Core share per share (RMB)