2020 SecondMarketresearch — greenectric applications, inc.ofzhuhaico., Ltd.
The market balance in circulation in 2020 - greenelectricappliances, inc.of zhuhaico., ltd Overview Tag: Price Warfare, New Retail, Supply, Sales Return,
The main author of the report, Peng Qi Goo, is the Peng Qi Uo Institute of the Leopard.
As the first Internet business advisory platform for the B2b model of artificial intelligence technology in mainland China, the Jaguar Institute has developed a one-stop industry service system that combines industrial research, political and business advice, industrial planning, and industrial services at fairs. It integrates multiple resources and is committed to providing the most professional, complete and time-consuming industry and enterprise database services for users, helping users to build knowledge together and share property rights.
Based on the sharing of high-quality business resources, using technology such as big data, block chains and artificial intelligence, and focusing on industrial focus, hotspot issues, based on rich case and big data, through open collaborative research platforms that bring together the wisdom and promote healthy, orderly and sustainable development of the industry, four core services:
(b) Campus planning, industrial planning, customized reporting services, management of enterprises
Industry Summit Planning, Awards Selection, Industry Local Industrial Planning, Campus Business Incubation Services Advisory, Strategic Adjustment Services, etc.
Technical support services provided by the reporting bank and the internal research team The Leopard Applet - a micro-tweeper search, a two-dimensional reading paper above the cell phone (hereinafter referred to as “Greaths”) was established in 1991 to focus on the development, production, sale and servicing of domestic appliances, and to cover air conditioners, household appliances, high-quality appliances.
In the first three-channel changes, the electric appliances were tied to the distributors through return, equity, and other modes, and significantly increased the competitive edge of the offline channels. By the end of 2019, the electric appliances had been ranked first in the market share of the middle-country air-conditioning line, accounting for about 36.8% of retail sales. In addition, the Chinese market was ranked first in the 20th class of retail sales below the air-conditioning line.
With the impact of the new crown epidemic, in the first quarter of 2020, the air-conditioning industry closed down and gradually moved to online channels. In addition, the closure of real-economies facilitated the rapid development of power carriers, which became one of the major outlets for the sale of air-conditioning companies. From April to June 2020, the director of the Goli Electric Board, Dong Ming Ju, was broadcast live on platforms such as Vibration, Fast Hand, and King-dong, with five cumulative sales amounting to $17.8 billion.
Since the fourth live broadcast, on 1 June 2020, it has been channeled from the under-line distributors to bring about a uniform online transformation. Under-line distributors centralize the flow in a “twice-like” way, with consumers entering the live room via the distributor's exclusive two-dimensional code.
When the bill goes up and down the line, the sales are distributed to the underline distributors by the power appliance, instead of the flow to the under-line distributors. The power appliance will lead to a radical transformation of the distributors, facilitate the integration of the off-line channels, and push the distributors to share the dividends of the new retail channels.
On 1 July 2020, the new energy efficiency standards for China ' s air conditioners were officially implemented, with the phasing out of energy-efficient, power-intensive fixed-frequency and tertiary energy-efficient change-frequency products, and changes in the structure of the products in the air-conditioning sector. It is expected that new level I and III energy-efficient products will become the largest demand of the industry in the future. With new energy efficiency policies, the market share of variable-frequency products has increased significantly. As of the end of August 2020, the sales of transformer units had exceeded 57 per cent of the air-conditioning market, and the market for power-powered electrical transformer systems had exceeded 30 per cent.
15.2%, as the air conditioning industry evolves towards full-frequency products, there is great potential for the future development of a power electrical frequency product, which is the first-ever “no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no” model that significantly reduces the cost of air conditioning.
Management systems, i.e., the `nominal collar and ground-fall-off' model, achieve control over the cost of air conditioning production.
Analysis of the competitive patterns of the air-conditioning industry in China
Transfusion hangers, transfusion counters, air conditioning sales.
Comparison of AC sales, channels and logistics systems