China Longyuan (001289 CH)
Oct operating data recap
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB23.98
China Longyuan (CLY)'s operating data in Oct 2023 was lower than our
(Previous TP
RMB23.28)
expectation, with a YoY decline of 10.99% in total power generation due to
Up/Downside
24%
lower wind power generation. However, thermal power and other renewable
Current Price
RMB19.39
power showed solid growth. CLY has implemented share repurchases to
China Energy
demonstrate confidence in its operations. Additionally, as a pioneer of
renewable power operator in China, CLY is expected to benefit from the
collaborative efforts of China and the US to triple global renewable energy
Megan Xia, CESGA
and maintain BUY.
Oct operating data slightly missed our estimates. In Jan-Oct 2023, CLY
Stock Data
recorded accumulated power generation of 60,953,811 MWh, up by 5.87%
YoY. In particular, wind power generation rose by 3.31% YoY, while its
thermal power generation dropped by 3.07% YoY. During the same period,
other solar and renewable power maintained rapid growth of 139.05% YoY.
In Oct 2023, CLY's power generation declined by 10.99% YoY to
Source: FactSet
5,449,262MWh, dragged by lower wind power generation which declined by
Shareholding Structure
19.59% YoY. However, thermal power and other renewable power remained
China Energy Corporation Limi
54.91%
solid growth, up by 15.57%YoY and 162.92% YoY.
Source: HKEx
Share Performance
CLY previously approved and implemented a resolution to repurchase
H shares. The share repurchase will be carried out in multiple stages, with
the price not exceeding 5% of the average closing price of the company's H
shares in five trading days prior to the repurchase. The repurchase quantity
Source: FactSet
will not exceed 10% of the total H shares issued. In Nov 2023, CLY
repurchased 3.58mn H shares (accounted for 0.0427% of existed issued)
12-mth Price Performance
shares) at a price range of HK$ 6.07-6.43/share, totalling HK$ 22.5mn. CLY
plans to continue the share buyback to demonstrate confidence in its
operations and regard the current share price as attractive.
CLY as the pioneer of renewable power operator in China will benefit
from China-US collaboration in tripling renewable energy capacity by
2030 under the Sunnylands Statement. China and the US worked jointly
in The Sunnylands Statement to address the climatic crisis and strive to triple
global renewable energy capacity by 2030. CLY is the pioneer of renewable
power operators in China, its new energy installation process and
development will be further speed up. For 2023E, we believe CLY may
achieve its previous newly-added installed capacity target of 5500MW.
Source: FactSet
TP was adjusted to RMB23.98, maintain BUY. Thanks to the strong
operating data of Jan-Oct 2023, we lowered our estimated wind power
utilization hour and solar power utilization hours, and updated our predicted
78,575GWh/92,919GWh/109,795GWh
generation
power
for
23E/24E/25E. Therefore, we slightly adjusted our TP to RMB23.98 for CLY-
A, based on 22x FY24E PE and FY24E rolling EPS of RMB1.09. Maintain
BUY.
Earnings Summary
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIGM does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which
is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their
dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate
particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment
decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and
reliable. CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM
provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue
other publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships
with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this
report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or
qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA
Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report
is intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing
to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.