Center for Resource and Environmental Research (CREDES) Flows are slowing down, entering the phase of growth in business contribution performance Rates are slowing down in the season and the total volume of civil aviation controls is working well: Shanghai Airport aircraft, July 2018
A total of 43,000 sorties (0.4 per cent) were flown, while 27,000 (-0.9 per cent) and 17,000 (1.9 per cent) sorties were flown at the national and international levels; 6,526,000 (4.1 per cent) were flown by passengers and 3,66,000 (3.0 per cent) and 2,782,000 (5.7 per cent) at the national and international levels.
In the summer season of July, Shanghai airport traffic continued to slow down at a low rate. Although penalties were lifted, civil air traffic control policies continued, air space and air traffic security resources were limited, passenger overtime, air charter controls were tight, and the summer trip was launched in mid-July due to late spring breakes and World Cup effects.
Motions, later in the past year. For these reasons, Shanghai airport traffic has declined significantly in July. Since July, we have seen a similar significant slowdown in the supply of the Base Air Division downstream, with the same increases of 5.4%, 9.0%, and 6.5% for the same month as for the ask of July.
2. " Increased profitability, long-term configuration of the hub airport " , is stringent, driving the normal release rate to more than 80% for nine months. Shanghai airport is expected to be in a difficult situation in the short term, awaiting the launch of the satellite hall in 2019, with an increase in traffic or an increase in traffic.
3. " Flow warming waits, business is the main point - business contribution performance increases, business liquidity increases: the new tax-exempt agreement we measure a performance gain of $1.7 billion in 2019, and the new agreement will provide a net profit increase of $19.25 billion.
The new tax-exempt agreement in Shanghai, Shanghai, was expected to bring the total of the new tax-exempt agreement to $41 billion, raising the rate to 42.5 per cent, and during the new contract period Shanghai 4.
The airport is expected to generate an actual revenue of $52.62 billion, and the Shanghai airport’s commercial liquidity is expected to rise even further. This expansion will gradually open up the scope for performance growth.
Shanghai airport has performed well since 2017, with a rising valuation level. We believe that Shanghai airport will still have room for growth in the medium term, with a significant investment value. Over the medium term, passengers will swallow 100 million.
Su Po-hung, while tax-free operations continue to grow at a high rate, performance gains are largely business contributions, and net profits are expected to reach the Yellow Sea.
Cost increases for the new satellite office were higher than anticipated, tax-free new agreements were lower than expected, with the impact of sudden events.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment