The Center for Resources and Environmental Research, a tax-free contract to disclose details of business values, issued a public announcement and formally signed with Japan Tax-Free Company (Shanghai) Ltd., Shanghai International Airport.
As early as July 21, the company announced that it had selected the Pudong Airport Free Shop Project in Shanghai.
In the next seven years, the total level of security will be as high as $41 billion, and the certainty will be further enhanced. The bulletin will disclose more details, combined with monthly settlement payments, and monthly collections will be based on actual monthly sales and monthly base sales, both of which will be higher. In addition, after delivery, the tax-free space will be increased to 16.9 million square metres.
The value of future tax-exempt payments is further illustrated by the fact that:
Only t2 and Satellite Office duty-free operations, with higher sales on the floor, are expected to result in higher performance in the first three years of the contract period. In 2022, t1 duty-free operations will be incorporated into the contract framework, although the announcement foresees an increase of 38 per cent in sales on the floor, we estimate that actual duty-free sales will exceed sales on the floor.
The high value of international passengers is reflected in the high productivity of the high-value international passenger base: we believe that the higher the international passenger ratio at the airport, the more duty-free operators, the higher the ratio of international passengers, the higher the ratio of international passengers, the higher the rate of tax-free operators, the higher the cost-free elasticity of duty-free operations over the contract period.
The main point of view is that the airport will be given a higher tax-free commercial value. We've measured the effect of the floor equivalencies of the recent first-line airport tax-exempt contract, and we've found that the Shanghai airport has 1,815,000 per square metre/year, far ahead of the rest of the country.
Even after the satellite hall became operational, t1 was incorporated into the contractual framework, and the tax-free commercial space jumped, the effectiveness was second only to the tax-exempt shop at Baiyun Airport in Guangzhou. This shows the potential value of Shanghai airport non-flight, and the ability to convert nuclear resources is gradually being recognized and will drive performance growth.
We believe that Shanghai airport has a significant investment in the medium term, and that there is still room for growth, and that passengers will swallow up to 100 million times. At the same time, the value of duty-free operations continues to be demonstrated, with the satellite hall dropping after delivery, and the mode of operation going to air.
(8610) 66216815 The additional cost of the new satellite hall in the Yellow Sea is higher than anticipated, the new tax-exempt agreement is lower than expected and the impact of the event is sudden.
Figure 1: Income from tax-exempt contracts over the next seven years
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment