On March 17, the China-China-China-led annual report for 2016 was published, and the company received revenue during the reporting period.
Millions of yuan, down 13.80% from the same period last year; performance fell slightly from the same period last year. At the same time, the company’s company, the China Shipping Group’s core, had an impact on new and old products.
The group was formally formed on July 13, 2016, and officially boarded on August 28, 2016, the twelfth largest military industrial company in the country, the eleventh vice-ministerial company, with a registered capital of 50 billion yuan. As the core business of the China Shipping Group, the company has an absolute advantage in the domestic aviation engine-building industry.
The main reason for the slight decline in corporate performance in the year was that the company was in a period of product replacement, with a marked decline in past-generation product orders, while a new generation of products had not yet reached full-time production, affecting corporate revenue collection.
On November 8, 2016, the company announced a stock plan for a non-publicly released stock, the amount of funds to be raised is not accepted by the CVM and is in the process of being approved.
A new project is expected to boost the company’s long-term profitability. In addition, a major launch of the national flight s079051203001 for empty engines and gas turbines has been launched, with earmarked funds being allocated in the form of project contracts.
In 2016, part of the pre-paid funds have been made available, and in 2017 the earmarked funds will accelerate the development of the company, supported by a national policy that is fully committed to promoting breakthroughs in the field of aviation engines and gas turbines.
This report is presented independently and objectively, in a professional and diligent manner, on the 5th floor of Urban Gate B. I have not received, either directly or indirectly, any of the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Disclosures of company-related information The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, as defined by the increase or decline in securities relative to the market benchmark index in the six months following the reporting date, as follows:
In the six-month period following the reporting date, industry was defined as follows: (overweight): industry outperformed overall market performance; (underweight): industry was weaker than overall market performance.