In recent days, the company announced the acquisition of a portion of the shares in 14 hospitals, such as Shao Khing-El and Choshan-El, to El ophthalmology (300015).
A total of 471 million yuan in relativity and an overall valuation of 721 million yuan in 14 hospitals. The purchase was reasonable. 14 hospitals achieved a total of 321 million yuan in 2021, a net profit - a net profit of 17 million yuan, a significant profit, a net asset of 91 million yuan, in proportion to the quarterly rate.
Practice No.: s15052104001. The research assistant for the medical industry of Nguyen was awarded a price loss in 2022.
The net interest rate is at a fast-growing stage, with the profit/loss balance or has just crossed the profit/loss balance point. In the first three quarters of 2020, the net interest rate was over 10% for Choshan, Tianmen-El, Inde-El, and Eun-Ping-Eil, while the net interest rate for other hospitals purchased by M&A rose rapidly. Of the 14 hospitals that were acquired, it was achieved in 2021.
In the first three quarters, the number of profitable hospitals reached 12, with only Crayon El, with the State of El, losing a small amount. The M&A hospital grew up better and is expected to increase the company's operations in 2023 \triangleright \triangleright \
• Risk factors: medical risk, human resource risk, goodwill risk of impairment, new coronary pneumonia epidemic
I'm a member of the team, Master of Pharmacy, University of Shanghai Traffic University, who worked in the clinical co-cro at ppccasen and Parexel, 2021.
Joining the Sinda Securities, in charge of research in the cxo industry, vouchers, in charge of research services and small molecular innovation medicine.
In April, he became a member of the business of medical devices and medium-sized tablets. Zhao Chang-Sung, member of the team, Bachelor of Arts in Biotechnology, Shanghai Transport University, Master of Information Management, Carnegie Mellon University, 2 years old.
The component is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment consulting business that the CSRC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.