El ophthalmology (300015.sz) acquired some of the shares in 14 hospitals and further deepened the chain system.
On the evening of 3 January, the company announced that it was going to spend $470 million to acquire a share in 14 hospitals, including Shao Heng Yill, Choo Shan and others.
Fourteen hospitals achieved income of 287 million yuan in the first three quarters, with a net profit of about 17,333 million yuan, with an overall valuation of about 720 million yuan. The 14 hospitals, mainly at the grass-roots level, are located in eight provinces and sub-districts, and this merger will improve the regional market layout, deepen the country ' s chaining system and increase the impact of scale; 2) a strategic cooperation agreement with the University of South and Central China has recently been signed to launch a new 10-year contract to further strengthen talent development,
Cooperation in scientific research, platform co-construction, etc., to make full use of the scientific and technological advantages of the University of China and South China and the advantages of the El ophthalmology industry and globalization.
The company announced that it would buy a share of 14 hospitals, upgrade the capacity of basic ophthalmology services, and buy out hospitals with good basic conditions and trends. The 14 hospitals that it acquired received $320 million in 2021, compared to a total of $320 million in 2021.
In the first three quarters of 2022, 14 hospitals achieved an income of 287 million yuan, with a net profit of about 17,333,000. The total value of the hospital was estimated to be about 17,333,000.
On 29 November 2022, the company proposed to acquire some of the shares of 26 hospitals, including Xian El and Quanzhou, with the exception of Xian El and Chengzhou, where the rest are primary health-care institutions located in the country’s 18 provinces.
On 6 January, El-Eyeko signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the University of Central and South China to launch a new 10-year pact to further strengthen the development of human capacities and the development of new skills.
As far back as 2013, the University of China and the University of the South and the University of the South have jointly set up the University of the South and the University of the South of the South. After 10 years of development, they have joined forces to train more than 300 people in high-quality ophthalmology and to undertake more than 10 research projects at the national level.
More than 200 articles of the sci journal, exchanges of views at renowned academic platforms at home and abroad, and more than 10 international academic conferences were held, while the 19th World Vision Congress was held under the auspices of the World Vision Congress. New products are being introduced, more advanced than shoulder-to- shoulder internationals, sharing global wisdom.
In recent days, a 12-year-old girl in Hainan has been wearing the first silicon gel in China and China at the El ophthalmology hospital in Bojle. The project’s efficient advancement will accelerate the use of real world evidence for international innovative ophthalmological products to support domestic import registration, synchronizing and sharing of ophthalmological wisdom around the world.
Acuvuabiliti1-day near-vision software mirror, launched by Johnson and Johnson-Handy in the United States and certified by the United States ' fda innovation product in June 2019, is now on the market in Canada, Singapore, and Hong Kong, China. It has three innovative features: near-sighted control and visual correction, especially designed for children, and more secure comfort.
The optic design of the non-axis coaxed cokering enhancement technique. "Non-axis cokering" means that it does not affect normal central vision due to occultation, retinal vision, which has a better visual effect than the coaxe coil. A functional lens produced for near-sighted prevention, with a "practical new patent certificate." The near-sighted prophylactic lens is a "multi-area" approach.
The multi-area lens, which is being designed for optical off-focal technology, contains a light off-focal lens with a central diameter of about 11 mm, as well as an active off-focal area formed by 516 independent island microscopes of 350 degrees (extensive view). The new generation of cloud clips combines the external equipment with the frame of the mirror, and combines the close-view integrated management device with the close-view preventive lens, which can both act through the cloud patch data.
Figure 2: Recruitment of candidates for the Near-Vision Mirror Project at the Hunan Eye Engineering Centre
The 14 hospitals acquired, all of which are based on basic hospitals and are located in eight provinces and sub-districts, will further improve the regional market, deepen the country’s hierarchical chaining system, and increase the scale effect. El ophthalmology has signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the University of South and Central China, opening a new 10-year contract, and further strengthening cooperation in the areas of talent development, scientific research, and co-construction of platforms.
For the first time in the country, silicon water gel gels were dropped near-vision control mirrors, and in 2022, an auditioning ceremony for the near-sighted prevention lens was launched. Taking into account the impact of the 2022 epidemic and the recent build-up of extra-promotion and acquisitions, the 2022 profit forecast was revised downward, the 2023-24 profit forecast was revised upwards, and the chain model was expected to expand rapidly, with the “intra-life + outlier” supporting performance growth.
The impact of the new crown epidemic, the slow pace of merger and acquisition integration, the risk of medical accidents, etc. Elmephthalco (300015.sz) – a tri-quarter evaluation in 2022: net profit returns for the third quarter of the single increased by 20% on a year-on-year basis, and the epidemic stabilized.
El ophthalmology (300015.sz) — mid-2022: net profit from motherhood increased by almost 16 per cent in the first half of the year, and the epidemic is not changing growth prospects — El ophthalmology — three-quarterly report — 300015-2021: performance against expectations, acquisition of multiple hospitals to improve chain chains — El ophthalmology -300015-2020 — first quarter of 2021: taking off non-performance expectations, “second entrepreneurship” steadily moving forward —
Medical Big Data Inventory Series (3) - Eye Industry Chains: Services at the forefront, Devices at the beginning, Drugs at the Base - 2020-11-23, Innovative Device Inventory Series (1) - Eye Industry Chains: Innovation Drivers, Services to the King - 2020-05-30 Author ensures that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author