Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) On 3 January 2023, the company announced that it intended to acquire a portion of the shares of 14 hospitals, including Shao Khing-El, Cho-san-El, Bao-Yu-Yu-El, and Xuyang-El, for a total transaction value of $471 million.
The company's target for this acquisition is 70% equity, 70% equity, 51% equity, 75% equity, 75% equity, 70% equity, new love.
55 per cent equity, 70 per cent equity in Zhenyang Yiel, 60 per cent equity in Qing Yiel, 65 per cent equity in Tianmen El, 51 per cent equity in Qing Yill, 72.72 per cent equity in Inde El, Eunheill's prices compared to 300 per cent in depth.
65.10% of equity, 70% of Siaoyang Yiel, and 80% of the state El. This transaction does not constitute a related transaction and does not constitute a major asset reorganization. According to the information disclosed in the bulletin, in 2021 14 hospitals received $321 million in net profit.
The purchase of the hospital base has entered a fast-growing phase, and it is expected to continue to contribute to the company’s earnings. The market for eye care remains in demand, with a structured business chain strategy for the company’s long-term development.
The ophthalmology sector continues to expand in size, the number of patients with ophthalmological diseases in the country continues to grow due to the irreversible trend of ageing, unhealthy modern life habits, increased disposable income, growing awareness of the population about eye care, and demand for ophthalmological care services
The company, as a chain of private ophthalmological institutions, continues to occupy the market for ophthalmological services by providing differentiated and high-quality clinical services. From the company's business map, there is currently more than 90% coverage in hospitals in the capital city of Elle, 80% coverage in the local city, and more than 80% coverage in the public sector.
The new ten-year strategy of the Division, which will help companies to further consolidate their existing market shares, mentions that the company is the largest professional ophthalmological chain of medical groups in the world, and that the network of medical services has now spread across mainland China, Hong Kong, China, Europe, the United States, South-East Asia, etc., and has laid the foundations for global development.
The strategic landscape; the original hierarchical chain model and the accompanying business management system continue to run within the industry. We value the company’s pre-emptive advantage, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
1. El ophthalmology (300015.sh) [Waan’s Medicines] First Cover Report: Ahead, Private Eye Colom Market Investment and Secondary Market Research Experience.
Contact person: Chen Jiuji, Research Assistant, mainly responsible for research in the health-care sector. Master of Finance, University of Nankai, Boston College. Using information on legal compliance, the data and information used in this report are produced independently and objectively from the market, without any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of the information or of any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.