Operation structure optimized, profitability enhanced, research assistant Yao Jiuhua incident: 23 March China Union released its annual report for 2019: full year of operations in 2019
Total income of $29,515 million, or 0.12 per cent less than last year; net return profit of $4,982 million, income structure continued to optimize, quality of development and profitability steadily improved: revenue structure of major business continued to optimize over the last three years, growth in innovative business was strong, with revenue rising in 19 years compared to 17 years
6 pp., a breakthrough in the size of government and business to integrate business models with cloud-plus smart networks and smart applications, to drive innovation and basic business together for development. Arpu values rise steadily and lead to steady performance, while benefiting from good cost management and a rapid increase in profitability.
Ebitda reached 94.7 billion yuan, an increase of 11.1 per cent over the same period; China ' s free cash flow, which has accumulated over 100 billion yuan over the last three years, and the asset-liability ratio, which has gradually declined, has significantly increased its financial strength.
Thirty-five billion yuan, an increase of about 343 per cent over last year’s year’s, aims to complete the construction of a new shared base station of 250,000 stations in the third quarter of this year, covering all cities throughout the country. Overall capital spending in 2020 was about $70 billion, an increase of about 24 per cent over last year’s, with mobile network spending rising by 4 pp.
With the acceleration of the 5g network, combined with the continuous decline in the price of the 5g terminal and the need for innovation, it is expected that the 5g portal users will grow rapidly in the second half of the year and that by the end of 2020, the 5g users are expected to reach 50 million.
The military, with the gradual improvement in operating conditions, is expected to build up a 5-g build-up on a continuous basis, promoting co-sharing within the country ' s 5g  5g, and increasing competitive advantages efficiently: China ' s connectivity and telecommunications are now nationwide1 and China ' s connectivity (600050) is expected to continue throughout the year.
In addition to the 5g network, China plans to connect with China Telecom in Room 4g in the future.
So, “Traditional+Innovation” benefits simultaneously from 5g centimetres, fibre optics, machine rooms, and pipes. 5g operations show a “first dividend” 2020-01-24.
Fostering, post-scaleing, i.e. the trend towards lower and higher income contributions, requires attention to the different focus of short-term and long-term markets, while integrating 5g+abc elements into 5g sector solutions, rapid business breakthroughs and accelerated overall income movement
It's the key to building core competitiveness. Up. Shared 5-g competitiveness.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we continue to look forward to China's future strong growth in connectivity.
With strong business momentum, H1 revenues optimized, shared co-building will accelerate 5g production, and the quality of development and profitability will increase significantly.
Gross operating income for the whole year 2019 was $29,515 million, a decline of 0.12 per cent from the previous year, with the main business generating $26,4.4 billion, an increase of 0.3 per cent from the previous year. Thanks to good cost control, profitability continued to increase rapidly, with ebitda reaching $94.7 billion, an increase of 11.1 per cent compared to the previous year.
The net profit of the parent company amounted to $4,982 million, an increase of 22.09 per cent over the same period. Arpu’s steady recovery led to a steady increase in performance: in 19 q4 mobile user aprú was stable, and with the acceleration of the 5g network, combined with the continuous decline in the price of the 5g terminal and the spread of innovation applications, it is expected that it will continue to grow.
Broadband operations are returning steadily on a seasonal basis: highlighting the advantages of high-speed bandwidth and intelligent household products, building new models of bandwidth 2i2h, 2b2h marketing, increasing the spread of intelligent family product lines, and rapidly expanding the range of voodoo, voodoo myths, voodoo televisions to reach 50 million users by the end of 2020.
Over the last three years, the revenue structure of the main business has been optimized, the growth of innovative business has been strong, accelerating the push for “Cunt+Sense+Sense Applications” and the new integrated marketing model, while strengthening the innovative workforce, which will actively nurture 5g+ in the future.
In the last three years, the share of Internet revenues in industry has been rising, and in 2019, the size of government and business has been breaking: 92 billion yuan in 2019, an increase of 14 per cent over the previous year, and 13.5 billion yuan in circuit rental, an increase of 11 per cent over the previous year.
Over the last three years, China's free cash flow has accumulated over hundreds of billions of yuan; asset and liability ratios have been declining; and fiscal figure 9: China's assets and liabilities
According to China Connect ' s 2019 performance report, capital expenditure for 5g is expected to be about 35 billion yuan in 2020, an increase of about 343 per cent over the previous year ' s year, and aims to complete the construction of an additional 250,000 shared base stations in the third quarter of this year, covering the entire country.
Figure 10: China’s Connected Capital Expenditure in 2020 was about 35 billion yuan to achieve 5g network quality and maintain a focus and focus.
Dynamic inputs based on technological advances, industry chain maturity, active co-building, shared advantages, market and business needs, etc.
5g capital expenditure 5g capital expenditure 5g base station > 60,000 stations covering 50 cities
• Construction of a total of 250,000 additional 5g base stations covering all local cities throughout the country since the end of November 2019 and the construction of new companies and Chinese telecommunications since the end of November 2019
Start 5g network upgrades to sa and share all 5g base stations in mid-year
Projected r16 Basic standard-setting Projected r17 Basic standard-setting r15 Basic standard-setting
(5g technology phase II) (5g technology phase III) (5g technology phase I)
In 2020, capital spending was about 70 billion yuan, an increase of about 24% from last year’s, with mobile network spending rising by 4 pp. In the future, China’s connectivity will accelerate the intensification of network synergies and continuously improve its network competitiveness.
We believe that, on the policy front, domestic policy dividends are high and industrial catalysts are being released; that its sub-contributors are leading the world in the deployment of 5g, and that the three major operators, as the backbone of the 5g build-up, are expected to build up a 5g build-up on a continuous basis as business progresses.
At this critical stage in the construction of 5g, the country is now connected to a unique competitive advantage that will effectively facilitate the future of China's connectivity and telecommunications to build a 5g network nationwide and has now opened a 5g base station at 50,000.
In addition to the 5g network, China’s connection plans to strengthen co-location with China’s telecommunications in room 4g, fibre optics, machine rooms, and pipelines.
Figure 13: 5g co-construction, efficient enhancement of competitive advantages Construction pace, coverage, speed, bandwidth, doubling capacity
*5g Users’ perception that the future 5g business of China’s connection shows a “breeding first, but later scale,” in which income contributions are lower and higher. Because attention needs to be focused on short- and long-term markets.
Embb and the public market will be short-term revenue priorities: building 5g capacity convergence and open platforms, innovative collaborative models, and introducing high-resolution videos such as 4k/8k, ar/vr, and cloud games. Embb, mmtc, urllc, and consumption applications will be long-term revenue priorities: focus on new media, workers, etc.
The integration of the 5g+abc element into the 5g sector solution is the key to building core competitiveness. The 5g industry is not as fast as expected in the quarter; the business is under pressure; and the 5g network is not as fast as expected.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board