Accelerating the deployment of the whole industry chain, building the country's leaders in the lithium industry, synergizing it up and down, building the country's leaders in the lithium industry, starting with the manufacture of middle- and upper-stream lithium resources and accelerating the expansion of downstream lithium power.
Pool production, which now forms a vertically integrated business model: coverage of upstream lithium resource development, midstream lithium salt deep processing and metal smelting, downstream lithium battery manufacturing and integrated recycling of retired lithium batteries for nearly 12 months
The company has nine major production bases, two major research and development bases, and eight high-quality lithium resources to build a unique “deep ecosystem” at the global level.
The core competitiveness of the Division, through the deployment of high-quality overseas lithium resources and the consolidation of domestic R & D advantages, highlighted the fact that companies acquired 9.9 per cent of the international lithium industry ' s benefits in 2011, thus opening up the upward value chain to the lithium industry.
The company then made successive purchases of the avalonia project, the Mountmarion Lithium Project, the cauchari-olaroz project, etc., and engaged in lithium resource projects in several countries, including Australia, Ireland, Argentina, Canada, to provide stable raw materials for the production of the company's lithium products.
Source. By the end of 2019, the company ' s resource type covered traditional lithium quartz, salt lake halogen and lithium clay, with a combined lithium resource of 48.18 million tonnes (reduced lce) equity of 2,084 million tonnes (reduced battery-grade lithium hydroxide lead producer)
The company is the largest producer of lithium compounds and the largest global producer of lithium metal. It is the only company in the global lithium industry that has the same industrial techniques as “halogen water lithium”, “ore lithium lithium” and “reclamation lithium” and is one of the best suppliers of lithium-series products.
Research assistant: Ongamin, designed to produce 310,000 tons of lithium hydroxide in the recent market demand for battery-grade lithium hydroxide, the company continues to release capacity by using its own flexible production line advantage, 2019 lithium hydroxide production capacity.
The U.S. and U.S. terminals, such as Tesla, BMW, and the general public, will be sold in the future for lithium hydroxide. Solid-state and waste battery recovery operations will take advantage of major strategic opportunities.
New-energy vehicle replacement conventional fuel vehicles will become an irreversible global trend, with power-cell demand, in terms of scale, having a high degree of certainty and a long-term climate. A subsidiary, Zhejiang, will target the solid-cell industry, deploy a billion-watt-old first-generation lithium battery development project, and rob it.
High point in lithium electric technology; tws blue-tooth headphone wave-driven demand for tws batteries, the company is currently selling about 100,000 tws button batteries per day, supplying multiple hands like oppo, vivo, the risk of lithium price fluctuations; the company's underdevelopment of construction projects; and the spread of overseas epidemics.
1 Integrated titanium industry up and down, the 1.1 lithium electricity chain is developing in synergy up and down, building domestic lithium industry leaders, starting with the manufacture of middle and middle lithium compounds, constantly expanding its operations up and down the lithium industry value chain, and now
There are several aspects of vertically integrated business models, upstream lithium resource development, middle- and middle-stream lithium salt deep processing, metal smelting, downstream lithium battery manufacturing, and the integrated recycling of retired lithium batteries. There are synergies between multiple business plates, increasing resource utilization, operating efficiency, and profitability.
9 major production bases, 2 major research and development bases, and 8 high-quality lithium resources to build a unique “dry ecosystem.” Started with lithium compounds and lithium metal manufacturers, then moved upstream lithium resources and accelerated the expansion of lower lithium batteries
Production. The company was founded in the city of Shinyo, Jiangxi Province, in 2000, and is mainly engaged in the processing of lithium metal and lithium chloride. In 2007, the production line for the extraction of lithium chloride from halogic water in salt lakes was introduced. In 2010, it became the first listed company in the Chinese lithium industry.
Blackstairslithium, acquired the Avalonia Project for the Lithium Foil Mine in Ireland. Then involved Australia, 2017, participated in the cauchari-lararoz project in the department of Jujuy, Argentina, and the Lithiumnevada project in the northwest department of Nevada, Western Australia, the Pilgangoora tantalum project, and mining in eastern Canada.
At the same time, the Department began to expand to lower-stream lithium battery production in 2015 and to set up a solid-state lithium battery research and development centre in 2016, which will be the main solution for electric cars. The company expanded to downstream waste battery recycling in 2017.
The installation of the tws wireless bluetooth headphone batteries began in 2018, was officially commissioned in the first quarter of 2019, and the construction of the experimental production line for the first generation of solid lithium cell development centres for adults of 100 million watt-hours has accelerated the development of solid lithium battery technology.
1.2 The company’s management structure, Mr. Li Liangbin, is the real owner of the company and, as of the first quarter of 2020, held 270 million shares in the company, or 20.87% of the total.
(b) Jiang Xinjiang Battery, Shinjia Electric, Shenzhen Mibiao Electric, East Chinese Electric and Zhejiang Lithium are mainly in the public sector ' s lithium battery business; the company should build up international international market resources, mainly through its wholly-owned subsidiaries.
Add its core competitiveness: Blackstairs in Ireland, Mariana in Hong Kong and Herro Mines, Litio in Argentina and Gaffeng in the Netherlands; and the Mandamus cycle, which provides companies with recycling of used non-ferrous metals and battery scraps.
1.3 Lithium compounds are the ecological core of the company, radioactive solid-state batteries and recovery operations Lithium compounds operating plates are the core of the ecosystem and are actively configured for solid-state lithium batteries and recovery operations.
At a later stage, as companies actively promote the development, production and commercialization of solid lithium batteries and explore lithium battery recovery technologies, we expect lithium batteries and recovery operations to be the revenue and the equivalent of the company's performance in chart 6, lithium processing products (billions, %)
Figure 7 Lithium Battery product revenues and the same ratio (Billions, %) 2 resource endowments: deployment of high-quality lithium resources overseas.
The company subsequently acquired the avalonia project, the Mountmarion Lithium Project, the cauchari-olaroz project, etc., and engaged in the R & D resource advantages of several countries, including Australia, Ireland, Argentina, Canada, and significantly enhanced its core competitiveness. According to the 2019 financial statements, the type of resources of the company covers transmission.
Lithium lithium quarries, salt lake halogenes and lithium clay, with a combined lithium resource of 4.81 million tonnes (reduced from lce) of equity resources of 2,084 million tonnes (reduced from lce).
The Mountmarion project, located 40 km south-west of Kalgoorlie, Western Australia, has the world’s second-largest high-quality lithium quartz resource. The project began construction in 2015 and was officially invested in lithium tons in February 2017, including 1.37% lithium oxide and 1.09% iron oxide, producing about 400,000 tons a year.
Mtmarion is operated jointly by mrl (50%) and the lithium industry (50%). According to the report released by mtmarion for the second quarter of 2020: q2mtmarion produces 146,000 wet tons of lithium concentrate, an increase of 62% over the same period; the sales volume of 114,000 wet tonnes, an increase of 41% over the same period, represents a significant increase.
From 2017 to 2019, the company could charter all lithium concentrates produced by Mountmarion, and each year after 2020, sell not less than 192,570 tons of lithium concentrates. 2.2 Pillbara lithium concentrates have huge potential for release.
The pilbarapilgangoora project, located 120 km from the resource-rich porthedland area of Western Australia, is one of the world's largest lithium quartz resources, with a wealth of hard rock lithium resources. The pilgangoora tantalum mining project has a lithium resource of about 7.01 million tons lce, with an average lithium content of 1.27%.
6.86 per cent of the corresponding Lithium equity resources are owned by approximately 480,000 tons (reduced). Under the charter agreement, the project provides companies with up to 160,000 tons of lithium concentrate per year for the first phase; the project is built after the second phase and will have a clear cost advantage of 2.3 cauchari-laroz Salt Lake each year.
The cauchari-olaroz project, located in the Jujuyu area of north-west Argentina, began construction in 2018 and is expected to be completed in 2021. Its production is based on the use of solar evaporation processes to concentrate lithium in salt water and the use of processing equipment to convert concentrated lithium salt water into battery levels.
Tons and lithium carbonate equivalents amount to 19,852,700 tons, one of the largest salt lake lithium projects in the world, supporting an annual production of more than 40,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate for 40 years. The lithium industry was given 75% of the product package, covering about 30,000 tons/year of lithium carbonate supply.
As a result of the overseas epidemic, the coachari-olaroz lithium salt lake project in Argentina is now back in operation, but is expected to be put into production by 2021, and the company specifically affected by the epidemic is making a detailed assessment of the impact of the epidemic.
($/tpalce, 2020estimates)
Tackerpass 60,000 tpadfs 40,000 tpadfs
The cauchari-olaroz project has a strong geographical advantage. In terms of production, unlike the traditional lithium lithite extraction process, the lead-time of lithium salt lakes requires only sunlight as the main source of energy, and hence higher requirements for solar and land-producing climates. It is a matter of concern that the cauchari-olaroz project, due to its unique geographical location, is in the Tai.
The solar power generation and solar evaporation of salt lakes are expected to be exploited to the maximum extent possible.
In the transport of products, the project is close to cross-border roads and can reach transport ports, reduce logistics transport costs and improve transport efficiency.
Diagram 15 has a 76% package of 40,000 tonnes of battery-grade lithium carbonate: 2.4sonora: the clay project has both an efficient and low-cost advantage in production, and the sorona project is currently under construction in the state of Sorona in Mexico.
With a total of about 8.8 million tons of lithium carbonate, it is expected that the annual capacity of lithium carbonate production from the first phase of the project will reach 17,500 tons and that the second phase will reach 35,000 tons. The mining operation planned for the Sonora project is open-air mining.
This project is co-owned by Bacanora and the lithium industry, which owns 22.5% of its shares. 3 battery-grade lithium hydroxide lead producer
The Lithium industry, the largest producer of lithium compounds and the largest global producer of lithium metal, is the only enterprise in the world that has the same industrial technology as “halogen water lithium”, “ore lithium lithium” and “reclamation lithium” with the production capacity of five or more major groups of lithium compounds and lithium metal products, the largest supply of lithium-series products.
One of the full manufacturers. The company controls lithium mineral resources upstream, while at the same time doing the industry-wide layout of the scale of the lithium salt industry, downstream, and the recycling of lithium batteries and lithium batteries. Lithium hydroxide production continues to release.
7.31 million tons, of which 4.05 million tons of lithium carbonate (25,750 tons of effective capacity) and 31,000 tons of lithium hydroxide (it is noted that the company ' s production of lithium carbonate fell significantly in 2018 and its capacity utilization rate fell from the historical basic saturation phase to 70.98 per cent, mainly due to changes in the company ' s demand based on the markets for lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide)
As a result, the product structure has been adjusted to take advantage of its flexible production line: proactive efforts to reduce the production of lithium carbonate and increase the production of lithium hydroxide to meet market demand for lithium hydroxide in battery-grade batteries. Deep binding of Euro-American terminal vehicles, and the sale of lithium hydroxide in the future.
Stable and diversified blue-finding customer resources, product sales to more than 10 countries, and products used mainly in the battery and pharmaceutical industries. For downstream customers, companies have established long-term and stable strategic partnerships with multiple blue-finding customers, including a 10-year agreement with the German public for the supply of lithium chemical products, and later plans for solid-state batteries and batteries.
By 2023, the BMW is planning to expand to 25 electric vehicles, and it is expected that by 2025 the total BMW demand for lithium compounds will be about seven times the current demand. In addition, Tesla is reported to have significantly increased its global delivery this year, possibly over 300,000 vehicles, almost this year.
Tesla states that production will continue to increase in the second half of 2020. By analysing the business needs of diversified clients, companies optimize product performance to the greatest extent possible; and at the same time, to a certain extent, they reduce the business risks hidden by a single customer structure.
4 layout solid-state and scrap battery recovery operations, with significant strategic direction 4.1 power cell demand will grow with a high degree of certainty and a long-term climate.
The future growth of power cell demand is certain, and the climate will be sustained over the long term. Driven by multiple factors, such as energy-saving reductions and the transfer of the automobile industry, several countries and regions have announced a schedule for the withdrawal of traditional fuel trucks, and some leading car enterprises have proposed targeted development strategies, such as a public plan to achieve all by 2030.
Automobile electricization and complete cessation of sales of conventional fuel vehicles; Daimler's plan to shut down all traditional fuel vehicles under the flag in 2022. Countries and leading companies have developed fuel vehicle schedules, policies and guidelines for business production planning, and we believe that the replacement of conventional fuel vehicles with new energy vehicles will be irreversible.
Given the importance of power cells to the new energy automobile industry chain, the future growth of power cell demand will be determined and sustained over the long term in terms of size. With the trend toward new energy cars, companies will benefit significantly, sharing industrial development dividends.
The epidemic has been effectively controlled, and the auto industry has largely resumed full production. In July 2020, the country produced 10.8 million new vehicles, increased 36.70% in the same year, and increased in the same year for the first time since this year.
Lithium manganese acid and lithium cobalt. We believe that the development of new energy vehicles is still on the move, with the consequent demand for lithium batteries, which, as industry leaders, will benefit significantly from the rapid development of the new energy automobile industry, reaping the dividends of the new energy automobile development.
Figure 22 Monthly output of new energy vehicles and the same ratio (millions, %) 4.2 Active deployment of the solid-state battery industry, seizure of lithium power technology heights, market requirements for power cells in terms of energy density and safety as electric vehicles become more widespread
The firm-type battery technology, which also tends to be stringent and is expected to be highly secure and energy-intensive, is an important development in the future for companies and storage. The company has a major strategic direction, focusing on the configuration of solid-state batteries.
4.3 tws Bluetooth Headels wave offers new opportunities for tws batteries to develop, and the company tws battery has demonstrated remarkable performance in performance and stability.
The delivery of tws button batteries is about 100,000 daily, and the main downstream customers include oppo, vivo, jbl, walkers, etc., for bluetooth headphones, smart and wearable devices, etc. Risks of lithium price volatility; failure of companies to deliver their construction projects; and the spread of overseas epidemics.
Use legally compliant information, produce the present report independently and objectively, use the data and information used in this report from the market, do not provide any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of these messages, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report will be used only for information purposes. I have not been, have not been, will not be, and will not be receiving, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.