The company increased the net profit and the ring in the fourth quarter of 2024. The company collected $32.98 billion in 2024.
The cost of basic chemicals and chemical materials is 5.9% for the period, and the price of the ring is lower. The increase in revenue is mainly due to the increase in the release and sale of new energy, while the cost rate is further optimized to boost profit.
In April 2024, the company's main product, polyvinylene, was sold. The ring increased its contribution from the new production of polyolefins.
Quarters, supported by domestic policy gains, have been repaired, with the company polyethylene/polypropylene selling at an average price of $7106/6663 per ton without taxes, increased polyethylene prices for the same ring ratio, and a slight decrease in polypropylene.
ME/t, ring + 5%. At present, 3 million tonnes of bronze are in production on the first and second lines of the Inner Mon Project, and three lines will be in production in the near future: projects such as flatting of the Ningdong 4-Cylin Project site and ground-based prison are completed as planned; the Xinjiang Hydrocarbon Project obtains expert reviews of supporting documentation such as the CEP, QA, etc.
The price of coal has fallen in the cost of the acetylene acetylene, the main raw material of the company, in 2024, with an average unit purchase price of RMB 563/1073/414 per ton, compared with an oral price of RMB 623 per ton (16% in comparison with 16% in ring comparison to 5%), and the price of coal has continued its downward trend in 2024.
The price of oil and coal fell in four quarters, and the cost gap between oil and coal-based hydrocarbons narrowed into 2025 coal.
Treasurehouse Energy (600989.sh) - Three Quarters of Net Return to Mothers, Project Inner Mons, Coal Centrality may still be moving down. Treasure Energy (600989.sh) - Second Quarter Profit and Ring Upgrade, Polyfinite Prices
The demand for coke continues to be stressed. In the fourth quarter of 2024, the company produced or sold 17641.1772.6 million tons of coke, with a flat sales ring ratio; the average non-taxed selling price was $1327 per ton (same as Boone Energy (600989.sh) - the quarterly net profit has increased and production capacity continues to rise.
The price of coke rose slightly compared to -21 per cent, the ring +1 per cent), but the landscape of the real estate industry continued to decline, the energy boom (600,989.sh) - fourth quarter performance increased by the same ring, production capacity continued to be invested in the original coal site at a cost of $1088 per ton, the price of coal fell, and the demand for downstream steel markets remained weak.
Investment proposals: The company ' s main product, polyolefins, contributes to increased profits by expanding its production capacity, while maintaining an increase in sales and sales, while the cost rate further optimizes the increase in profitability.
Figure 2: Single-quarter net profit on boon energy (billion yuan) Figure 3: Quarterly Māori rate, net interest rate on bovine energy Figure 4: Quarterly sale, management, R & D, financial cost rate
Figure 5: Business income from the Bo Fung energy block (millions of dollars) Figure 6: Bo Fung energy block Māori (millions of dollars) Increased sales of the company ' s main product, polyvinylene.
The new production of HCs contributes to the increase. Four quarters of the country has opened up traditional high demand seasons, accompanied by good domestic policy benefits.
Lines two and two have been put into production, with three lines to be put into production in the near future; projects such as the flat-down of the Ningdong tetrachlorocyclohexane project, ground-based prison, etc. have been completed as planned; the Xinjiang hydrocarbon project has received expert review of supporting documents such as the project ep-evaluation, security assessment, etc. Carbon demand continues to be stressed.
The sales ring ratio was equal; the average price of sales without taxes was $1327/t (year-to-21 per cent, ring +1 per cent), the price of coke was 1088/tonne for the coker site in Mongolia in the fourth quarter of the year, the price of coal fell, and the demand for downstream steel markets remained weak, as shown in figure 9: sales of gold from bountiful energy sources (tonnes)
Figure 10: Prices of the main energy source (RM/t) Coal price drops in the cost of the coal-contributioned acrylic acrylic hydrocarbons. In 2024, the company ' s main raw material gasated coal/corrogate coal/coal smelting/initiated coal pits in Mongolia ' s 5,200 karaoke coal pits in the fourth quarter of 2024 were at $623/t (year-by-16 per cent, ring ratio - 5 per cent), coal
Prices have continued to decline. In the fourth quarter of 2024 the price of oil and coal fell, the difference between the cost of oil and coal has narrowed, the cost gap has widened and the company’s comparative advantage has risen as coal prices continued to fall in 2025. According to creative information, as of 10 March 2025, the cost of oil and coal is $8106/6652 per ton per quarter, respectively, and the cost gap is four seasons from quarter to quarter.
It is expected that coal will remain supply-and-demand-free in 2025, that the price of coal abroad will fall or will further increase coal imports, and that the coal price hub will continue to move down. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author