On the night of March 11th, Bo Fung Energy published its 2024th report, which generated $32,983 million a year in revenue, and continued to be vulnerable to the fourth quarter of the coke plate.
Dollars, +3.90% year-on-year, ring +34.79% year-on-quarter income profits have increased significantly in the fourth quarter, mainly due to the elimination of three-quarter overhauls, and the company has increased significantly in the fourth quarter. According to the company ' s business data, the production/distribution of coke is 1.55 +0.19 million tonnes, and the production/production of polyolefins.
+15.18/+14.7 million tonnes for sales, +2.36/+3.12 million tonnes for output/volume sales. The changes in the value of the rest of the product ring are largely equal. The price of coke is +1.39% for product averages, the price of polyethylene is +1.18% for polyvinylene, and the price of polypropylene is ~2.10% for small overall fluctuations.
According to our calculations, the price of coal/power coal/corrosive coal purchased by the company has gone through four quarters of price hikes due to supply contractions and a fall in demand for steel at the end of the year, with average prices stable by the season. Polyfins have performed very poorly, although crude oil prices are low.
But the market is looking forward, and the overall price differentials continue to be weak. Since the beginning of 2025, coal and coke prices have been falling rapidly, coke plate profits have been narrow, ACs have improved significantly, and the continued production of three lines in the interior will provide companies with a greater elasticity in their performance during the quarter.
There are many ways to manage the costs, and the vast energy source is constantly proving itself to have a greater impact. According to the company, the average amount of gasated coal/cine/power coal in 2024 was made available, with integrated coal offloading, storage, distribution, transport operations controlled, offloading capacity and efficiency achieved.
In terms of sources of procurement, the supply of raw materials has been actively expanded, suppliers have been restructured and the cost of introducing coal has been reduced. 9 new coal suppliers and 31 new coal plants have been added during the reporting period; 37.23 per cent of methanol-based coal has been purchased throughout the year, an increase of 3 percentage points over the same period.
Medium-heat coal is on average about $100 lower than the price of intra-Mongolian coal-to-plant. At the same time, companies are active in enhancing the movement of goods, with a 12 per cent reduction in the same time frame for the loading of coke products; increased rail transport costs are negotiated.
Work to actively pursue a policy of preferential freight rates, reasonable regulation of public iron shipments, savings in transport costs of up to two billion dollars, and a further decline in the combined energy consumption of the Xinjiang start-up ring.
3. In the case of the Inner Mon Project, i.e. cost control, the annual sales costs of the company increased year-on-year +0.07 pct, the management costs increased year-on-year + 0.01 pct, the financial costs increased year-on-year + 1.14 pct, and the corporate costs increased slightly overall.
• Continued investment in capital expenditure, new construction projects in Inner Moon, which are on schedule. According to company announcements, 100,000 tonnes/year of ethylene acetate projects were scheduled to be completed during the reporting period to provide stable low-cost raw material security for projects ineva;
The 100,000-ton/year needle-like coke project was completed on schedule, with the company ' s own asphalt being processed into high-end needle-like coke products, extending the kerosene processing industry chain and increasing the value added of the product; the 250,000-ton/yeareva project came into production in February 2024 and successfully produced photovoltaic-gradeeva products, marking the company ' s return to production.
A significant step forward was the high-end approach; the first series of 1 million tonnes/year of HFO production was launched in November 2024, the second series of 1 million tonnes/year of HFO production was launched in January 2025, and the third series of 1 million tonnes/year of HFO production is due to come into production by the end of March 2025.
The project uses a combination of green hydrogen and modern coal-chemicals to produce a total production capacity of 3 million tonnes/year, the largest single plant in the world so far. The new project has significantly lower consumption than the original project. Second, the Inner Mongolia project is close to coal.
Inner Mongolia, rich in carbon raw materials, the transportation costs of raw materials will be significantly reduced. The interior project will further reduce the average cost of the company.
We believe that the company’s size advantages and cost controls are ahead of the industry, while at the same time cutting costs, becoming an industry-wide anchor. The landing of the Inner Mongolia Project will bring about a larger profit margin in 2025, followed by the Ningdong IV and Xinjiang projects, among others, will provide long-term growth space.
(a) Construction of new projects is not proceeding as expected; prices of raw materials and products are highly volatile;
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.