It's obvious that productive energy releases drive performance growth and lower costs are good for profit and repair.
At the same time, the company issues the 2024 Profit Distribution Program Bulletin, which proposes to distribute dollars (including taxes) to small and medium-sized shareholders for each share. The total cash share of the company is 47.44% of the net return profit for the year.
The company expands at the bottom of the cycle, with new installations and greater advantages in size, and plans for a major expansion project in Xinjiang to look forward to long-term growth. The projected lower cost of coal in 2025 will help repair the profits of the coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons.
The continued development of the Xinjiang company, which maintains its “buy-in” rating, released its internal production capacity as planned, followed by the Xinjiang project: the company ' s revenue and profits grew in 2024, mainly as a result of the new production, which contributed to the increase in sales.
Polypropylene sales were 1.65 million tons, yoy+55 per cent, coke sales were 7.0860 million, yoy+1.6 per cent, and corporate q4 performance ratios increased significantly during the seasons alone, mainly from the 1 million tonnes of new production capacity in Inner Mon. The sales volume of maleic hydrocarbons increased significantly, with single-season polyethylene sales of 31 million tons, qoq+24 per cent, clustered.
340,000 tons, qoq + 35%, charcoal 17,730, qoq + 0.1%, Ningdong 250,000 tonnes/yeareva project was launched in February 2024 and successfully produced photovoltaic-eva products; ratio of internal institutional investors to share in circulationa
The construction of Mongolia ' s 3 million tonnes/year-oldene hydrocarbons project is progressing steadily, with 1 million tonnes/year-olden alloys production line in November 2024, 1 million tonnes/year-olden production line in January 2025, and 3 tonnes/year-old alloys production line in March 2025.
In the postnatal period, the company will have 5.2 million tonnes capacity per year, and the production capacity will rise to the top of our coal-based industry. The full release of the company ' s production capacity in 2025 is expected to lead to further growth in the company ' s performance. The company plans to build 11.2 million tonnes of coal methanol and 4 million tonnes of methanol in Xinjiang.
Large-scale coal-chemical projects, such as acetylene, were announced for the first time in July 2024, waiting for the project to be launched. Xinjiang’s abundant low-cost coal resources will further reduce costs and enhance the competitiveness of the company. The price of polyfin hydrocarbons is stable, while the price of raw coal will increase profits: at the end of the price, the company’s main business.
The price of polyolefins has remained largely stable, the price of coke has fallen, and the price of fine chemicals has fallen, but the price of coal at the end of the raw material has fallen on a year-on-year basis, with the company raising the annual rate of Maori by between 2.75 pct and 33.15%. The company achieved a revenue of $8.05 billion in 2024, yoy+36.5% for polyethylene products; and polyethylene.
Youy+53.3%; polypropylene has a yearly average price of 6696.58 yuan per ton, yoy-0.92%.
It's based on oil, where coal/oil prices are lower, and coal-based polyolefins will have a steady rise in profit levels. Lower carbon and property infrastructure are weak, steel pressure is less productive, so coke prices are expected to be weak and plate profitability will decline slightly.
The cost rate is maintained at a reasonable level, with an increase in the share of the bonus: the cost of the company is maintained at a reasonable level, it is invested, interest is capitalized less.
The total cash share of the company was 47.44% of the net profit on the parent for the current year, compared to previous years when the report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. Investments in Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. were not made by individual clients. The report could not be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believed that the information used to prepare the report was reliable, but the information in the report was not independently verified.