The project is progressing well, and the price of raw materials is helping to raise profits: the company published its 2024 report, which generated $32,983 million over the same period, and the project is progressing steadily and the performance gains are being realized. The company now has two main production bases, respectively.
The advantages of Ningdong and Uymon, the energy-chemical “Golden Triangle” in China, are clear. It is reported that the 1 million tonnes/year production line was launched in November 2024, the 1 million tonnes/year production line in January 2025 and the 1 million tonnes/year production line in January 2025.
The production line is scheduled to be tested in March 2025. After delivery, the company will have a capacity of 5.2 million tonnes/year, and the production capacity will rise to the top of the coal-based industry in the country.
The company's performance is expected to increase steadily with the gradual release of productive capacity. Coal prices are down and the profitability of coal-based hydrocarbons rises. Annually, by the end of 2024, the country's annual production of polyolefins reached 78 million tons, with a combined domestic production of 62.53 million polyolefins in 2024.
Total equity/flow (billion shares) tons, at an apparent consumption of 7,683,000 tons. Average coal polyethylene profits in 2024, at US$ 1967/t, total market value/flow (billions)
On that day, the coker and power coal markets averaged RMB 1198 per ton, RMB 592 per ton, a decrease of 35.21 per cent and 21.38 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous year; the market prices for ethylene and Acetylene were RMB 7544 per ton, and the performance of < < precipitation support significantly increased, with new construction
6865 ton, almost equal to last year ' s, and it is expected that the company ' s coal-based hydrocarbon business will remain at a better level of profitability for a quarter. < < < to support the company ' s current performance at a supplemental rate, new construction
Investment proposal: The company is the leading coal industry in the country and is building up with the energy of the Inner Mon Project to build a future growth space >--2024- < < Māori rate downside > > > > > .
Domestic macroeconomic recovery is less than expected: increased risk of industrial competition: force majeure risks, etc. Innermont project is progressing well, with lower prices for raw materials contributing to higher profitability Pacific Securities Co. Ltd.
926 Beijing Road, Congming Town, Yunnan Province.
The Chinese Securities Supervisory Board has approved qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations.
If you are not a signatory of the Pacific Securities Agreement, cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not be considered a customer of the Pacific Securities as a result of receiving, reading, or following the content of this report from the media.
The information in the report or the opinions expressed does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, investors should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is a non-saled bid or request for quotations. My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report