The reduction in coal prices benefited the coal industry, with attention paid to the growth of production capacity in the interior and in the Xinjiang.
Since October 2024, domestic coal prices have continued to decline, with an average of RMB 2024q4 - 9.4 per cent as of February 28, 2025 in Port Qin, benefiting from a decline in cost-side coal prices, a fall in the cost of the company ' s hydrocarbon and coke operations and a fall in coal prices, and an improvement in the profitability of the industry ' s hydrocarbon and coke operations.
(1) Aerocarbons business: approximately 30-40% of the company ' s gasification coal was purchased from Xinjiang, the remainder from Mongolia, referring to the price of Hamid q 6000 power pits and the Oldos q 5,500 power pits.
2024q4 drops by $627/tonne. (2) coke operations: we've chosen the price of smelting in Tianjin port as a reference indicator for the price of coke, the price of the main coal in Niangxia and the price of one third of the coal as a reference indicator for the cost of coke, assuming that 1.33 tons of coal will be required for the production of 1 ton of coke, and the blending ratio of the main coal and a third of the coal will be as follows:
An average of -108 yuan/tonne indicates that the company ' s coke business has been either profitable or repaired since 2024q4. The Xinjiang project is steadily moving towards production, and the Xinjiang project is expected to open up future growth space. The company ' s current production capacity is mainly in Ningxia (2.2 million tonnes/year) and Inner Mongolia (3 million tonnes/year).
In November of that year, the second production line was launched in mid-January 2025, and the third production line is expected to be in operation by the end of March 2025. In addition, the approval process for the Xinjiang 4 ton/year-old HFO project is progressing in an orderly manner, the Ningdong 4 to 500,000 ton/year-old HFO project will start in due course, and the future growth of the company ' s production of HFOs will be sustainable.
● The Inner Mongolia & Xinjiang Hydrocarbons project has a significant cost advantage, and corporate profits are expected to increase further (1) compared to the Ninxia Hydrocarbons project, where the Inner Mongolia project has a more cost advantage: on the one hand, the Inner Mongolia project currently purchases coal in the province, the Ningxia project purchases in the Ninmon + Xinjiang, and the current shipment of Inner Mon coal to the Inner Moon project
The cost of transportation is 90 yuan/ton lower than the freight cost of the Inner Mon Coal to Ningxia project, while the Xinjiang Coal to Ningxia project is equivalent to the combined cost of the Inner Mon Coal Project (coal price + freight cost), so the cost advantage of the Inner Mon Pingxia project is reflected in the lower freight cost of the Inner Mon Coal to Inner Moon Project to Ningxia project, taking into account the lower freight cost of the Inner Mon Coal Project to Ningxia project,
An increase in the performance of the release of HFOs, with a focus on the consumption of 5.5 tonnes of coal in the lymphos and about 65% in the Ningxia project, would reduce the cost of production of single ton HFOs by about 322 yuan per ton; on the other hand, investment in the Inner Mongolia project was lower than in the Ningxia project.
and the Xinjiang Project - Corporate Information Update Report about 4000 yuan/tonne, if depreciated over 20 years, the depreciation cost of single-ton acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acne is reduced by about 200 yuan/t. On the basis of the above calculations, the inner moon project is at least 522 yuan/tonne higher than the profit advantage of the Ningxia project. (2) Xinjiang
The cost of the Ningxia project is expected to be further highlighted: on the one hand, Xinjiang will be less expensive to use coal and will be able to achieve a fall in the price of coal for the release and co-processing of the capacity of the Ninxia production, and, on the other hand, the company will be able to move from Ningxia to Ningxia, which will reduce freight costs from Xinjiang to Ningxia, taking into account Ningxia.
Xinjiang, on the other hand, Xinjiang, whose single-ton investment was slightly higher than the Nemon project, was still significantly lower than the Ningxia project, and Xinjiang's electricity prices were lower than Ningxia.
The Xinjiang project, taken together, has a profit advantage of about $1,000 per ton over the Ningxia project.
Increased cost advantage - 2024 - quarterly report