High sales of acrylic hydrocarbons boosted performance, with a high score in investment value-for-investment - company event assessment report for energy (600989.sh).
In the case of polyolefins, the company Ningdong's tri-octaline project is fully operational, and in the case of intra-methylene hydrocarbons, the company's total production of the tri-octane acetylene acetylene.
The first and second lines of the project were fully operational. By the end of 2024, the company ' s polyolefin production capacity had increased by 61.90 per cent compared to the end of 2023, contributing to a double increase in the production of polyolefins. In 2024, the company achieved 1,133,000 tons of polypropene production, respectively.
For coke, there was a significant decrease of 91.91% in the company ' s stock of 7.04 million coke in 2024.
Prices were weak, but the annual average purchase price of raw materials for cokers dropped by 13.48 per cent to $1072.82 per ton, to some extent against the price reduction for the product, performance pressure, new base opening up room for growth.
The annual harvest of coke products was $9,835 million, a 10.5 per cent decline over the same period.
In terms of the cost of the period, the company ' s share of the sales/management/financial/research and development costs in 2024 decreased the cost of capitalization of interest, resulting in a significant increase in financial costs on a year-on-year basis.
A high score shows a high value for money, and the dividends continue to rise, and there is sufficient confidence in future operations and performance. The current firm’s in-house investment is largely tied, the end money is not expected to take up too much cash flow, and it is expected that the completion of the ISP will take place.
Continuing to contribute significant profits and cash flows, the company has a high red rate in the current year. Against the background of subsequent profit increases, the company's red rate will continue to rise, with investment prices. The rapid release of the company's productive capacity will lead to expected performance growth, super-high dividends, investment.
Prospective net return profits for companies in 2025-2027 are estimated to be risk of downstream demand fluctuations; risk of falling product prices; risk of rising raw materials prices; and risk of new construction projects falling short of expectations, respectively.
The Chemical Group introduced Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemical Industry, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of experience in research by sellers, ten years of experience in buyer research, good at judging industries and companies through supply-demand relationships and changes in competition.
I did not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.