Sea Group: Building Agricultural Leader of Products and Services (002311.sz) 18/0221
• A modern agricultural leader, a product-service-driven value-growth business, is a modern agricultural enterprise that provides a holistic solution to the livestock industry.
8 categories and directions in the agricultural sector. The company achieved operating income of 60.42 billion yuan in 2020, 26.9 per cent more than in the same year; net profit of 2.5 billion yuan was expected to return to the mother, 51.6 per cent more than in the same year; the company sold 14.7 million tons of feed abroad, 19.6 per cent more than in the same year; and as the production capacity of the company ' s pig production continued to grow, the demand for the whole category of fodder was increased.
Maintenance of high volumes and continued optimization of the corporate product structure, growth in the high Māori rate of special aquatic materials are expected to increase demand-led transformation of the company ' s products, the profitability of the company ' s aquatic chain operations has steadily increased, the country ' s demand for aquaculture consumption has continued to grow, consumption has accelerated the restructuring of aquaculture products, and policies have driven water supply.
The ratio of subsistence fisheries has continued to rise, adding to the increase in the efficiency and safety of farming in the fishing industry, and creating a decade of gold in aquaculture. The company’s aquaculture operations have led to a rapid increase in the sales of fish and shrimp, and have increased the profitability of the company’s aquatic chain.
• Avian chain operations are connected to end-of-life foods, and profitability is rising. Corporate whole-of-a-kind layouts, poultry feed sales benefit from a cyclical resonance, with 7.11 million tons of poultry feed sold in 2019, an increase of 35 per cent compared to that of the year. The company’s poultry chain service capacity has become complete, and it has been able to move towards end-of-life food processing and food distribution.
The company's business is on a fast-track, increasing its size, and the company's 10 years of sank in thin hair.
The company ' s strategic reserve and layout of pig-breeding operations, which accelerated after the emergence of the African pigpest in our country, has now grown across the board, with performance in line with expectations, 2021.1.15 Rapid reserve capacity development, and we expect 7.5 million pigs to emerge in 2025.
During the period, there was a reverse increase in the production of aquatic and pig feed - company update - feed carrier by wind - still at risk of disease in farming, and the production of pig production in companies was slower; there was a high incidence of disease in aquaculture.
To build a modern farm leader for products and services 1.1. To expand the multi-pronged service capacity with the feed business at its core, the China Group is a modern farmer based on aquatic feed that provides a holistic solution to the farming industry.
After 23 years of development, the company’s operations have been extended to eight categories and directions in the agricultural sector. The Ministry focuses on the aquaculture and livestock production chain, focusing on the feed industry, and constantly develops and upgrades its multi-pronged services.
The company sold 12.29 million tons of fodder in 2019, accounting for about 5.37 per cent of the country’s total feed sales, and reached 14.7 million tons in 2020, with a projected further increase in the city’s share.
In the past, there has been a significant increase in the volume of feed sales in a group of feed companies based on full class advantages and large customer dominance. Figure 2: Maintenance of high growth in company feed sales (cagr = 20.0%)
10.9 per cent, followed by a relatively small revenue ratio for the sale of agricultural products, dynamic products and other operations, figure 4: Forage business is the company's top business, with revenue rising by 81.9 per cent.
The Māori rate for company feed operations increased from 8.3 per cent in 2010 to 10.8 per cent in 2019, and increased capacity for product cost management was an important reason for increasing corporate profitability; another important reason was that companies ' non-feed business continued to grow at a faster pace, raising corporate overall profitability with high value added attributes.
In 2019, corporate agricultural sales, insurance and other operations accounted for only 7.2 per cent of the company's total revenue, while the contribution to the company as a whole was 18.7 per cent.
1.2. Building products and services around value growth as the inner core of an enterprise ' s development strategy, the Big China Group proposes the first customer, the second employee, and the third company ' s ranking of value growth priorities. In pursuing value growth, companies recognize that they grow and move.
There is a significant value-enhancing space at all levels, from conservation and feed to farming, so companies are using business efficiency upgrades, optimization of mechanisms for the procurement of raw materials, and the establishment of market-oriented product mechanisms as practices to achieve value growth. Companies are using the business model of “centre-molerate” to improve the efficiency of their operations.
The advantages of this model are the concentration of resources and rights in molecular companies and first-line companies, which then ensure that companies can quickly learn about market conditions and trends, and respond and adjust in a timely manner. A professional centre at headquarters promotes technological and managerial upgrading, while at the same time promoting regional, regional and local levels.
The Ministry of Industry and Moleculars send personnel to bring about internal synergies between technology, management, and production, and marketing through flat-level organizational structures. From a managerial point of view, the structure of the organization avoids the problem of group power being too far away from the market; it effectively eases the power struggle between the functional and molecular companies; and, to some extent, it regulates it.
Companies use “group+region” procurement mechanisms to improve the control of the cost of raw materials. They benefit from flat-tension groups.
The combination of the two procurement methods ensures the advantages of large-scale purchasing of raw materials and the advantages of rapid adaptation and localization resulting from regional procurement.
On the basis of sound disclosure of procurement plans, specific research on raw materials, classification of procurement programmes, revision of procurement programme evaluation, monitoring of implementation of procurement plans, and evaluation of post-distribution production and sales results, the company is also actively using financial derivatives for cost risk management.
Prior to and after, companies began to centralize raw materials through a process of integration; and, with the globalization of the company's operations, exchange rate locking started in foreign exchange hedging operations in 2018. Companies were stringently matching hedging operations with the size of their production operations and establishing corresponding regulatory approval systems to reduce them.
Risk exposure has a negative impact on the company. In terms of implementation, a stable Māori ratio of 3% of the company’s trade operations has been maintained, demonstrating the integrity and advantages of the company’s procurement mechanisms.
To achieve this objective, the company will ensure that its product research and development is better informed about market demand and that it will be able to adjust to market feedback in a timely manner. The company is gradually developing a three-tier R & D system and
The “four-by-one” product mechanism, which achieves rapid linkages between procurement, formulation, marketing, and production, enables companies to keep up with market demand and reduce the cost of their products with technological and procurement advantages, which in turn leads to efficiency gains for end-farmers.
Four Ones continues to test and upgrade the company's product capacity.
According to data from the National Statistical Office, production and consumption of water products have increased steadily over the past decade, from 53,730 tons in 2010 to 64,800.0 million tons in 2019, with a complex growth rate of 1.9 per cent, according to FAO data, the consumption of water products in 2017.
55188,000 tons, or 36.1 per cent of total global consumption, are the world ' s largest consumer of water products, with annual per capita consumption of water products increasing from 31.9 kg in 2009 to 41.0 kg. Improved quality of life of the population and high demand for high-quality proteins.
There has been a marked increase in the proportion of animal protein intake. According to the data, over the past 15 years, the percentage of population consumption of aquatic protein has risen, from 5.8 per cent in 2004 to 10.9 per cent in 2019. The subregion has seen a steady increase in the proportion of urban and rural population consumption.
In absolute terms, however, in 2019, the average daily intake per capita aquatic protein per person in rural areas was 3.66g, which is only 54.6% of the average daily intake in urban areas. There is still much room for increasing the intake of aquatic protein in rural areas.
In recent years, domestic producers of raw materials have been expanding to sunk markets, low-line cities and township retailers have been enriched with supersku products, and the demand for water products in the submersion market and in the interior is better met, and it is expected that over the next few years, along with low-line urban and rural dwellers, the demand for water products will be met.
The share of water products in the diet has continued to rise, and domestic consumption of water products will continue to increase. 2.2. Policies have encouraged China to continue to increase the share of aquaculture, fisheries have continued to decline and aquaculture production has increased. In recent years, the country ' s freshwater and seawater natural fisheries have continued to grow.
With Asia's consumption of water products accounting for about 70% of total global consumption, and its continued increase in consumption, which exacerbates pressures on offshore and inland water fisheries resources, offshore fishing has accelerated, according to trends, towards distant oceans. In order to maintain the healthy and sustainable development of natural fisheries resources, our policy of “stopping fishing” has been adopted in recent years.
The depletion of natural fishing resources and the protection of policies have contributed to the acceleration of our fisheries production in favour of aquaculture. According to data from the Fisheries Management Authority, the country's aquaculture production amounted to 5.79 million tons in 2019 and a combined increase of 2.9 per cent in five years.
As a result of the implementation of the strictest “sea-sea-sea-sea-sea-sea-sea-sea-sea-sea-sea-fishing policy”, the rate of water-fishing rose from 71:29 at the end of the Eleventh Five-Year Plan to 78:22 at the end of 2019. The same trend was observed in our freshwater-season policy, which was published in 2019 by the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs on the Yangtze River by the Ministry of Agriculture and Agriculture.
In January 2021, the policy established a ban on fishing from the natural reserves and aquatic resources of the Yangtze River Basin, which was extended to the main rivers, important tributaries, and large lakes of the Yangtze River.
The river basin covers 26.7% of the country’s total area, and it is expected that the proportion of aquaculture in the country will be raised in the next 5 to 10 years, which has become a medium- and long-term direction for the development of fisheries in the country. The size of aquaculture and the number of aquaculture practitioners has been fully validated to confirm that changes in the industry are taking place and that our fisheries production is moving towards regulation.
Paradigm and scale. A double increase in the production and quality of water products in a limited number of aquaculture waters has become the direction of our concerted efforts to develop the country ' s aquaculture industry over the long term. 2.3. Demand increases drive the restructuring of our water products.
In terms of production, the common water products represented by herds, mackerel and shoals are the most important species of my aquaculture and the water products that my population consumes the most. In 2019, the production of ordinary water products accounted for 36.9 per cent of total aquaculture production and 62.3 per cent of freshwater aquaculture.
In recent years, the population’s consumption of water products has begun to shift in favour of scarcity, variability, taste, taste, and other factors. This is reflected in changes in the yields of aquaculture products, which represent a more marked decline in the production of ordinary water products in the last five years, and in the production of special water products, which is more common.
There has been a significant increase in the demand for special aquatic products, which are represented by species such as lobsters, seafish, shrimps, and fresh yellowfish. In addition to being driven by changes in demand at the end of consumption, the breakthroughs in the quality of our special aquatic seedlings and the increase in the area of farming also serve to guide and support the demand.
The shift in consumption has opened up new opportunities for the aquatic feed industry. In terms of general and special aquaculture production, there was a decline of 1.63 million tons of primary and special aquaculture production in 2019 compared to 2015, and a growth of 2.02 million tons of major special aquaculture production.
For aquatic feed processing companies, on the one hand, the special aquaculture economy is more valuable, and on the other hand, it is conducive to increasing demand concentration through the transformation of farm products. This change is more demanding for feed companies’ product structure and product power, and backward production capacity continues to fall back because of the inability to match industry changes quickly.
The situation will continue to emerge. Figure 20: Special aquatic products have changed more in absolute terms than normal aquaculture. Figure 21: Aquatic feed restructuring but production levels remain stable.
The company can quickly adjust the product structure and the market demand for services. In addition to the feed business, the company’s core capabilities are relatively obvious in other parts of the industry, and the solution is complete.
The establishment of the case effectively guaranteed the competitive advantage of the end product. Figure 22: Corporate services cover the whole chain of aquaculture. Corporate aquaculture solutions include training in farming techniques, high-quality seedlings, efficient feed, science-motivation, water.
Qualitative monitoring, support for farming processes, market price forecasting, monitoring and support for the sale of end-products.
Figure 23: Efficiency and efficiency drivers of the overall solution 3.1. Quality seedlings provide the natural advantage of farming. Aquatic seedlings are the source and material basis of aquaculture, and the quality of seedlings determines the efficiency of their production.
Low. We have a late start in aquaculture, and there are currently few varieties of quality seedlings that are scarce in industry. Companies, based on the current state of the industry, have increased their seeding inputs, and many of the varieties that they currently choose have gained a strong economic advantage in the selection of seedlings by national companies. In recent years, companies have been increasing their investment in high-quality fish and shrimp seedlings.
In South America, economic optimization has been achieved for water products such as white to shrimps, grassfish, raffles, yellowfish, swarms, etc. The company has now developed a well-developed shrimp seedling system for breeding seedlings, with the exception of the previously broken and basic species of grassfish, shoals, shoals, raffles, yellow toads.
In 2019, the company achieved $354 million in sales revenue for seedlings, an increase of 26.43% over the same period, and in 2020 we are expected to exceed $600 million. With previous sustained R & D inputs and technological deposits, the company’s seedling capacity is increasing over time.
Figure 24: The economic status of the water products selected by the company has significantly improved the growth rate of 100-day-old shrimp growing by more than 11 per cent and the survival rate by more than 13 per cent in Verbins for shrimps “Yexin No. 2”, suitable for the production of artificially controlled freshwater and adult freshwater bodies throughout the country.
Clanhead, “Haohai 1” (a national fit for artificially controlled freshwater bodies) 1-year-old fish grew by more than 24 per cent and the survival rate by more than 22 per cent; 2-year-old fish grew by 22 per cent in the form of mixed beads (a national fit for artificially controlled freshwater bodies in the Pearl Sea and Yangtze basins)
The rate of survival of the July-age fish is 20% higher than that of the mother, and the average weight is 3.2 times higher than that of the father. 3.2 Scientific feeding increases the advantages of post-farming. 20,653,000 tons of aquaculture production in 2019, compared to the yield of shellfish in seawater farming.
This is higher, accounting for about 69.7 per cent of total production; fish and crustaceans, for example, produce only 17 per cent, or about 3,521 million tons, of water products that can be fed. By fish and crustaceans, farm production accounts for more than one single product: crayfish, sea crabs, big yellow fish, pebbles, basking fish, mackerel, shoals, etc.
In 2019, the country produced 30.138,000 tons of freshwater aquaculture, while fish production was relatively high, accounting for 84.5 per cent of total production. The main common aquaculture products, such as herds, mackerel, mackerel, carp, mackerel, etc., are our freshwater production.
It is worth noting that, in recent years, with the boom in the lobster consumption market, the production of lobsters has grown rapidly, with 209,000 tons of lobster produced in 2019, becoming an important feature of the freshwater landscape. Figure 28: Major freshwater aquaculture production in 2019 was 29,844,000 tons.
The company achieves full coverage of the domestic aquaculture belt for fodder production. Driven by a combination of factors such as geographical location, temperature, water abundance, and consumption habits, the country is gradually becoming characterized by regional variety farming, i.e. the coastal zone, which is dominated by the coastal province, and the freshwater belt, which is dominated by the South China interior.
Building on the characteristics of the country ' s aquaculture industry, the company has now set up production and marketing companies in 26 of the country ' s provinces (direct municipalities and autonomous regions) and has set up production and marketing offices in several countries abroad to provide short-range coverage of products and services in the main farming areas.
Figure 29: The country ' s specific aquaculture belts have been formed initially in figure 30: the company has achieved full coverage of the country ' s aquaculture areas, and the company ' s aquaculture production is ahead in size and is growing faster. In 2019, the company sold 3.51 million tons of aquaculture.
The company’s new shrimp speciality is more than 10,386 tons of production capacity. Faced with the need for special aquaculture consumption as a result of rising consumption, the tons of new scalding feed line will be operational in June 2021, with the remaining capacity expected to be operational by the end of 2021, with the exception of the 450,000 tons produced by the company. The new scalding capacity will be fully post-partum, and it is expected that the company’s aquaculture will be expanded.
The production line capacity, i.e., 16 hours of uninterrupted operation on a double shift per working day using a particle machine under certain simple formulation conditions, is theoretically real. However, in the actual production process, the feed line cannot produce the theoretical value of production (i.e., the company benefits from a product transformation in its aquatic profitability).
More efficient. Because of the higher demand for production technology from the inflated material, profits are higher than those from the granules; the fire of the small lobster and its demand for shrimp consumption has led to an increase in the size of shrimp farming, with a profit of about 2.5 times the size of the fish. Companies have continued to increase their inflated fish and shrimp production capacity in recent years, and sales have also been on a larger scale.
The refinement of products is expected to further expand the profitability of business products. Companies have developed a system of animal nutrition in response to the variety of water products, the diversity of nutrition systems, and changes in nutritional needs at different stages of development.
Databases. This is the basis for product refinement. As the future livestock sector becomes more efficient, the company's precision animal feeding programme will lead to better product competitiveness and better profitability.
3.3. Scientific action to protect long-term healthy aquaculture in our country is more vulnerable to climate-related factors. Aquaculture has a higher level of water quality and bottom quality in the waters, with monsoon weather and heavy precipitation leading to environmental degradation in the waters, leading to a high incidence of aquatic disease.
The main production areas are concentrated on the south-east coast and south of the Qin Qin River, with a subtropical monsoon climate characterized by the same periods of hot rains and frequent summer monsoons. Thus, the rapid growth of aquatic seedlings makes them more vulnerable to climate change, natural disasters and secondary disasters in the long term. The climate is characterized as a force majeure in the occurrence of aquaculture diseases.
Figure 35: Aquaculture has a high incidence of rapid and long-term disease due to climatic factors. In recent years, aquaculture disease has been characterized by many types of disease, prevalence, long-term morbidity and gradual drug resistance, which have had a serious impact on the country’s aquaculture industry.
For example, in 2009, for the first time in our country, acute insulin deaths (ahpnd/ems) in white-to-shrimps in South America resulted in a reduction of more than 20% in the value of white-to-shrimp production before the onset of the disease in South America, with a clear impact on the aquaculture industry. The reasons for this are the degradation of germ matter, the prolonged feeding of farm animals, and the poor quality of water caused by inappropriate use of medicines.
In view of the high incidence of disease in our aquaculture industry, China’s group has been active in expanding the management and management of the industry’s products and services, and has produced water products in the name of the Union’s brand.
On the basis of this strategy, the company has continued to expand its services with its own capabilities, introducing and developing environmental regulation of poultry farming and building a system for the control of pig farms on the scale of Rihelinge branding.
The full distribution of vaccines, the service-farming chain, the control of the proliferation of environmental bacteria and the occurrence of disease. Figure 37: IOC management to improve the microecological environment of aquaculture, billions of yuan, an increase of 21.3 per cent compared to the previous five years, with a 33.7 per cent increase in compound growth, with a higher Māori rate of company-driven products, guaranteed.
4.1. Forage operations are stable and benefit from cycle resonance.
Processors. In 2019, the company sold 7.11 million tons of poultry feed, an increase of 35 per cent in the same year; and in 2019, 1.67 million tons of pig feed, a decline of 28 per cent in the same year, affected by the African pigpest. In 2020, we expect the company to sell about 8.5 million tons of poultry, with a recovery in pig feed to 2.3 million tons.
In terms of production structure, livestock accounts for about 84% of the country’s total feed production, and in their respective periods, one party has more than obvious short-term complementarities with the other. In August 2018, the African pigpest appeared in the country for the first time, and by the end of 2019, the country’s pig-bearing stock fell to about 84% of the country’s total feed production.
310 million head, 27.5% less than in 2018, 33.4% less than in 2017. Businesses took the lead in expanding their production in the first quarter of 2019 in order to increase the size of the meat supply to fill the meat supply gap.
The demand for fodder will remain high in the short term. Because the pork gap is significantly larger than in previous rounds, it is more certain that it expands.
According to data published by the Chinese Association of Feeding Industries, we expect to produce more than 250 million tons of feed in 2020. New production is less likely to reduce the short-term cost of production as new farm production becomes available. Later on, as pig stocks and the size of exits continue to recover, pork will run out of some poultry production capacity on a seasonal basis, as pig meat is higher than poultry.
Forage production will remain at over 250 million tons in the next 1-3 years. 4.2. There is still much room for growth in the supply of poultry.
Forage: 6319 million tons of enriched feed and 330,000 tons of feed additives. In recent years, the share of the meat-farming industry in the use of blends has continued to rise, with feed production/fowl yield ratio rising from 2.31 in 2007 to 3.26 in 2018. For disaggregated varieties, the co-feeding rate of yellow and pheasant chickens is significantly lower than that of white chickens, as industrial feed becomes more popular.
There is still room for improvement in the demand for our yellow feather feed, and there is much room for growth in the supply of egg feed. In 2019, we produced 2,984 tons of egg feed, including 25.9 million tons of feed, 2.52 million tons of condensed feed, and 1.42 million tons of pre-contribution feed.
The real demand for national eggs and poultry for feed is about 69,166,000 tons, with a total supply space of about 40 million tons. With the increase in the efficiency and cost of farming in our poultry industry, there is much room for improvement in the production of egg and poultry products.
According to data published by the Chinese Livestock Association, in 2019, we produced 17 billion meats, of which some 4.2 billion were produced, or 24.7 per cent, of the country’s total meat production. With the tightening of environmental policies, the country’s aquaculture has gradually shifted from water-fed to dry-water-fed or indoor-farming.
Integrated feeding to replace some aquatic organisms is expected to contribute to an increase in the demand for water-fowl blending.4.3 The company's advantage in poultry business is expanding.
Full competition. With intense market competition, firms, driven by technological and product capacity, add up size and operational efficiency, gradually gain market competitive advantage in the poultry business, driving farm productivity to lower farm costs.
The production and manufacture of chickens, yellow feather chickens, egg chickens, egg ducks are different. While developing the mainstream category, the company uses the breakdown as an entry point to develop the formulation system for differences in the nutrient systems of different species.
From a strategic point of view, the public poultry feed business has shifted from disaggregating one-single advantages to establishing an overall one-size-fits-all advantage, as evidenced by a steady increase in the company ' s poultry market, with the company ' s poultry market rising to 6.1% in 2019.
The company is active in developing its capacity to serve the poultry chain.
While upgrading its client capacity at the end of service b, the exploration of the market at the end of c will help companies build a better brand image and brand awareness. The size of poultry slaughtering and processing operations has increased significantly.
A number of poultry slaughtering plants have been set up to provide integrated marketing services for farm-based enterprises/households. In 2019, the company ' s poultry slaughter industry added more value to its food processing than its poultry-based operations, and is expected to increase the overall profitability of the poultry chain in the long run.
According to the National Plan for the Development of the Pig Industry (2016-2020), the capacity of large-scale farming units to prevent disease is significantly better than that of small-scale farming units.
The disease capacity and the cost of farming raise barriers to the production of pig production, which will be accelerated. According to the data from the list of registered pig farming companies, the share of head-scale farm farming enterprises in the market is one step in determining the pace of the upward shift in the industry’s cost barriers.
As of 1 May 2012, the new regulations on the management of feed and graft additives have been implemented, and the tightening of access rules has accelerated the transformation of the feed industry into a concentrated industry.
By the end of 2015, we had 6772 feed-licensing companies, 4143 fewer than in 2010, with a marked reduction in capacity. The 2017 National Development Plan for the Feeding Industry, the 13th Five-Year Plan, further requires a process of industrial energy concentration. According to the Chinese Feeding Industry Yearbook (2019), by the end of 2018, the size of the country was 10,000 tons.
There are 3,742 feed production plants, 656 feed processing plants producing more than 100,000 tons per year, with feed production accounting for 49.7 per cent of the country ' s total feed production, and 32 feed companies producing more than 1 million tons per year, accounting for 53.0 per cent of the country ' s total feed production. The feed industry has taken the lead in the primary form of intensive production, compared to downstream farming.
5.2. Demand for raw pig feed is continuously recovering. At the end of the feed demand, according to data from the National Statistical Office, the stock of live pigs in the country has been rising for five consecutive quarters since the fourth quarter of 2019. As of the end of the fourth quarter of 2020, the stock of live pigs stood at 407 million head, compared to 407 million head.
At the end of 2018, 94.9% and 87.2% of the year 2017, the total pig stock level has been restored, with a significant drop of 165 million in the fourth quarter of 2020, an increase of 22.9% over the previous quarter, and 49.0% over the same period.
As a result of changes in pig feed production since June 2020, there has been a significant increase in pig feed production, which increased by 53.1% in November 2020, close to the same level in 2018. With the continued control of the African pigpest epidemic and the increased capacity of breeding enterprises to prevent the disease, it is expected that in 2021, with the birth of pigs and their ability to grow pigs, there will be an increase in the number of pigs.
With the constant recovery of models, the demand for raw pig feed will continue to recover and remain high. 5.3, the company’s raw pig chain business is starting to accelerate, and the competitive firm’s business will accelerate at a price. On the one hand, a scalding enterprise will be able to take over short-term exit from productive capacity; and, on the other hand,
On the one hand, the Matthews effect will magnify the core competitiveness of the dominant firms. This is reflected mainly in farming techniques and management, environmental protection, animal vaccination, and feeding efficiency.
The control of the full cost of farming by the dominant farming enterprise will be reflected in a sustained over-profit, prompting rapid expansion and replication of the production advantage. The external environment, coupled with internal hardware, has a pig-breeding advantage.
In the current cycle of non-pest diseases, companies have also been active in ensuring the safety of farming by strengthening biological controls and upgrading hardware. In selecting sites for new and reserve capacity, companies have chosen areas far away from people's smoke, and their internal hardware has been upgraded accordingly.
The risk of cross-infection between humans and livestock, followed by expanding the competitive advantage of enterprises in the context of new farming.
In 2017, the company established the Ministry of Pig Growing (the Dolphin Enterprise) and officially entered the military pig farming industry. Over the past five years, the company's pig-breeding business has grown steadily, with 670,000 pigs in 2019. Since the African pigpest, the company has accelerated the production of pig-breeding strategic reserves.
In January 2021, the company introduced 2,000 pigs from France, marking the official acceleration of the company ' s pig-breeding operations. Figure 57: The company produces more than 11 million pigs.
In 2019, the company sold 1.67 million tons of raw pig feed, raising 670,000 pigs. We expect the company to sell 2.3 million tons of raw pig feed in 2020, raising 900,000 pigs. The company has a farm-farming capacity around the feed business.
The output surplus provides a guarantee of internal sales, and the total production of pig feed by the aid company increases in tandem with the share of domestic sales. We predict that by 2025, the company will have produced more than 8 million pigs and more than 2.4 million tons of pig feed (the meat ratio is about 2.6), adding to the rapid growth in the export of pig feed, with the company ' s total production of pig feed exceeding 10 million tons.
Technology+Strategy is the most prominent label for the long-term competitiveness of firms that paint them from the beginning and in the development dimension. 6.1. Technology-driven is the bottom capacity of enterprises.
The company’s founder, Mr. Xuehua, graduated in 1992 from the Aquaculture College of the Chinese University of Agriculture, where he obtained a Master’s degree in Aquaculture from the University of China, in 1995. The company’s founding team and core management team are also mostly of professional background, with the blood flow from the company.
In addition, the company's founding team and members of the senior management team, most of whom graduated from the Chinese University of Agriculture, the Department of Aquaculture and the Faculty of Life Sciences of Nakayama University, have a deeper connection with Mr. Xuehua.
Born in Yang County, Shanxi Province, 1970; Received a Bachelor's degree in Special Aquaculture from the Chinese University of Agriculture, 1992-1995; Enrolled in Zoology from the Faculty of Life Sciences, Nakayama University, 1992-1995.
Professor Lin Ding, a well-known national fish nutrient scientist, was awarded a master's degree;
Table 8: The core members of the company are also of professional background. What is the country: Chief Scientist of the National Shrimp and Crab Industry Technical System, Dean of the Faculty of Marine Science, Nakayama University, 2008-2018.
Companies continue to invest in science and technology, building technical barriers. Companies use “technology and agriculture” as their mission, and continue to invest in science and research. In 2019, the number of research and development personnel in companies increased by 35.3 per cent. Forage companies, horizontal comparisons show that companies have a clear lead in the number of researchers and in the investment of research and development costs.
The company focuses on the transformation of scientific elements and promotes the strength of its products. The company has developed research projects around animal nutrition, disease prevention and control, quality seedlings, dynamic conservation products, healthy farming programmes, and product optimization.
New water products, such as the Quanticos, the Nirvana II, and the Longbeads, have quickly taken over most markets in China, China, China, and South China. The company has created a database covering aquaculture, animal camps, and has become an important market-oriented foundation for research and formulation adjustments.
Figure 62: Sustained transformation of corporate research results and rapid opening of markets 6.2. Strategic management builds high-level enterprise capabilities. Corporate mission, values, culture of “sustainability crisis”, development strategies can shape an enterprise's strategy
There is no doubt that a company is a modern enterprise with a very strong strategic management capacity. With the Porter competition framework and the strategic management process, a clear outline of a mature corporate strategy for a large maritime group can be drawn. 6.2.1, companies are constantly strengthening their own strategies for marketing their services.
Typically, the process of strategic management can be divided into three stages, namely strategy development, strategy implementation, and strategic evaluation feedback.
The period 1998-2003 was the first stage in the formation of company services, where companies were taught to adopt and market feed brands through technical services plus marketing, and where companies provided emergency services to farmers;
In addition to the expansion and upgrading of service lines, service capacity and the fundamental change in the service structure of the Department of Public Services from ex post service to ex ante service and full process service.
The wheel model is recognized by the market. Figure 63: Companies develop a service marketing system around the value of their customers.
The farming process is divided into four phases, corresponding to the company's four-wheel service. The company combines its technical advantages with a comprehensive assessment of factors such as pacing, seasonality, climate, and so on.
The company’s ability to sell has led to a high turnover of assets, a high rate of growth in escort companies. The company’s Goroe is behind the industry.
High asset turnover on average. On the one hand, a well-developed front-end raw material procurement mechanism reduces the risk of raw materials being occupied, funds being held in stock, thereby contributing to an increase in asset turnover, and on the other hand, a good combination of services marketing and market-based product marketing mechanisms that accelerates the pace of marketing of enterprise products, and higher production efficiency (capacity utilization and marketing)
The company’s strategic implementation capacity is strong, and the strategic feedback mechanism is robust. The strategy can be developed to reflect the enterprise’s top-level design.
And long-term visions; medium-term planning, crisis awareness, and development reflection reflect the integrity of the corporate strategic management process.
6.2.2 The company is a firm that continues to refine its own competitive strategy, and it is a player in three strict competitive strategies. In terms of cost leadership, product differentiation, and focus, the corporate strategy is clear from year to year.
The M&A lease approach has gradually increased the concentration of the South China feed market to a higher level. After the regional size advantage was established, the firm’s cost edge, supported by the power of large-scale raw material purchases and a strong mid-level capability, became more pronounced.
In addition, companies are actively engaged in the diversification of products, using poultry as the most competitive and less profitable type of feed.
In the context of hand-held advantages, through product differentiation strategies, research and development for the production of specific categories of poultry products, building product and competitive advantages in the category of disaggregated products by targeting users, and ultimately achieving overall breakthroughs and overall advantages in poultry operations. The breakdown of products not only allows better matching of specific needs, but also
The company’s diversification strategy is also reflected in the company’s ability to diversify its industrial chain. (1) Feed business: the company’s ability to expand its feed business and speed up the area through acquisition and leasing.
(ii) pig-breeding: the company accelerated its pig-breeding operations in 2020, and the company's pre-storage capacity is expected to provide a comparative advantage in the industry for the company's pig-breeding business costs, with rapid growth in production capacity and overall operations benefiting from the profits of pigbreeding operations; poultry and aquaculture operations, with companies continuing to buy out leased items with internal expansion
By accelerating the integration of production capacity, size and cost edges will continue to grow, with product-based strategic enablers increasing aquaculture, poultry sales, and overall Māori by sorting out products. Companies are expected to use strong product power and services in their valuations in the future, with companypes slightly above industry averages, owing to the high Māori rate of aquaculture in the company’s feed product structure.
The relatively high share of feed, the more profitable nature of the operation of conservation, seedlings, and pig farming in the short term, and the clear comparative advantage of other firms in the industry over their superior size, gave a certain value premium and maintained a “buy-in” rating.
There is still a slow pace of production of pig-producing capacity in companies and a high incidence of aquaculture disease.