• Animals are in a state of high demand, and aquatic materials are dependent on the power of the Wright water. 7.71 million tons, an increase of 9.5 per cent over the same year, of which the sales of piglets, piglets, piglets and fertilizers increased by 4.2 per cent, 49.4 per cent and 3.8 per cent, respectively.
In January-November 2020, the national production of eggs and meat increased by more than 20% compared to the previous year, and the figure of yellow and yellow chickens increased by the same rate as in 2020.
The prices of the company are at the same level as those of the depth of 300, and in 2021 it is expected to continue to be high. 3 Aquaculture traditional breeds meet with bottled necks, special aquatic energy. 2.25 million tons of aquaculture were sold in January-November 2020, in the same manner.
This is a 5% decline, and the increase in sales of aquatic materials continues to slow or even fall, linked to an increase in the consumption of aquatic products, a gradual decline in traditional farming varieties, and the growth of aquatic materials depends on the power of the Wright water.
In 1998, the company started with a mix of water products, and after three years, the bulk of the crop was sold on the basis of which the country ' s number one, the company, entered the area of fresh water fish for feed, shrimp and inflated fish, and in 2011 it was the country ' s number one, the company ' s market for water products in 2019.
In early 2004, the company entered the chicken sector, which ranked first in 2006 in the Guangdong commercial chicken market, second in 2009 in the Guangdong market and 6.1 per cent in 2019 in the poultry market; in 2006 the company entered the pig industry, 2019
The company’s pig feed market reached 2.2%, and its feed business was stable, well classed, with a sustained high growth through the cycle. In 2006-2019, the company’s feed revenues and the annual multi-moric growth accelerated the withdrawal of industry SMEs, the surge in the size of top firms, and the company’s achievement throughout the year.
Forage sales of 14.7 million tons, an increase of about 20 per cent over the same period. Product strength is clear and the core competitiveness of the firm is excellent. 1 Value purchasing capacity supports.
The company also has a fast-track “four-in-one” mechanism that ensures the best value for money of the company’s products;2 and is supported by efficient operating capacity, combined farming uniforms.
In 2006, the company took the lead in offering comprehensive technical services to farmers and in positioning the company as a service-oriented enterprise offering holistic farming solutions to farmers.
The Division ensures the success and profitability of farm farming by ensuring access to state-of-the-art farming techniques through a process-wide product and technical service support, which is an important catcher for companies to obtain customers and increase their viscosity; and 3 focuses on research and development, “formula-procurement”.
Flexible mechanisms for networking; 4 ongoing incentives to closely bind the long-term interests of companies and core teams to promote firm growth. • Profit forecasting, valuation and investment ratings.
The company issued a 2020 performance report: operating income of $60.480 billion in 2020, an increase of 49.1 per cent over the same year, and business blocks such as company feed, seedlings, motor protection, pig farming, etc., maintained a full growth in line with market expectations.
At the industry level, it is expected to increase rapidly in 2021, with a continued high temperature of poultry, bottlenecks in traditional aquaculture varieties, and industry growth dependent on the power of special aquaculture. At the firm level, the company has a well-developed feed package, sustained high growth through the cycle, and clear product strength.
The core competitiveness of the outstanding casting companies. Sub-optimal distribution of feed; epidemic. 1 Farmer leader, management and staff with fodder as their core business
1.1 Large-scale high-tech farmers and pastoralists in the country with fodder as their core business
The main products include aquatic and animal feed, high-quality aquatic seedlings, animal health products and biological products, pig farming, etc., covering all the lines of business such as research and development, design, production, marketing, services.
Feeding operations are the company’s core business, and in 2019, 1.2 management and employees benefited fully from equity incentives.
Ten thousand shares, representing 53.9 per cent of the company ' s total stock, were actually controlled by Mr. Xuehua, Chairman and Managing Director of the company, with 39.75 per cent of the shares held in the sea and Xu Yingqiao, Vice-Chairman of the company, with 27 per cent of the shares in the seagull; Tan Lily, Ro Qiang, Jiang Xie Wu, Chan Shek Bridge (Deputy Managing Director, Chief Engineer of the company), Liu Guoqiang, Ray and Jiang, Xu Wan, Jiang Jian Jian
In March 2017, the management and staff of the company benefited fully from three equity incentives: 18 per cent, 4.5 per cent, 4.5 per cent, 3 per cent, 1.5 per cent, 0.55 per cent, and Qi Jin-Yung (the company ' s supervisor), respectively.
2.1 China ' s feed industry has reached maturity in the late 1970s. Our feed industry began to grow in the late 1970s. During more than 40 years of development, it has been expanding rapidly, largely year after year, with steady growth and integration from 2011 to the present. Forage production in 2011 exceeded that of China.
The United States, the world’s largest feed producer, increased its national feed production from 74.29 million tons to 229 million tons in 2000-2019, with an annual compound growth rate of 6.1 per cent.
Industry concentration has been increasing: 621 feed production plants of more than 100,000 tons of size nationwide in 2019, a decrease of 3.3 percentage points per year; 31 feed consortiums of more than 1 million tons per year, representing 50.5 per cent of total feed production in the country, of which 3 consortiums produce more than 10 million tons per year.
In 2019, we produced 766.3 million tons of pig feed, or 33.5 per cent of the country's total feed production: 31.17 million tons of eggs, meat, 846.5 million tons of poultry, or 13.6 per cent and 37 per cent of the country's total feed production, respectively; 22.3 million tons of water production, or 9.6 per cent of the country's total feed production, and 11.9 million tons of anti-septic animal feed, respectively.
This represents 4.8 per cent of the country ' s total feed production.
2.2.1 Scaled up industrial feed coverage rose from 43.27 million tons to 54.4 million tons in 2002-2018, with an annual compound growth rate of 1.4 per cent and a significant reduction of 21.3 per cent to 42.55 million tons in 2019 as a result of non-pest diseases.
In 2018, the production of pig feed rose significantly from 3,097 million tons to 104.43 million tons, a compound annual growth rate of 7.9 per cent, and in 2019, as a result of the non-pest disease, the volume of pig food sold fell by 26.6 per cent to 766.3 million tons. As the production of pig meat has entered a steady period of growth, the increase in pig food is mainly due to industrial feed, resulting from increased scale.
In 2007-2017, the number of registered pigs fell from 82.35 million to 37.75 million, and according to our constant monitoring, in the larger context of the persistence of the non-pest disease, there was a gradual loss of competition among ordinary farmers, and the concentration of large-scale farms, especially large groups of companies, was accelerating.
The proportion of live pigs in the city is expected to rise from 7.4 per cent in 2018 to 23.8 per cent in 2021; the top five listed pigs produce and increase national pork production;
Figure 11 Number of pig-born households in the country, 10,000 Number of pig-breeding households Figure 12 Pervasive pig-breeding rate Figure 13 Changes in the proportion of pig-breeding households in 2012-2018
The top ten listed pigs from 2017 to 2018 are Win-Sung shares, herbs share, Chang-Sun technology, new hopes, food and meat from China, eagle farmers, Tian-Sang shares, Great North farmers, Tang, Tin-Kang creatures, ten listed pigs from 2019 to 2021, herbs share, Win-Sung shares, Cheng-Scient technology, New Hope, Tian-Shun shares, Big North farmers, food and meat from China, Tin-Kang creatures, Tang-chung, Ho-chung creatures.
The amount of pig food sold is higher than the amount of pig food sold in our country is closely related to pig feed. The concentration of pig production continued to rise in 2009-2018, and even at the point where pig cycles go up and pigs go down, the amount of pig food sold will only stagnate or fluctuate slightly.
However, as a result of the non-false epidemic, the largest drop of 40 per cent in the number of pigs born in 2019 eventually resulted in a similar drop of 26.6 per cent in the amount of pig food sold.
In January-November 2020, the country produced 771.4 million tons of pig food, representing a 9.5 per cent increase over the same period, of which 245.2 million tons, or 4.2 per cent over the same period, and 147.5 million tons, or 49.4 per cent, over the same period, over the same period, or 3,35.7 million tons, or 3.8 per cent over the same period. We believe that the increase in pig food in 2020 is mainly due to an increase in size.
In our 2021 Strategic Report: Pig prices are expected to remain relatively high, and food prices are rising in the medium term, we predict an increase of 6.8 per cent in the average number of pigs born in 2021.
Figure 17 National pig stock sales and growth trends: 2.32021 is expected to continue with a high profile. In January-November 2020, the country produced 31.35 million tons of egg feed, an increase of 11.7 per cent, and the country ' s meat.
Forage production of 85.16 million tons, an increase of 12 per cent over the same year, continued the fast-growing situation in 2019. In 2020, the supply of 60.707 million chicken seedlings for White Qui parents increased by 24.4 per cent over the same period.
Ten thousand, with 4.6% growth in the same year, the yellow feathers have 13,56 million units of ancestral chicken stock, a decline of 3.7% in the same year, and the yellow plumes are almost equal. Overall, the bird stock is expected to continue to be high in 2021.
Figure 19 Trends in sales of chicken seedlings by white feather parents across the country, 10,000 sets, Figure 21 Trends in production and growth of meat feed across the country, Figure 22 Trends in production and growth of eggs and poultry feed.
In 1978-2018, our production of water products rose from 4.65 million tons to 6,458 million tons, with annual compound growth.
With a 6.8 per cent rate, aquaculture production rose from 1.21 million tons to 4991 million tons per year, with an annual compound growth rate of 9.7 per cent. Of this, aquaculture was fast-paced and long-term, with an annual composite growth rate of 14.2 per cent in 1998-2000 and a steady growth rate of 4.5 per cent in 2001-2018.
Chart 24: Production and growth of our artisanal aquaculture products Chart 23: Production and growth of our water products Chart 23: Production of our water products from 2002 to 2019 increased from 7.24 million tons to 2.203 million tons, with annual compound growth rates
Aquaculture sales of 2.25 million tons, a 5 per cent decline from the same year, are, in our view, continuing to slow down or even fall, linked to the rising consumption of water products and the gradual shrinking of traditional farm varieties. Traditional herds of herds, mackerel, mackerel, carp, mackerel, raffle, etc.
At a time when the demand for special water products of high nutritional value is rising, it creates a good environment for special aquaculture. Special aquaculture animals are edible basically by meat or meat, and traditional farming is mainly based on the feeding of fresh and ice fish. However, the use of fish-fed farming leads to waste of resources, environmental pollution, and disease outbreaks.
In addition, the low-cost advantage of feeding fresh fish to farming is being lost as the fish are caught in large quantities, resources are reduced, prices are rising. The tendency to replace fresh fish with special aquatic products is irreversible, based on environmental considerations, safety, economic efficiency, and sustainable development.
According to data provided by the Chinese Association of Feeding Industries, the production of special aqueous forage has increased from 75.24 million tons in 2006 to 1.73 million tons in 2018, with a compound annual growth rate of 7.2%, which is higher than the 4.9% compound growth rate for the same period in the aquaculture industry.
While freshwater varieties such as trout have a high feed prevalence rate, seawater fish are still less likely to feed together, and marine fish such as peafish, big yellow fish, are only 20 per cent more likely to feed together. The transformation of the special aquaculture approach will provide a huge market space for special aquatic products and feed production enterprises.
Chart 25: Production and growth of aquatic feed in China Chart 27: Production and growth of special aquatic products Chart 3 Full cycle of feed, clear product strength and excellence
The Department ' s Core Competitiveness 3.1 Development Strategy: China ' s leading, sustainable, high-tech agricultural and livestock company was formally established in early 1998 by the Guangzhou Sea Feeding Company. After more than 20 years of development, the company achieved its goal.
Aquatic precipitous to fresh water fish, fish for sea, shrimp, all kinds of hydro-fed feed, from the core of aquatic feed, to the advantage of animal feed, from simple feed operations to the capacity of integrated services such as seedlings, kinetic conservation, farming technology services for farmers, from South China to China, East China, North China and South-East Asia and South America.
The company's development strategy is to become China's leading, sustainable, high-tech agricultural and pastoral company, whose development is based on “creating value for customers”. The company is closely tied to the farming chain and provides farmers with comprehensive solutions, including feed, seedlings, motor security, farming technology services, and financial services for farmers, distributors, etc.
The basic strategy for the development of the company's industrial chain is to scale on the basis of specialization and extend the production chain on the basis of core competitiveness. The company will use feed products as its core business, while actively developing raw materials, dynamic security, seedlings, breeding.
Businesses such as Xing, circulation, food processing, etc., develop expertise in the corporate whole-of-the-industry chain and build integrated core competitiveness in the industrial chain. 3.2 Forage products are organized throughout the cycle, with clear product strength and excellence in core corporate competition.
In 1998, after three years, the company, in collaboration with China-China, and China-China-China-China-China-based higher-level institutions, had the highest volume of fodder and continued to grow through a high cycle, and in 1998 it had begun to start from the water-related mix, which had reached the highest level in the country.
First, the company entered the area of fresh water fish for feed, shrimp and inflated fish on a mixed basis, and in 2011 it was the country ' s number one. In 2006-2019, the sales of water forage increased significantly from 267,000 tons to 3,514,000 tons, with an annual compound growth rate of 21.9 per cent, and in 2019, the sales of water forage for the company accounted for the national sales of water.
At the beginning of 2004, the company moved into the chicken sector, where chicken sales were ranked first in 2006 in the Guangdong region, duck sales second in 2009 in the Guangdong region, and sales of corporate poultry increased significantly from 32.1 million tons to 71.15 million tons in 2006-2019, with an annual compound growth rate of 26.9 per cent and corporate poultry sales dominated in 2019.
2.32 million tons, with an annual compound growth rate of 35.9 per cent and a corresponding decline in sales of pigs in 2019 due to a non-pest disease 28 per cent, and in 2019 the share of sales of pig stock in the country ' s pig stock reached 2.2 per cent.
Annual feed sales reached 14.7 million tons, an increase of about 20 per cent over the same year.
Figure 31: Trends in Aquatic Feeding, Chart 32: Trends in poultry sales, Chart 33: Trends in pig food sales
Figure 34 Regional revenue ratios, Figure 36 Māori rates for feed operations, Chart 35 for all types of feed sales
Companies are committed to building a visible expression of productivity that is significantly ahead of their competitors, and invest heavily in strengthening them. High-end products, while high-priced, have clear advantages in animal survival, growth efficiency and growth efficiency, have a strong branding effect; middle-end products are close to those of competitors on the basis of guaranteed lead production efficiency.
Prices are priced, and the value of the outstanding product is pursued. When the industry as a whole is well-rewarded, the company’s clients, supported by a combination of products, are able to earn significantly more than the share of the same kind of farmer; when the industry’s farm productivity falls and even loses the industry as a whole, the company’s customers are less, if not less.
The demonstration of product strength requires the support of various professional capabilities within the company: research and development capacity for animal nutrition and feedstock use, technical capacity for product formulation, purchasing capacity for raw material value, efficient in-house operating capacity, etc..1
The professional competence of the company ' s procurement team, the division of labour by category of raw materials, the broad industry perspective, the high volume of information gathering and analysis, the ability to track, study and judge in real time the movement of large quantities of raw materials, both domestic and foreign, and the use of futures tools to hedge large volumes of raw materials to effectively control the price risks and head of purchases
Inch risk. A prominent procurement capacity can identify numerous opportunities for the procurement of raw materials, making possible the cost advantage of trade in feed products and raw materials. Companies are the first firms in the industry to successfully centralize their purchases, with clear procurement advantages of scale, and with experience in the use of a combination of procurement tools such as spot, futures, options, etc.
The company also has a “one-size-fits-all” fast-tracking mechanism. Purchasing staff can buy cost-effective raw materials based on demand and when procurement staff find low-cost procurement opportunities for alternative raw materials in the market.
(b) Market service personnel are able to communicate market demand clearly to formulae, while keeping track of farming under change in feedback formulas so that formulas can be further optimized by formulas based on farming conditions; and internal operations are able to respond to formulas in a timely manner.
On a fast-track basis, it ensures the best value for the company’s products, gives full expression to the strong operational strength of the company’s products, and combines farming technical services.
By enabling management software such as sap, ps, etc. to land, companies have stronger information systems, and internal operations are moving towards process, standardization, and digitalization. Dataization is used to identify efficient energy-saving operations by comparing large numbers of molecules; processation, standardization is used to make internal replicability possible.
Efficient operation is an important support for the effective organization of specialized production of all types of products. In 2006, companies took the lead in offering comprehensive technical services to farmers and positioned them as service enterprises that offer integrated farming solutions to farmers.
The company has more than 6,000 service teams with the most experienced and passionate services in the industry; and it combines them with the following:
Local characteristics accumulate a variety of sophisticated farming models; there are hundreds of highly efficient service stations in intensive farming areas throughout the country that can simultaneously provide technical services to tens of thousands of farmers.
The full range of farming technology services has become an important brand label for the company, an important catcher for the company to acquire customers and improve their viscousness.
Figure 37 Trends in the number of sales personnel in companies focuses on research and development, and the “formula-procurement” interface is flexible. Companies attach great importance to research and development (R & D) as a basis for survival and continue to expand their R & D inputs.
In the R & D team, 71 PhDs and 807 M.A.s. R & D personnel include multidisciplinary personnel such as animal nutrition, veterinarians, reproductive selection, farming models, bioengineering, biochemistry, mechanics, etc., and provide a sufficient human resource base for the company ' s R & D system.
The company has set up a three-tier R & D system: a first-tier R & D system for future development, addressing potential problems, stocking and sustaining forces; a second-tier R & D system that is market-oriented, reducing the cost of products and keeping up with market demand; a third-tier R & D system that is face-to-face with end-owners, improving farm productivity and generating value for their owners.
With regard to feed formulation techniques, the company has developed a series of comparative experiments over more than two decades to supplement it with a database of animal core nutritional needs and raw materials, in order to translate the technology into production research cooperation with more than 50 universities and research institutes in the country and abroad.
Co-operation in the field of production and research, including co-construction research and co-operation bases, matriculation stations, priority laboratories, etc., to address key, common, forward-looking and emergency issues in the industry.
The Resource Management Centre has become a strong research and development agency for the feed industry, with new results.
Chart 42, R & D system, Figure 44, Scientific power, Figure 45, Scientific results.
Incentives are being introduced on a continuous basis to closely bind the long-term interests of the company and its core team, and to promote the long-term development of the company.
Incentives, including managers and core technicians, of 121, 466 and 1373, combined incentivizing the total shareholding scheme (the latter three are the core team holding scheme), directed at directors, managers and some core staff, with a total of 44.92 million shares held through the corresponding asset management plan.
Incentives for companies to establish shareholder and core employee benefit-sharing mechanisms to continuously improve corporate governance, team cohesion and firm core competitiveness, promote long-term, sustained and healthy development of companies, and allocate specific funds, as well as legal remuneration of employees, and other forms of financing allowed by laws and administrative regulations.
The first special-purpose fund is for companies to draw $12 million, or approximately 1.54 per cent of the net profit in 2015, based on the company ' s operations in 2016; subsequent earmarked funds are to be drawn in proportion to annual net profit increases and are to be calculated on the basis of the net profit in the previous year.
In addition, the respective shares of the equity plan in each equity-holding plan will be attributed on a yearly basis through three attribution periods to the holder. The respective shares will be attributed to 40 per cent, 30 per cent and 30 per cent, respectively, of which the first two belongable interests.
At the end of the day, the third period of membership was open and open, with shares flowing from the date of belonging, 3.3 pig farming growing growing steadily, and the company was growing rapidly around the feed industry, production of pig farming, aquaculture seedlings, meat and poultry slaughtering, and the trade of raw materials.
(a) Downstream industrial chains, with synergies with feed operations. 3.3.1 Agricultural marketing: pig farming is expanding steadily and meat and poultry processing is growing at a high rate.
The business of pig farming is a start-up business for companies, and the development of pig farming is an important initiative to further improve the company’s profitability and its overall competitiveness in the entire industry chain.
Strategic cooperation agreements have steadily expanded investment in pig farms. The new company farming project 2018-2020.6 has increased the value of construction work to 255 million yuan, 394 million yuan and 269 million yuan, respectively, and the amount of construction work has been consolidated, so as to increase the value of the hog's inventory from 121 million yuan to 194 million yuan at the end of the period.
The company has established a breeding model supported by “integrated subsistence.” Under the “company plus farm” model, the company produces pigs from its own pig farm or from outside suppliers.
Purchasing piglets, after which they are given fertilization by farmers in accordance with the company’s uniform standards of farming, the company organizes the recycling of external sales and pays farmers for surrogates based on indicators such as meat ratio, survival rates, etc. Under the “integrated self-sufficiency” model, the company itself breeds piglets, and the company has established the “grand-parent-commodity” integrated commodity pig.
From 2016 to 2019, the number of pigs produced by companies rose steadily from 320,000 to around 700,000, corresponding to a rise in sales revenue from 667 million to 1,371 million. The size of the stock of 3 million live pigs can be managed with more than 60 veters available in China, with a strong tooth-drawn technique, and about 1 million pigs sold by the company in 2020.
Figure 53 shows the proportion of self-sustaining, corporate + farm households. Figure 52 shows the number of pigs born. 2 types of seedlings increase special aquatic breeding and poultry processing income is growing at a high rate.
The company ' s aquatic seedling operations include shrimp seedlings and fish seedlings: in the case of shrimp seedlings, the company has developed a model of controllable and standardized management of breeding, controllability and reproduction, and has made a major breakthrough in the breeding of shrimps, which are gradually starting to take advantage of their own breeding systems; in the case of fish seedlings, the company has removed the existing species of grassfish, shoals, shoppers, raffles, yellow shoals, etc.
In addition to increasing the breeding and reproduction of special aquatic products such as California bass, raw fish, sea bass, pebbles, peafish, lobsters, etc., research and development breakthroughs will work with the company’s special aqueous feed and dynamic conservation products to form an industrial chain advantage for farmers. The company’s sales of aqueous seedlings are based on the company’s own feed distribution channels throughout the country and will be directed to the terminal through distributors.
In addition, since 2017, companies have set up meat-duck slaughtering and processing plants in Shandong, and in 2018, companies have been carrying out conservation products, mainly microecological products, vaccines and veterinary drugs for aquaculture and livestock.
Aquatic protection has developed over the years and has developed a well-developed system of services and good internal distribution channels, with a strong value for money for core products and a steady rise in market ownership. In recent years, companies have been stockpiling and upgrading their capacity for livestock conservation research and development, production, and supply, and in 2019 established a system of animal protection services, which will be implemented through effective organization.
The income from the company’s campaign has risen from $6.52 million in 2007 to $574 million in 2019, a year-on-year compound increase of 3.3.3 in the company’s raw materials trading business, with a negative rate in 2015 alone.
The company trades mainly in raw materials such as maize, fish flour, and the company has the advantage of centralized purchasing, scale purchasing, and now combined procurement costs to meet the demand for raw materials in-house while selling raw materials to other feed companies and raw material traders.
• The company issued a long-term performance report for the year 2020: $60.480 billion in operating income in 2020, 27 per cent in comparison with the previous year, $2.50 billion in net profit from the mother, 51.6 per cent compared with the previous year, and $158 per cent compared with the previous year
At the industry level, the growth of the industry is dependent on the production of special aquatic products.
Feeding products are well organized, growing through cycles, with clear product strength and excellence in the core competitiveness of the firm. Forage sales fall short of expectations; disease; and good industry analysis team awards.
The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, directly or indirectly, the result of specific recommendations or views in this report.