The company is China's leading integrated Internet wealth management operator, whose main business includes securities services and securities.
Financial e-commerce services, financial data services, Internet advertising services, etc., cover a number of segmented markets such as Internet securities and Internet fund sales. From 2016 to 2020, corporate gross operating income cagr has grown rapidly based on flow-constrained securities services, with daily fund networks leading the market of scale.
Securities services and financial e-commerce services are currently the main means of liquidity. In 2020, Eastern wealth securities achieved operating revenues of $4,598 million, representing a net profit of 2,891 million yuan. According to corporate announcements, in September 2020, Eastern wealth securities achieved a market share of 1.80 per cent of mixed business.
With regard to business services, the number of online corporate funds and the number of their products are on the top line of the industry. At the end of the first quarter of 2021, the size of the Daily Fund equity and mixed funds was $375 billion, while the size of the non-monetary market base was $43.24 billion, which is the fifth largest in a sales agency's public fund.
The business map continues to expand effectively, and asset management operations are gradually falling into the ground, with the growing demand for wealth management in China, and companies are expected to expand their operations from financial and economic information, fund sales and securities services to asset management with the accumulation and impact of large-volume user flows.
McKinsey expects the Chinese wealth management market to reach about 10% by 2025, and the market is expected to reach 3.3 trillion yuan in size. According to the data from the visual analysis, our Internet wealth management city, The National Dollar Securities Corporation, Research East Wealth, 2020 (300059.sz)
In October 2018, the company was approved to set up the Tibetan Eastern Monetary Fund Management Company Limited (TDFC), a company that has been operating since the beginning of the 2013-2019 financial year, with a rapid increase in the size of the field, which reached 49.99% in 2013 and the market size of 2019, and the first quarter of 2021, in which it reported an over-expected increase in performance and the fund was replaced by over $7 trillion.
A solid foundation for future asset management operations is laid in the area of formal recruitment funds.
The company is the scarcer Internet service platform in the market, providing large-scale users with financial products and services based on Internet platform applications, with a wider future of growth.
Given the healthy development of China's capital markets, the future growth of companies is more certain, and the growth of stock exchanges in the domestic securities market has been lower than expected: increased competition in the securities sector: more competition in the fund market; tighter financial regulation and policy regulations; and less than expected growth in asset management operations.
1. China ' s leading Internet wealth management integrated operator, a leading Internet wealth management integrated operator in China, and its main business covering Internet securities and the Internet
The company was formerly Shanghai Treasure Information Technology Ltd., renamed Eastern Wealth Information Company Ltd. in January 2008, and successfully landed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in March 2010. The company owns securities, fund sales, financial data, Internet advertising, futures brokers, public fund-raising funds, etc.
Financial transactions, transactions, queries, information browsing, community exchanges, data support, etc., are offered to large users on a full-scale, one-stop-shop basis.
In April 2021, the company issued a note on the issuance of convertable corporate bonds by Eastern Wealth Information Inc.. As of the end of September 2020, there were 166 stock offices in the country ' s main provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions, in Shanghai, Henan, Shandong, Fujian and North.
In recent years, companies have continued to increase their strategic inputs, extend and refine the service chain, enhance brand promotion, and, in the first place, have achieved rapid growth with a gross operating income of 36.81 per cent, excluding net profit from the parent.
67.74 per cent. In 2020, revenues related to corporate securities services and financial e-commerce services increased substantially in comparison with the previous year, bringing total operating income to $8,239 million, or 94.69 per cent, and net non-parental benefits to $4,711 million, or 163.98 per cent, further consolidating the firm ' s core competitiveness and industry position.
Figure 2: Gross operating income versus Māori sales. Currently, the company ' s main operations include financial data services, Internet advertising services, financial electronics services and securities services.
With the shift in corporate strategic focus, the share of revenues from financial data services has declined. In 2016-2019, the industry generated $106 million in revenues from Internet advertising services in 2020, an increase of 21.53 per cent over the same period.
Financial e-commerce services are mainly fund sales, embodying highly beta properties. According to the company announcement, in 2015, the cattle market triggered a boom in corporate performance in financial e-commerce services, generating revenue of 2,442 million yuan.
In 2016, as a result of the decline in the capital market climate, the volume of revenues from financial e-commerce services declined and, since 2018, the revenue from the business has returned to the growth path.
In 2020, corporate R & D investments reached $378 million, tracking and capturing cutting-edge technology and developments in the industry, further strengthening R & D inputs and building on new products.
R & D and technology storage, upgrading the quality and quality of services provided by large platforms, and laying a solid foundation for the company’s overall strategic goal of achieving one-stop Internet service. In 2020, the company acquired 55 new trademarks and software, which have improved significantly in terms of net operating cash flows over the last three years from 2016 to 2017.
Net operating cash flows from 2018 to 2019 were more than twice as high as net non-mortality profits. In 2020, net public/division cash flows amounted to $4,529 million, slightly less than net non-mortality profits.
Large Internet service platforms, such as financial terminal and mobile end-of-pipe platforms, provide large-scale users with products and services based on the applications of interconnectivity platforms. The Internet service platforms run by companies, with the Eastern Wealth Network at their core, have become one of the most accessed and sticky Internet service platforms in the country.
The Internet, the Sky Fund Network, and stock cafes, among others, have a long-standing competitive advantage over the number of users and their consistency, and have a market leader, forming the core competitiveness of companies. In 2012 and before, firms have accumulated raw user flows, financial data, by providing services such as financial information to users.
As a result of the company’s overall distribution of financial operations, such as fund sales, securities services, and the active search for liquidity, the share of revenues from financial data services and Internet advertising services has declined, from 3.57 per cent in 2020 to only 3.57 per cent in 2020.
From the accumulation of the flow to the realization of the flow, the company continues to expand its financial business profile. At present, in the company’s business section, the gold integrated data service is primarily responsible for the accumulation of raw flows, which has led to a growing user base; and financial e-commerce uniforms.
In June 2021, the Eastern Wealth International Securities Corporation Ltd. was changed to Hafou Securities Limited.
The Division, which is expected to expand its market outreach abroad, is mainly based on a financial data terminal service platform, which provides specialized financial data services to large-scale users through pc end-to-end and mobile end-to-end platforms.
Financial data products are both a flow entrance and a means of liquidating the flow. At present, the standard version of domestic financial data terminals is offered at a cost of 5800 yuan per year, with higher prices. East wealth pc clients, apps, are free products, open accounts to attract investors, and Eastern wealth securities are accompanied by mobile phone level-2, shortline radar,
Value-added services, such as dk passwords, with greater preferences than traditional coupons, initially achieved institutional and professional interfaces 15:choice financial terminals. In the future, companies will continue to enrich and upgrade financial data services and enhance research and development and innovation for personal end-products.
Work to continuously improve user experience and product service capabilities, while optimizing and improving the professional services of the school data, further raising product interest and impact.
The business mainly provides Internet advertising services to clients on the “Oriental Wealth Network” and on pages such as professional channels, interactive communities, through such expressions as text chains, pictures, and rich media. Companies are actively following market trends and, while serving existing clients, are focusing on digging and developing other industries.
The company selects target sales areas based mainly on indicators such as the level of economic development in each region, the extent of Internet development and the number of potential advertisers, meets regularly on a quarterly basis to adjust and determine advertising pricing for different advertising positions, and develops a comprehensive after-sales service system.
1.2.3 Financial e-commerce services operations, which provide third-party sales services to users, mainly through the Sky Fund Network.
Obtaining a PGF license is strategic for the construction and improvement of a corporate one-stop Internet financial services platform. In October 2018, companies were given PFP license plates, allowing companies to design their own products and sell them abroad.
The establishment of a fund management firm has helped companies to seize the historic opportunity of a vibrant Internet finance industry to further expand the range of services provided by the corporate Internet financial services platform, further extend and refine the service chain, and step up the firm ' s core competitiveness.
The Fund’s proceeds are mainly sales services, subscription/requirement, foreclosure and management fees, of which sales service fees and requisitions are attributed to the sales agency, while management fees and foreclosures are shared by the fund company on a pro rata basis.
1.2.4 Securities brokerage operations of companies based mainly on Internet service platforms and branches of major central cities throughout the country, with companies with relevant business plates such as Eastern Wealth Securities, Eastern Wealth Futures and Haffou Securities for large quantities
According to the company ' s annual report of 2020, Eastern wealth securities achieved operating income of $4,598 million in 2020, an increase of 74.56 per cent in the same year, and net profits of $2,891 million, an increase of 101.74 per cent in the same year. To meet the demand of large-volume users, the company continuously improves the layout of its business points and enhances the overall service capacity of its securities operations.
As of September 2020, the company had an additional business department to 166. Moreover, the opening of the finance coupon still needs to be done at the offline point, and the addition of the business department has allowed the company to further expand its market share of the business.
In April 2021, in order to promote the rejuvenation of the management team, he resigned from the post of Managing Director and continued to serve as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Head of the Board ' s Strategic Committee, Nomination Committee and Commissioner for Remuneration and Examinations.
On April 20, 20, 2021, the company issued a " Notice of the Listing of Convertable Corporate Bonds by the Enterprise Board to Non-Specific Targets " . The total amount of funds raised (including the cost of issuance) in the current issue was RMB 15,800 million. The net amount raised after deduction of the costs of issuance would be used to supplement the operating funds of the Eastern Wealth Securities of the Company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary.
To enhance its risk-resistant capacity by pursuing its business development; to replenish the capital of Eastern wealth securities after conversion to equity, in accordance with the relevant regulatory requirements, in order to expand the size of the business, optimize its structure and improve its overall competitiveness.
The main purposes for which funds will be raised are: (1) to invest up to $14 billion in easy-to-trade operations and to expand the size of the finance voucher operations; and (2) to expand the scope of portfolio investment operations up to $1.8 billion.
China’s financial information service industry, which began in the 1990’s, was in the early 1990’s and pre-2005 period of industrial creation and market development, constrained by the size of capital markets, the variety of financial transactions, and the size and level of technology of the enterprise’s own capital. In 2005, the equity-sharing reform was launched, and China’s financial information services industry entered a rapid, long-term process: though it had experienced full, it had experienced a full-time transition.
China’s macroeconomic growth has remained steady, driving financial markets to continue steady growth, the size of markets has gradually expanded, and financial products have become richer. At the same time, domestic technologies such as the Internet, artificial intelligence, etc., have become more sophisticated, network bandwidth has increased, and network transmission has increased.
The emergence of innovative financial products will further contribute to the diversification and diversification of user demand. In March 2021, the Tenth National People’s Congress, at its fourth session, adopted the tenth National Economic and Social Development of the Nation.
The four five-year plan and the resolution on the Vision 2035 outline provide a comprehensive blueprint for the country’s new course of development, setting the direction for the future development of capital markets. Prime Minister Li Keqiang, in his 2021 report on the work of the government, suggested that the reform of the registration system should be steadily advanced, that the normal de-marketing mechanism should be improved, that the bond market should be strengthened and that it should be better built.
To play a multi-layered role in capital markets and expand access to financing for market players. As capital market reforms deepen, capital market fundamentals improve, and participants in the financial information services sector are expected to keep pace with the times, accelerating the pace of 2.1 industry characteristics: high barriers to quality track
In recent years, with the rapid globalization of the economy and the steady growth of the country’s economy, users’ demand for financial information services has grown. Financial information services firms have responded to the times’ development needs, improving data analysis and processing techniques, developing a variety of innovative products, and expanding their industries.
Figure 22: Trends in the development of the financial information services industry Technical specialization Product enrichment
Users matured in the accumulation of more financial information products, based on Chinese Internet information.
As the population's investment needs rise, after many years of development, the new generation of information technology in the industry has been growing rapidly.
At the same time, the user's heart reports show that, as of grade, the average investor's vs. the middle-to-high-end
In December 2020, the Internet in our country began to spread and integrate new ideas into the world.
The demand for financial information products is continuing, and there will be a gradual differentiation in the status of financial information products in terms of their needs.
The technological architecture of the software, its tact, its clarity, its in-depth understanding, and the size of its financial users are 170 million people.
Increased; as the securities industry creates, the dominant firms will use their own models, models, products.
There's a high growth trend, interconnections, new developments, in addition to stocks, funds, maturity and rationality.
Financial letters will be based on their own needs for use.
Securities information services are gradually being integrated, Internet finance is 17.20 per cent, and branding is growing.
Interest service providers need to improve their numbers constantly, and there's a lot of room for upscaling.
Disparities between other enterprises in the industry, exchange and compression techniques, and financing coupons, equity, futures, etc.
And use the habit of screening, selecting products, growing and large-based portfolio investment, acquisitions and mergers in the industry.
To upgrade data analysis, storage techniques, Internet finance users, and to serve financial information
And so will the products, the securities information products, the industrial clusters, and the data transfer technology.
There is a growing willingness to pay, as well.
Industry is characterized by a single technology, a single product, a multiplicity of products, fast change, etc. Speeding up multi-technology, integration, etc.
The six main industrial barriers are firmly entrenched. After years of development, our financial information services industry has gone through a small-scale development phase, with the main service providers in the industry pre-empting, leading in the industry, and new entrants facing higher entry barriers.
Figure 23: Collapse of barriers in the financial information services sector 2.2 Competition patterns: differentiation of products and services, scale of operations in the financial information services sector in China against the backdrop of capital market booms and the growing technological maturity of the int
Rapid expansion, growing variety of products, the emergence of major business models and profit models in the industry, and the emergence of a group of enterprises represented by companies, homogenous, etc. The voucher trading system is based on the Internet, with software terminals as vehicles for financial institutions, such as securities dealers, selling their transactions.
The model has a low threshold and a high level of competition, but professional content services need to accumulate over a long period of time, and new entrants have difficulty in forming a certain size of user in the short term.
At this stage, companies in the industry are being approached in different ways. The main ways of receiving clients can be: working with mobile operators, mobile operators, and other financial institutions such as securities companies, foundations, etc.: working with mainstream search firms, financial forums, etc., to increase the promotion of free-of-charge customer products, thereby building up customers for follow-up payments.
2.3 Market space: Growing with capital markets Stock market climates provide vast development space for financial information service enterprises. According to data submitted, stock-sharing reforms in 2005 have led to an upward trend in the cumulative turnover of sharesa
Over the next three years, the stock market has become more active, and so will its demand for financial information services. The total size of the fund and the number of new funds that have been created have increased rapidly, further stimulating the demand for its sales.
As of the end of 2020, there were 7913 public fund products in our securities market, with net assets amounting to RMB 89,1491 million, with shares amounting to 17,034,652 million. The share and interests of public funds are being distributed. China’s financial information service industry is growing steadily. There is much room for growth.
The services sector has been growing for many years, and the business model and the profit model have been largely well developed. According to Sadie’s consultant, the market size of China’s financial information services sector is expected to be 38 billion yuan in 2020, an increase of 20.63 per cent compared to the previous year, with the expected growth of the market size of the financial information services sector to 42 billion yuan in 2021.
The development of capital markets and the scope for sustained growth in the future are wide. 2.4 Development trends: accelerated Internet financial penetration, continued growth in Internet penetration and the size of mobile Internet users, providing a customer base for mobile-end financial information services.
As of December 2020, according to cnic, the number of Internet users in the country stood at approximately 989 million, compared to 85 million in December 2019 and 70.40 per cent of Internet penetration.
The monthly rate of 81.00 per cent rose to 99.70 per cent in December 2020, and the proportion of Internet users using mobile phones continued to rise, contributing to the continuous innovation of mobile-end financial information services products.
China’s Internet finance users continue to grow in size, and Internet finance habits are gradually being cultivated. According to cninic data, since 2018, China’s Internet finance producers have been stable at more than 140 million people.
The Internet finance model has the advantage of low transaction costs, efficiency, and wide coverage over traditional financial models.
The process is standardised by the computer, the user completes the information sorting, matching, and trading, and the absence of traditional intermediaries makes the process faster and the user’s diversity needs can be better met.
Deeply aware of the accumulation of flows + the realization of the chain of services gradually extending through the three main flow portals of the Eastern Wealth Network, the Sky Fund Network and the StockCafé to attract large, highly sticky user groups and accumulate large customer flows through the sale of financial data terminals for the company.
On the basis of the advantages of the flow, the company actively expands its operating boundaries by obtaining financial plates such as fund sales plates, certificates, vouchers, etc. Since then, the company has actively distributed public funds and insurance brokerages, helping it expand its operations to wealth management and creating a one-stop platform for residents to manage their finances.
The management of the biosphere will be completed and the professional services provided by the company will be enriched and improved in the future.
In April 2021, according to Ere, the Eastern Wealth Network, which has a monthly coverage of 6,391 million people, followed only by the new wave of wealth and access to the Internet, has a clear competitive advantage in similar sites.
The company has created an integrated financial information service platform with the Eastern Wealth Network at its core. The East Wealth Network, the Sky Fund Network, the Stock Bar are three of its core brands. The company meets user differentiation needs by providing users with financial information, fund analysis and equity interactions from the pc end and mobile end.
Accurately covering potential clients, the user resources are wide and highly sticky.
In April, the number of monthly active users of Eastern wealth amounted to 1.6186 million, the second highest in the securities service application, with a gap between the number of monthly active users of 3084.6 million homogenous flowers. At the end of the application, companies offer intelligent features such as social atmosphere and smart stock selection, which are expected to tap new flow growth points.
3.1.2 Day Fund: Continuously optimized experience, driven by user growth, the Sky Fund Network was officially launched in March 2007 as a channel of the Eastern Wealth Network, covering base gold data, investment tools, consulting interactions and fund transactions, and providing user-friendly information letters
According to the company announcement, the daily network visited daily in 2020, asking users for 2.9581 million trading days and 1,799 million non-trading days, respectively, compared to 2019.
In 2020, the Sky Fund promoted innovation and differentiation in its operations, further professionalization and individualization of services, as well as enhanced product-trading functions and enhanced capacity for one-stop-line self-associated financial services, and user experience was further enhanced.
3.1.3 Shareholdings: Precision coverage of shareholders, with a significant flow effect as one of the country's first financial and interactive communities on the Internet, the “Share Bar” has acquired a clear user access and sticky advantage in the country's main financial and economic communities and has taken a leading position in the industry.
In terms of the overall design of the website, the company's "stock bar" and "100-degree bar" are similar, with the same functions and content-oriented portals, with the effect of increasing user stickyness and sediment flow and internal transformation. No. The company will enhance the exploration of new business areas for Internet services, continuously extending and refining the service chain and widening it.
3.2 Fund sales: Public Fund holdings are at the top of the market. The number of company online funds companies and the number of fund products are at the top of the industry’s ranks, and the Fund’s products are widely available.
Fund products only. In 2020, the Sky Fund achieved a total of 60.42 million Fund recognition (requirement) and fixed-term requisition transactions, amounting to $129.709 billion, of which the non-monetary fund realized a total of 1.636764 million non-monetary fund transactions and sales of $699.72 billion.
Large-scale fund holdings are expected to generate higher follow-on commission revenue for companies and guarantee their future sustainability. According to statistics from the China Securities and Investment Association, as of March 2021, the country’s public funds were used to raise funds.
The net value of the assets is $21.56 trillion. In the size of the sales of public funds, independent fund sales agencies are ranked fifth in the fifth place, in terms of the size of the sales holdings, the size of the equity plus mixed public funds of the Sky Fund is $375 billion, and the size of the non-monetary market public funds is $432.4 billion.
Companies continue to strengthen innovation in products and services and to promote rapid growth in the e-commerce services of the Sky Fund. Firms maintain a focus on user demand, strengthen innovation in products and services, provide personalized, intelligent services through user image analysis, and enrich product lines, enhance overall service capacity and level, expand service coverage and use
Household experience, increased user consistency, efforts to provide better e-commerce services to large-volume users, consolidation and enhancement of 3.3 securities services: beneficial delivery dynamic, high growth in portfolio operations 2020, overall capital market climate dynamic, significant increase in stock turnover, corporate securities operations and comparisons
Revenue continues to grow rapidly. The company is now the only Internet company in the industry to obtain a full licence for its portfolio, and the implementation of securities operations has kept the diversity of its future business development and the acquisition of new flow channels at a high level, which is the central driving force behind the growth of its portfolio.
Low commissioning, low-cost promotion of brokering. The level of homogenization of services provided by securities brokerage, the overall downward trend in commission rates in the securities industry in recent years, and therefore cost control and earning capacity are particularly critical to the expansion of securities brokering and the increase in market penetration.
High-quality customer flows, cost management capabilities are more advantageous than traditional voucher dealers, and there is scope to increase the penetration rate of a share opening over a long period of time, and companies are expected to benefit in the long term.