Core Competitiveness Analysis: 1) There is a flow, April 2021, East Wealth Network, Sky Fund Network Mau score of $14.62 million and $5.19 million, ranked first in the securities class app, and users are shareholder-based, demand one
High conversion rate; 2) licensed securities (in the interior + Hong Kong), futures, public funds, etc. financial plates, efficient and continuous compliance with the liquidity path and a strong continuing performance; 3) genetics, real ownership of shareholders, knowledge of Chinese shareholders; management and core employees holding shares in the company, with greater emphasis on shareholder interests; 4) good model for producing.
Since its inception, the firm’s strategy has been clear, i.e., to aggregate the flow of information free of charge, and then to expand the business chain constantly, based on user needs. Focus on users’ experience and continuous exploitation of users’ needs.
Growth confirms the company’s strategic forward-lookingness, strong executive capacity, and excellence in the course of the race. To benefit from the growth in performance, the company will also experience declining valuation levels, which strengthen market confidence.
A small increase in profit forecasts: based on a steady increase in reporting and corporate brokerage/double shares, we have a small increase in profits from the Xiao Goose's entry-b' rating. Compared to the company, the east has a certain value premium, and we believe that the fund's head position is one of sales.
Continued steady growth in the share of brokers and the scarcity of Internet company + voucher licences provide reasonable support for their valuations Eastern wealth: the market boom and continued high performance Eastern wealth: q3 portfolio operations and fund sales booms
Eastern wealth: high market performance, securities brokers and foundations Eastern wealth: high performance, q120 net profit from mother-to-child, Eastern wealth core competitiveness
We conclude that the core competitiveness of Eastern wealth can be summarized in four broad ways: flow: the Eastern Wealth Network, China ' s largest vertical Internet finance website; and the Sky Fund Network, China ' s largest tripartite fund sales platform;
(b) Genetic: the owner's assessment of the owner's origin and knowledge of the Chinese shareholder; management and core employees hold shares in the company, which is heavier.
A good model: A product-driven, light-asset-operated, business-driven, high-human-capital model users with traditional coupons are the foundation of all operations. At present, Toyoshi has set up an Internet biosphere, has a large number of users, and has a synergistic effect of 10,000, ranking among the top securities apps.
Securities flow data certainly do not match the 800 million and 900 million users. But it is worth noting that the users of Eastern financial systems are equity-based, demand-consistency-based, with a higher rate of business transformation than the users of large factories such as Ali, tether, headline, etc.
As of the end of h121, the financial plates owned by Eastern wealth include: fund sales, securities (inland + Hong Kong), futures, public funds, insurance brokers, buyers, etc. Financial information service providers with the same size of users, such as homogeneity, intelligence, etc., which provide efficiency, efficiency, efficiency, and efficiency.
(iii) Genesis. Mr. President, founder of Eastern Wealth, born in 1970, graduated from Shanghai Transport University in 1993.
In 2005, he led a team to create the Eastern Wealth Network and join the Internet Finance and Information Service. In 2006, the stock bar came online, gradually becoming a platform for the free flow of stock information among large-scale investors.
The idea of entrepreneurship, based on the concept of “creation of new models in keeping with market demand” and “user experience first,” shapes competitive power in the market. Indeed, management, as real controllers and major shareholders, holds 24.3% of the shares; and management, such as Bao Xingqing, Stea, and Lu Wai, hold the same company.
(iv) A good model that is different from a business-driven, high human cost, and a product-driven Eastern wealth that benefits from its own strong and large Internet channels and achieves a low-cost, high-morigin business model.
The securities industry is governed by net capital. Under capital constraints, traditional bond dealers are required to continue to finance the roe.
Figure 6: Comparison of Eastern Wealth with Head Bonders ' Effective Leverage Rate (end 2020) Figure 7: Comparison of Eastern Wealth 2020 with 2021eroe with Listed Bonders
The total market value of Eastern wealth is now close to 350 billion, surpassing all traditional bond dealers, equivalent to Sino-Chinese securities plus industrial securities, equivalent to Thai-King-An-War-Thai securities plus Eastern securities, or 7 ho-soons and 10 national gold securities. We believe that companies gain market recognition, mainly in two ways:
Strategic vision, doing the right thing; shattering the question with performance. (i) The strategic strength of Toyochi.
The Eastern Wealth Network, the Sky Fund Network, has long provided users with free, timely, professional, and substantial financial and investment information. While free information does not directly generate business income, it has facilitated access to the site, effective time and day.
A significant increase in indicators, such as page numbers, has helped to pool and increase the resources of corporate users.In summary, the Eastern fortunes have been expanding their operations around equity needs, moving towards liquidity, and the historical process has been roughly four steps ahead.
Prior to 2012, company performance was largely the result of advertising and financial data services, and so far, the intelligence, the compass, and the shareholders of the alliance have diversified, and advertising posts have become the market for their own business, and there is a relatively small volume of sales relative to securities and funds. At present, the combined revenue from corporate advertising and financial data services is about 300 million yuan/year, with 3 per cent of the revenue.
In February 2012, after the first third-party fund sales licence in the Eastern Treasury, the country ' s largest mutual fund supermarkets were built gradually over the years and became an important player in the company ' s development of wealth management.
In 2020, the Eastern Fiscal Fund earned 3,166 million yuan in proceeds, or 38.42 per cent, of which 2,962 million yuan in e-commerce and 204 million yuan in the base vault. Thanks to the increased allocation of financial products by social residents, the Fund’s sales operations were the largest driver of growth in the company’s 2020-h121 industry.
At present, the proceeds of the fund are far more than traditional bond dealers, and in the third-party field, but compared to large commercial banks such as the one that recruited each other, we divide wealth management operations into three modes: financial product supermarkets: making platforms or channels, client autonomy. The advantages are low thresholds, low risk, difficulty in getting visitors;
It is also difficult to quantify the rates recommended for investment and how to upgrade and maintain the professional competence of the client. If the client’s interests are tied to the sales value, he or she becomes vulnerable to short-term behavioural damage.
Management investment: The core competencies of management can be broadly divided into financing capacity and investment capacity, while investment behaviour can be divided into broad asset allocation, stock selection and position management. For institutions with customer resources, such as banks, large Internet plants, they are often well funded and weakly invested.
Fof, the buyer's interest in this model, is very good to us. On 6th of the day, the East Fédération des Soldiers took the license plate and will be directly involved in the business of “managerial investment.”
In 2015, the company obtained a one-off change in the company as a whole through the granting of additional shares, the acquisition of 100 per cent of the shares in Tibetan identical securities, the acquisition of securities brokers, securities self-employment, financial consultants, investment advice, asset management, financing coupons, insurance and insurance licences, and the holding of 95.5 per cent of the shares in the Shanghai stock of Kushiro Futures Brokers.
The Tibetan peer-to-peer securities company, which was a relatively small domestic securities company, has been increasing its share of the brokerage market since the beginning of its currents in 2015. By the end of mid-2021, it had risen from the original 0.2% to 3.20%, and we estimate that the share of the Eastern stock market in the eastern stockbrokers has continued to grow, benefiting from the rich equity resources of the Eastern wealth network on the one hand, and the company on the other.
Since 2015, Toyo has continued to consume market shares. According to grass-roots research, China closed a one-size-new monthly account in 2021.
Our securities industry is highly regulated, making it difficult for overseas Internet fareers to occupy 85-90% of the market in a very short period of time. But, given better user experience and a variety of marketing tools, we think that in a optimistic scenario, the public is optimistic.
As a retail Internet voucher dealer, managing non-corporately focused businesses, the return on investment is largely based on liquidity management needs. Based on the company’s balance sheet, we estimate the company’s two-score market share.
For the medium to long term, as customers arrive in large numbers, buyers' investment, asset management, overseas operations are all expected to be future profit growth. Figure 13: Income structure of East Asian securities in 2020. Figure 15: Eastern wealth securities operations and income share (billions)
4. Public fund, third channel for liquidity, was established in October 2018 by the Tibetan Eastern Financial Fund, a fully financed subsidiary of Eastern wealth. As of 4 August 2021, the size of the management assets was only 3,114 million yuan, all in non-monetary terms, of which 2,534 million yuan in equity index funds and 608 million yuan in blended funds.
In 2020, the EDF achieved an operating income of $33.82 million, resulting in a loss of $4.18 million. In the short term, the PGF operations have had little impact on the company’s overall performance.
A considerable non-profit sum of $250 billion of net profits could reach about 800 million/year of net profits of 2021e; (ii) high growth in performance was a blow to the question of benefiting from an outbreak of portfolio growth and an increase in fund sales. 2018-h1221, the company ' s parent net profit continued to grow at a high rate, with the same level of growth.
Real performance growth confirms the company’s strategic forward-lookingness, strong enforcement capacity, and excellence in the course of the race. By doing so, the company has also reduced its original high valuation to a reasonable level, confirming the market’s confidence in the company’s future.
(i) Eastern wealth profitability projections, based on a steady increase in the share of reported and brokered companies, and a small increase in the share of sales. We expect companies 1, some banks, Internet platforms to increase their discounts, some even reducing the Fund ' s requisition rates to zero; sales subsidies are also available
2. The retail brokerage price battle in the securities industry continues, with a general reduction in the rate of commission for new start-ups to less than 2 per 10,000 in the industry and the removal of the minimum 5-dollar limit for some securities. Relatively homogenous, intelligent, wealthy, tiger securities, and other comparable companies within and outside the country, the level of Eastern wealth, pss
Instead, because of their competitive advantages, as well as their continuing performance, the market is generally recognized as having a certain value premium. We believe that companies do have a competitive advantage in terms of flow, license plates, genes, and good models, and they sell in public funds.
The dominant position in sales, and the steady and steady increase in the share of brokers in the securities sector, provides reasonable support for their valuation premium. In addition, companies are scarce to replicate as Internet companies acquiring coupons, and traditional coupons usually use pb valuations.
The capital markets are not as strong as expected: companies’ operations are highly correlated with the capital markets, and are characterized by a strong cycle of elasticity. If capital markets continue to be depressed, corporate performance and valuation multipliers are negatively affected.
Risk shifts down: companies are financial science and technology-type companies, and the value of Internet coupons is scarce, and the value is affected by the Ah-Technology Unit. If the value of the science and technology unit as a whole moves down, the value multipliers of the company’s valuation will also suffer. Market competition risks: regardless of whether the securities industry, the industry, the wealth management industry, the financial information industry are competitive and stock players share the same quality.
If the price war continues to deteriorate, or if the brain drain does not allow competitive products to be introduced, the public sector or the public is exposed to the risk of loss of customers and loss of profitability. The policy shift to risk: a financial license is the firm’s advantage in distinguishing itself from the main Internet competitor.
The firm’s business expansion will be limited if capital restrictions are strengthened or regulatory requirements are tightened for transactions such as the sale of financial products, securities, futures, insurance brokers, and the management of assets at the regulatory level.