The value of the “open investment platform” from the user's perspective
I. User flows: The social attributes of "share bar" bring together a large number of "investment users", and the "Sky Fund" benefits from a multiplicity of ecological currents. 1) In terms of user demand, the satisfaction of communication needs serves as a breakthrough point in the growth of the size of the users of investment social counters, with the shares emphasizing social attributes and meeting the needs of the general public compared to the information platform.
Household interaction needs, Eastern wealth mau continues to narrow the gap with the first. 2) For user groups, compared with the emphasis on learning snowballs, the share bar focuses on interaction, attracting the general public through interactive posts, and captures the huge demand for emotional interaction. 3) Day-to-day funds are the first independent marketing agency to benefit from Eastern wealth.
After 19 years, a stock climate has risen steadily. After a weakening of commissions, Eastern wealth provides a stronger incentive to open accounts through its cost advantage of investment support functions.
iii. Flow realization bis. The Fund's market “non-capital” ratio has risen to 32 per cent over 20 years, and the advantages of more specialized services are expected to contribute to the growth of holdings. 1) Stock-based, mixed funds are expected to increase as the demand for professional advice from the Fund increases.
Market penetration is rising. 3) With America’s creditworthiness, wealth management is expected to be a new engine of growth. The cost and flow advantage of the natural funds’ own channels is expected to drive wealth management into a new growth point. 4) Companies are expected to become eligible to invest in the Fund’s pilot projects and to contribute to the development of the Fund’s marketing and wealth management.
Yang Xiaofeng I. User flow: The social attributes of "Share Bar" bring together a large number of "investment users" 1.1 Investment social platform three-dimensional analysis framework: user needs + user groups + information dissemination
▪ 1.1.1 User needs: Information needs are fundamental, “investment users” pursue “communication needs” The need for public investment users to invest in social platforms can be divided into two main categories, information needs and communication needs, with particular emphasis on communication needs.
Information needs are the most basic and traditional needs of financial investment platforms, and traditional Internet finance platforms, such as easy-to-use, new-market finance, and so on, provide users with a wealth of comprehensive information and research.
With the most basic information needs, the development of the Internet has accelerated the socialization needs of users, with households no longer satisfied with access to basic information, and there is a need for a great deal of communication between “investment users” to meet their emotional and intellectual needs, making communication needs one of the most important user needs.
Investment social platforms, such as stock bars, snowballs, etc., are also emerging in the market. While ensuring a wealth of information, investment social platforms focus more on meeting the exchange needs of “investment users.”
On the flow demand side, a multi-layer interface has been established for users, providing rich forms of communication, such as discussion areas, topics, etc., to enable multiple interactions and sharing of information, thus providing a high degree of user sticky social relationships.
To the extent that Eastern wealth is at the forefront of the information needs of the user base, regardless of the level of communication, the abundance of forms of communication. The richness of the level of communication and forms of communication indirectly determines the breadth of the user’s relationship chain.
One of the central factors in the growth of the size of a social platform for investment is that, unlike acquaintances, the social platform for investment is open and the users are gathered by mutual investment interests. Users in the social platform for investment can display a multi-layered relationship of a pyramid, depending on the audience.
Flow mode: Communications with ordinary users and friends of the platform are more extensive in terms of topics and objects, dissemination of information is mostly in the form of questions and answers and interaction: and professional users such as Bigv, professional investors, etc. Communication is more concentrated in terms of topics and objects, and dissemination of information is often in the form of professional investors to ordinary people.
A user's one-way information input mode. And the breadth of the audience and the interaction of the information flow influences the breadth of the user's social relationship, and when the user's social relationship is broader, the greater the resonance of more public investment users, and thus the ability to reach more user groups and promote social networking platforms.
▪ 1.1.2 User groups: there is a high degree of differentiation in internal demand, made up of “public users” with a confluence of investment interest.
There are differences in demand and exchange needs, so the “public users” have a high demand, and as differentiated demands converge, different demands have a different circle. The knowledge available on investment can be divided into professional and non-professional investors; depending on the size of the funding.
The social platform for successful investments needs to be able to provide professional information while meeting more compartmentalized circles.
Low- and low-value non-professional investors generally account for a higher proportion of social users, with low- and medium-value non-professional investors sharing and learning after meeting basic information needs due to a lack of professional investment knowledge and professional guidance.
Demand, so a successful social platform for investment needs to be able to provide both professional investors with specialized exchanges and studies, and non-professional investors with comprehensive information and full exchange needs of users of different circles of interest, such as Eastern wealth, with differentiated demands.
If you are interested in a particular industry, a specific unit, a fund, etc., you can find the corresponding industry, a share, a fund, etc., in a share bar. 1.1.3 Information dissemination: the success of an investment social platform requires at least one in information and information exchange
Investment platforms can be divided into learning groups (one-to-one models), forums (multi-to-one models) and communication groups (one-to-one models) in meeting user exchange needs.
In terms of information, successful investment social platforms need to provide comprehensive industry information, such as stocks, funds, futures, foreign exchange, raw materials, virtual currency, etc., and to be enriched through research studies, financial news, company announcements, etc.
In terms of communication, a successful investment social platform needs to address the need for differentiated exchange of different investment interests, such as the creation of multi-form discussion areas, such as one specific unit discussion area, one specific discussion area for the industry, etc.; and reference to several major investment companies, both within and outside the country.
Conversation platforms, where we find that investing in social platforms, after meeting basic communication needs, creates characteristics of certain forms of pivot transmission that further meet the differentiated needs of users, such as etoro, which is characterized by one-to-one communication between friends, themotleyfool, the podcast (more than one pair)
As a feature, kalkine is featured in video broadcasts (more than one pair), snowballs are featured in large vs. selected investments, views output (more than one pair), and shares are featured in barmate interactions (more than one pair). 1.2 “Shareholdings”: the multiplicity of social attributes of open investment social platforms and the accumulation of a large number of user streams for companies.
1.2.1 Eastern wealth vs Investment Information Platform: In terms of user demand, Eastern wealth highlights the “equity bar” as an open investment social platform that promotes rapid growth in user size Eastern wealth: “equity bar” places greater emphasis on social attributes than other investment information platforms.
Accumulation of user flows. Eastern wealth, while meeting the information needs of public investors, provides a corresponding platform for discussion around individual sub-blocks of shares, industries, concepts, themes, etc., by highlighting the social attributes of “equity bar”, by (1) focusing on investment interests; (2) postings, etc.
Commenting on, initiating a vote, asking for a secretary, up-and-down predictions, etc., create open social relations chains, provide differentiated community forum services, and add stickyness to public domain flows through social relations chains. Thus, “shares” are important entry points for the flow of Eastern wealth.
1) pc end, according to Chinaz, the bottom of the Eastern Wealth Portal web site, the most recent month of access to the site's pip (the number of visits to the site as a percentage of the total number of visits to all sites) and the percentage of page views (the number of visits to the site as a percentage of the total number of visits to all sites)
The average number of page views per person in recent months (the same pip averages the site) is nearly 10, far more than the other subsites; in the Eastern wealth subsite, the share bar has almost a month of access to about 37 per cent of the site.
2) Mobile end, on the ui set, Eastern wealth is more focused on the social attributes of the platform than on other investment social platforms, so the Forum community of "Shack Bar" is located in the default position of the information in the unit. 3) User size ends, compared to the main investment social platform, Eastern wealth is equally better for users.
At the end of the pc, according to Chinaz, East Timor is a country that has not been able to access the Internet.
On the move, the user size index was calculated based on mau, and the Eastern wealth user size index was the top three candidates in the financial management platform, while the Eastern wealth mau was growing steadily.
1.2.2 Unit Vs invests in social platforms: in user groups, in information dissemination, the unit has a more wide range of social relationships, covering a larger group of public investment users. In the case of user groups, the unit focuses on interactive users, and snowball on learning users.
It's more attractive to people who have a higher demand for the expression of market sentiment. Public users publish more emotional posts about their behavior, events, and thus create resonance among more public users, resulting in high-frequency updates, and other public users can interact with each other.
Business investors, big v, corporate wealth, etc. publish investment-directed posts, and learner users can express their views in comment areas and interact with large v, as well as with other learning users. In terms of information dissemination, the share bar has a rich form of communication that emphasizes interaction, with snowballs focused on content operations.
The Unit’s information dissemination is more interactive and diverse, with each industry and asset class being equipped with an exclusive discussion area, with the exception of a dedicated discussion area for each unit, so that users can easily and accurately locate their interests.
High-relevant communication discussions; at the same time, the Unit has introduced interviews, topics, voting, etc., to further enhance the interactive nature of the platform. Snowball is a content operation that attracts users, with its web pages that end up in fine areas, including snowball hotspots and recommendations from human users, on the front page of the mobile end, and is popular.
Authors and popular posts are also placed in visible areas. Through a unique content screening mechanism, snowballs bring more professional and investment-oriented articles to the elite, bringing together a large number of professional investors, largev.
Thus, the Unit’s emphasis on interaction attracts a large number of interactive public users, while snowball attracts a larger number of learning users by focusing on content operations. Given the larger demand for emotional interaction, the East’s wealth is growing rapidly.
Users of investment social platforms are dominated by non-professional and low-middle- and net-value investors, who are more part-time investors, with relatively limited learning time leading to learning needs that are not the main demand of most public users, and high levels of interaction that can generate more in shorter content.
The resonance of public users, which has led to the rapid expansion of the user community, we believe that “shares” capture larger demand for emotional interaction in the user-to-user exchange, and therefore have a higher width on the user-to-user circle than other investment social platforms and contribute to the size of Eastern wealth-to-user.
Continued growth, using mau to calculate the user size index, and the growing gap between Eastern wealth and the size of other investment social platforms. 1.3 days of funds: multiple applications in Eastern wealth ecosystems, and daily funds have become new user flows.
1.3.1 An early accumulation period of the day-care fund flows, and the size of the user driven by the heterogeneity of the East ' s eco-product line, the day-to-day network of funds has been building up traffic since 2007 to obtain license plates to accelerate the accumulation of traffic. The day-to-day network of funds was launched in 2007 and was initially positioned as the information platform of the fund, which builds funds.
In 2012, with the liberalization of the eligibility of third-party agencies for sales funds, the Eastern Fédération took the lead in obtaining a licence for the sale of securities investment funds. And quickly deployed Internet-based gold sales to accelerate the accumulation of flows.
At the end of pc, the wealth homepage of the East has a well-known network of natural funds and funds.
(b) On the mobile end, there is a “fund entrance” on the front page of the Eastern Wealth App, which will then guide users to the daily Fund's download page and enhance the flow effect.
The number of users of the Daily Fund has increased rapidly to calculate the size of the user index using mau, and the size of the Daily Fund's subscribers started in 2020 and is no less than the size of the Eastern Wealth App, and exceeds that of other sales agencies.
II. One of the flows realizations: the East Asian open-account incentive has a marginal cost advantage, the securities business income 2.1 the securities business users: the low commission advantage drives the first round, the flow + the marginal cost advantage drives the new one
From 2016 to 2018, at the beginning of the creation of the Eastern Stock Exchange, it benefited from the low asset-making advantage of the Internet Bonder, whose commission rate was significantly lower than the industry average, relying on a low commission rate to attract customers to open their accounts.
A new round of East Asian securities is driven by a "vertical flow support plus low-cost opening incentive system". After the current overall commission rate in the securities industry has been reduced to 10,000, the new round of East Asian securities is driven by two factors, vertical flow support and opening incentive mechanisms.
1) On the flow, the social attributes of the “equity bar” bring continuous stickyness, boosting the growth of Eastern wealth mau, building up large vertical financial flows, constantly importing public investment users into the source of Eastern wealth securities. 2) On the opening incentive, the marginal cost advantage of Eastern wealth creates a rich incentive for opening accounts.
After more than a decade of Internet financial data and investment support, Eastern wealth can provide open-account users with free additional services at a lower cost compared to other coupons. Eastern wealth provides a year-long investment guide for new-account users (valued at 1800/year).
Incentives for opening accounts, such as core insiders, vip-valued wealth of 9800/year, and technology aids (short-line radar of 8800/year) greatly exceed the traditional voucher provider that can only provide a one-month investment guide function.
Lack of security license plates, which can only be accessed into other securities opening points, can only provide less incentives or incentives that are consistent with those offered, and are therefore less favourable in opening incentives than Eastern 2.2 securities discounts with their own securities license plates: domestic stock markets are more favourable and net profits in East are still industry leaders
The domestic stock market has increased, benefiting from the growth of gdp and the future of the industry. To analyse the level of stock market convergence, the market confidence index has been calculated by average market turnover, the shock of the trade war and the epidemic has been on the rise since 2019.
The growth of future benefits is driven by the growth of gdp, and the future of the securities brokerage sector is significant. Compared to traditional coupons, the marginal cost advantage of Eastern wealth drives up net interest rates to keep the industry ahead.
In April 2015, Eastern wealth acquired Tibetan peer securities, opening up a securities dealer business. Prior to the acquisition, net interest rates for Tibetan peer securities were significantly behind industry averages.
In 2017, the East ' s net wealth interest rate reached 45%, which led to an overturn. In addition, the East ' s net wealth interest rate continued to grow, rising to 63% in 2020, keeping the industry in the lead, with a generally declining market commission rate and lower net interest rate.
In comparison with Internet investment platforms, Eastern wealth licences are more powerful than real estate. Eastern wealth is more powerful than buying Tibetan securities and acquiring coupons, compared to Internet investment without coupons.
Information platform, Eastern wealth can enhance the realization of platform user flows through voucher licences. Although Eastern wealth, due to its participation in securities business, results in a net profit margin lower than other “light assets” Internet investment information platform, Eastern wealth multi-business is on a revenue scale.
Gradually, the income gap with other Internet investment platforms rose to $8.2 billion in 2020. Third, flow realizations bis: the Fund's “non-capital” market rose to 32 per cent in 20 years, for days.
A more professional analytical advantage of the Sky Fund is expected to drive the growth of its holdings. 3.1 Fund markets: the changing style of the market is expected to drive the increase in the size of the non-monetary fund, the steady increase in the size of the market and the upward trend in the size of the non-monetary fund.
The size and share of equity-type, mixed base-based funds are on a gradual upward trend. We believe that the size and share of future non-monetary funds are expected to continue to rise as the market’s preferred style shifts.
3.2 Fund swaps: a more professional investment guidance function is expected to drive the increase in daily fund holdings 3.2.1 Fund swaps: the Sky Fund has been one of the champions of sales, with non-monetary funds becoming the new engine of growth. In June of the year, 6117 funds were sold daily, ranking first on the market.
The scale is also growing steadily, with daily fund sales reaching $1,297.8 billion in 2020, with a "one-key switch" showing professional services, and a "call-a-barrel" of the Fund's products stabilizing the system. The "call-a-barrel" function means that investors can enjoy uninterrupted returns.
In this case, the low-yield monetary fund is converted into a high-yield monetary fund at any time over the same period. With the exclusive “one-key swap function”, the “call money” achieves a high yield on the market for money products, with requisitions increasing from year to year, with annual sales exceeding $300 billion.
Figure 33: Reciprocal swaps of the Fund’s market style, which drives non-monetary funds to become new growth engines. As investors’ preferences for non-monetary fund investments rise, daily non-monetary fund sales grow each year.
In 2019, the share of daily fund non-monetary fund sales exceeded that of the IMF for the first time, and in 2020, the daily fund non-monetary fund sales were $6,09.1 billion, an increase of 86 per cent, or 54 per cent of total sales, and non-monetary fund sales grew rapidly.
To boost the growth in income from the fund’s sales operations, the firm’s sales business grew by 2,962 million yuan over 20 years, a 140 per cent increase over the same period. With the increase in the share of non-monetary funds, non-monetary fund sales are expected to become a new engine of growth in income from the fund’s sales operations.
3.2.2 Fund subservientity: the expertise of the Sky Fund is expected to contribute to a sustained increase in the size of its holdings. The Sky Fund has the exclusive advantage of “specialized fund analysis function + full range of additional services”.
But the Sky Fund Network has accumulated and acquired technological advantages with information from the multi-year fund information platform. Using its algorithmic database, it has introduced a range of professional fund analysis functions that support investment, including big vs, smart investment, fund pk and feature data.
Of which, unlike the usual input tools of other alternative platforms, the "favourable investment" does not require investors to set expectations, it can automatically track the market performance index, set the delivery strategy according to the average line, load at the lower position, and automatically stop the surplus when the higher position is withdrawn. Furthermore, space-based space
Kim's full range of additional services is also being developed. In addition to the Internet Fund sales platform, which is generally available to provide 365-day artificial customer services, the Daily Fund customizes vip additional services, and the self-selected community sharing community “doshows” improves user stickyness.
There is still room to increase the penetration of the daily fund, and professional services are expected to contribute to the increase in retention. According to the Fund Association, the first quarter of 21 years is the “Share + Mixed Public Fund” guarantee.
On a scale of $375 billion, the Daily Fund ranks 5th in the full market, about 7% of the total top 100 holdings, compared to the size of the “equity plus mixed fund” holdings of the top four institutions in the market (the Merchant Bank, the Ant Fund, the Business Bank, the Construction Bank)
39% of the top 100 sizes, with Top2 hiring banks and ant funds accounting for 12% respectively, major marketing agencies relying mainly on bank channels and payment channels for sales, which are more convenient than bank channels and payment channels, and day-to-day funds for years of information and data on the Fund.
As the market style shifts to more high-risk investment products such as non-IMF, we believe that the demand for professionalism among public users is expected to outpace the demand for convenience, thus contributing to a further increase in the penetration of daily fund holdings.
3.3 Wealth management: The success of the next extreme, 3.3.1 on wealth management or performance growth, with reference to the vanity of wealth management abroad, augurs well for the future growth of Eastern wealth, and the transition to wealth management, with reference to the good faith of the United States, is an essential path to sustained income growth in the future.
With the expansion of the Internet, the largest online securities dealer in the United States has tied traditional securities and fund operations to online trading platforms, successfully creating a platform to provide large-scale financial services to Internet-based diasporas.
Rich management companies, which start providing investment information and wealth management services, have rapidly growing asset management revenues and continue to increase as a proportion of total income. We believe that as the rate of commissions from coupons drops, the share of traditional brokers in the securities industry declines, and the brokering goes to wealth management.
China’s warming of fund markets is expected to boost the wealth-management industry. The size of the US fund market rose sharply in 1990, similar to that of the US fund market in 1990, close to China.
As of May 2021, China’s net capital market was estimated at 22.2 trillion yuan, an increase of 31 per cent over the previous year, and the return of the net value of the Fund’s market is expected to boost China’s wealth management sector.
The Eastern Wealth Fund began to issue equity and mixed funds in 2020, such as the East Wealth Medicine, the East Wealth Business Board, the East Money Quantification Selection Competition, and gradually moved from third-party fund sales to self-financing.
The number of public funds issued by the Eastern Fiscal Fund as of June 21 increased from 2 in 19 to 26 in June 21, of which equity-based and enhanced index-based funds reached 10, or 38 per cent, of the Fund, but approximately 30 per cent of asset management income compared to 20 years of creditworthiness
By comparison, the share of income from the Eastern Wealth Self-Fund operations was only 0.19 per cent, so the development potential of the Eastern Wealth Assets Management operations was considerable, with the growth of the Internet and financial integration, the commission rate declining year by year, the continued growth of the Fund's market, and the success of the credit management process expected to be the East.
▪ 3.3.2 Days of Fountain has its own channel advantage, which is expected to accelerate the development of the wealth management business, and the cost advantage of the Sky Fund platform’s own channeling and its own distribution channels.
The Fund’s sales platform includes income from a one-time subscription, requisition, foreclosure, and ongoing customer maintenance and sales services charges to the Fund’s company.
In response to a question from an investor, the chairman of the Eastern Wealth Board revealed that in the first half of 2019, the financial e-commerce service charged clients for subscriptions, requisitions, ransoms, and other financial transactions.
The client maintenance fee charged by a sales channel (a follow-on commission) is a major part of the traditional fund company’s expenses, and in 2020, the main fund company’s customer maintenance fee.
20-30% of its administrative costs, up to more than 60%. 1) At the end of the channel, the Sky Fund, as an autonomous distribution channel for Eastern wealth, allows sales costs to be absorbed internally, thereby reducing the cost of sales.
The Golden Platform, the Future East Fiscal Fund, can provide larger preferential space for one-time fees charged to clients; and, secondly, its own sales channels also offer some cost advantages in following commissions and sales services fees.
2) At the tip of the stream, the daily flow of funds through their own professional information and Eastern wealth, compared to the flow of non-investment users from other funds, such as banks, payment channels, can create a virtuous ecological closure within the platform, both in terms of its quality and at its level.
It provides high-quality flows for the sale of its own funds; compared to other foundation companies without a fund sales platform and Internet financial platforms without a professional investment community, the stability of the daily funds and the flow and cost advantages of operating them can become future capital markets for Eastern wealth.
3.4 Recent developments: Eastern Wealth Acquisition Fund investment eligibility is expected to promote marketing and wealth management. Eastern Wealth Securities became one of the second recipients of the Fund’s pilot eligibility. According to the above-mentioned certificate, 10 securities, including Eastern Wealth Securities, were awarded the Fund’s pilot operation on 2 July.
As of 2 July, 52 agencies had been eligible to invest in the Fund since the formal launch of the Fund ' s Investment Advisory Operations Pilot in October 2019.
We believe that the Fund’s focus is on investing in the need to provide expertise and to educate investors about investors. Compared to other funds, it has a strong fund and user data under the Eastern wealth banner.
The advantages of information accumulation and professional analysis, as well as the advantages of the number of users, the investment of Eastern wealth, together with the Sky Fund, can provide users with more professional services, thereby enhancing the experience of users of space-based gold and accelerating the increase in the scale of retention.
The Fund’s investments are expected to accelerate the development of its wealth-management operations. In the case of the Fund, Eastern wealth used to be largely sold through natural funds, and, with Eastern wealth gaining eligibility for the Fund’s pilot project, there is a desire to move from a pure sales model to one of “dealing plus charging charges through account management.”
The Fund ' s accumulated experience in the allocation and management of funds is expected to accelerate the development of corporate wealth management operations by countering self-financing operations that feed the economy.
Mr. Shi Jia, Director, Deputy Managing Director, Director of Finance, and Mr. Lu Wei, Secretary of the Board of Directors, submitted his resignation report to the company in writing.
The new management comes from within the company and is rejuvenated, internationalized, with a gross operating income in the east in 2018, 2019, and 2020 respectively.
▪ In terms of the composition of the business, the company's main business became a securities business and a fund sales business, with revenue from the securities business remaining at a high rate of growth in the securities services, respectively, as a result of the acquisition of Tibetan peer securities.
Business revenue and mixed interest income comprise: a boom in turnover is expected to drive growth in corporate portfolio services; and a high-activity two-way market is expected to boost growth in corporate interest income.
Fund surrogate income has increased considerably. Since corporate fund surrogate income is largely made up of tail commissions, it has a high correlation with market fund net worth, which is expected to increase in market size, based on a 80% increase in the market share, mixed fund net in June 2021.
The rapid expansion of sales operations has led to a rapid increase in the corresponding costs. At the cost rate, with the higher income from corporate fund sales and the more efficient operation of securities, revenue has increased.
The rapid upturn has led to a decline in management costs, sales costs, and research and development costs, in which domestic and foreign bond dealers, and higher net interest rates on Eastern wealth, have contributed to the sustained growth of corporate performance. ▪ On 11 July 2021, the company issued an advance performance announcement, under which the Fund was sold and insured.
Significant growth in the same scale and the same scale of portfolio operations, prompting companies in the 1h21 industry to contribute their main revenues to the proceeds of fund sales, securities brokerage operations, finance voucher operations 1) financial e-commerce services (fund sales revenue), with the company’s umbrella network of natural funds as an independent source of income
One of the leading sales agents, measured as the principal component of the non-monetary fund sales income of the Tin Fund, was positively related to the net value of the market fund, with equity-type, mixed-type fund 21q2 net value increasing by 80 per cent on a year-on-year basis in terms of net assets at the cut-off date, as the professional advantage of the Fund became apparent and
The flow import from other functions, we believe the size of the company's holdings will continue to increase, and we expect 2) revenue from securities brokerage, which can provide new users with additional services free of charge due to the high degree of stickyness of the stock bar and the cost advantages of the company's investment support functions.
It is expected to maintain a high rate of growth, which is measured to be substantially higher than the market; net interest income on the loan securities, the size of the financing voucher business and the company’s own securities brokerage; average market balance; and the company’s own cash flow are highly correlated with the securities brokering industry.
The increase in the size of the business and the subsequent expansion of the financing coupon business: the growth in the higher size of the firm’s securities brokers has also contributed to the rapid growth of the two-combined business, the same-year increase in the size of the two-concession average balances, which is calculated on the basis of the two-per-year average of the two-consolidated funds.
In terms of cash flows, the capital needs of companies have increased with the expansion of mixed operations, with the issuance of convertable corporate bonds to specific targets on 2 April 2021, raising funds of 15.8 billion yuan;
The capital supplement is expected to further expand the corporate capital business. We expect the company to operate in 21 years, as the cost of securities business is not accounted for by the operating costs of the statement, so that the company ' s operating costs are mainly those of day-to-day fund sales, with the increase in the size of day-to-day fund, and other Māori, such as advertising.
The share of the lower business ratio is decreasing, the company ' s Māori ratio is largely on the rise, and it is expected that, in terms of management costs and R & D costs, Internet attributes will result in sales costs, management costs and R & D costs of 6.5/6.3/6.1 per cent, respectively, as the size of the company ' s business increases;
▪ At the end of the valuation, we use the pe relative valuation method, based on the average pe of about 21 years of comparable companies, and we believe that Eastern wealth is the leader of domestic Internet coupons, and that Eastern wealth is more abundant than financial software service companies, and that Eastern wealth is more net than traditional coupons.
Profit margins, and therefore some brand premium, given to companies for 21 years, 60 times the price, corresponding to the target
Market competition in marketing operations may increase, affecting the share and performance of corporate funds.  Uncertainty in the value of market transactions: due to uncertainty in the value of market transactions, net value of funds, and a certain correlation between corporate securities brokerage and finance coupling operations and market transactions.
As a result of the relevance of tail commissions in corporate fund sales to net market funds, the business of wealth management is not as developed as expected: the company is currently in the early stages of development, if future sales fail to materialize, or affect the company ' s wealth management income.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment