The special chip dragon rejuvenates on 27th of September 2025, the night of September 25th of the Purple Xiaoqin launch of the Vision 2025 Stock Incentives (draft)
\triangleright Incentives Awarded 16.8 million equity options, representing 1.98 per cent of the company ' s equity, of which 156,014 million were awarded for the first time, and 466 for the first time, including company directors and senior managers
High targets show confidence, special chip taps rejuvenate. This equity incentive is first granted stock options \triangleright
30% and 20% of the power share is divided into four cycles. This incentive is scheduled to run performance tests in four fiscal years of the tenure period, accounting for the share of the power at the company level on the basis of the indicators corresponding to the level of performance each year.
Li Shauqing \triangleright shares, so far, the company has bought back 9.4859 million shares from the secondary market for this incentive scheme.
The remaining shares are not sufficient in the form of a targeted distribution of company shares to an incentive audience. The first offer of stock options. 1. Three-quarterly editions of the Purple Light (002049.sz) 2024.
For the first time, the bottom-incentive target was given stock options, all of which met the conditions for the exercise of the rights set out in this incentive plan and all of which were granted over the duration of the rights, with a total estimated amortization cost of approximately $376 million, corresponding to 2025- \triangleright
Industry, which will continue to benefit from the growth of the specialic sector and the growth of demand for alternatives to national production, maintains a “recommended” rating. Risks; and risks of new product R & D progress below expectations. Methodology and analytical logic lead to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.