Mid 2025: Special integrated circuit operations maintained strong growth and competition in the smart security chip market intensified
(b) Structural adjustment effects: special integrated circuit operations have continued to grow robustly, reaching 1,469 million yuan, corresponding to an increase of 18.09 per cent, representing an overall increase of 48.21 per cent, becoming the core engine of growth;
Smart security chip operations are affected by increased competition in the market, with revenues of $1,395 million, a decline of $1 billion from the previous year, an increase of 35.78 per cent from the same year. The reasons for the change in performance include: special integrated circuits for bulk delivery in high-end products such as cosmos fpga, storage, etc., and technical barriers to market consolidation;
While smart security chips have made a breakthrough in the promotion of new products such as esim, e450r bank card chips, traditional products are priced under pressure.
The relative decline in the rate: in the first half of 2025, the company combined Māori rate was approximately 55.56 per cent, with 71.12 per cent of the special integrated circuits remaining high, and 44.16 per cent of the smart security chip Māori, reflecting the company’s continued increase in technology inputs. Net operating cash flow of $478 million was lower than in the same year.
24.49 per cent, mainly due to the slowdown in the turnover of accounts receivable. ▪ The core competitiveness of the purple emblem continued to strengthen in the first half of 2025: the special integrated circuits area completed the new generation of key products such as high-performance fpga, space system-grade chips, and formed integrity.
Airline solution; smart safety chip for bulk supply of esim products to head cellular manufacturers, All Purple Light Micro (002049): mid-2024 report point: first ball open architecture security chip eq50r completed pilot release of bank cards; stone crystallizer
Review: Semiconductor markets are recovering steadily, with promising performance on smd 2016/2520 high-level frequency differential oscillator, with technology indicators reaching industry leaders in water. Companies use technology upgrades and product restructuring, strategies such as special chips, safety chips, etc.
• Projection of profits and investment ratings: corporate performance relative to pressure, delayed orders and special integrated circuits
The “buy-in” rating is maintained because of the fact that special integrated circuits in the country are in the lead. Prices of some products fall and risk of going to stock; 3) research and development of new products, technological upgrading, market competition, three major financial forecasting tables for purple light countries.
The monetary units of the relevant data are the renminbi, and Dong Wu Securities Company Limited, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.