The q2 performance trap is now in place, and the special integrated circuit taps are back on board.
Sub-products show that the company's integrated circuit business is home-grown, with a smooth market expansion of 25h1 with an income of $1,469 million (oy+18.09 per cent).
Chips, full-fledged car electronics, have generated $1,395 million (yoy-5.85 per cent) as a result of high market competition; and stone crystals have benefited from a robust downstream development of $151 million (yoy+35.78 per cent).
The interest rate is 56.3%, a 1.8pc decrease in the same year; the combined circuit rate is 71.12%, a 3.44pt decrease in the same year. Under the combined circuit price reduction pressure, the company boosts efficiency and the special business rate remains high. The intelligent safety chip rate is 44.16%, a 3.65pt decrease in the same year.
This is mainly due to falling product prices and the fact that new varieties have not yet had a scale effect. The crystals have remained stable overall. Sales rates have increased by 1.6 pct, to 4.7%, due to business growth, market expansion, and the scale effects of revenue growth, R&D rates, management costs.
Production delivery has accelerated and orders continue to be delivered. The company ' s 25h1 million yuan inventory is 1.7 per cent less than at the beginning of the period, of which $520 million is in products, representing an increase of 36.4 per cent compared to the beginning of the period.
We expect that the corporate equity incentive program will either be on the ground in q3 and that it will effectively boost the core cadre’s workforce motivation, thereby contributing to sustained growth. The product will continue to be renewed, with results in many areas.
Special integrated circuits. The fpga and system-level chips continue to lead the industry, the user community continues to expand, and a new generation of high-performance products are delivered in bulk. High-end ai+ vision, medium-end mcu, etc. are well under development and will enter the company’s future master chip product series.
Since 25 years, new space fpga, rereading new chips, storage, bus interfaces, etc., have been developed from 1 to 10 to promote successful and core user batch applications. And the mainframe plant, which has already delivered millions of chips annually from generation + generation 2, will benefit from the vehicle in the future.
The company’s esim product has been imported into a number of head-phone manufacturers, with clear advantages.
• In the case of fossil crystals, progress has been made in the development of miniaturization, high frequency, and high-precision products, and competition among companies has gradually gained prominence, with the prospect of gradually opening applications in many areas, such as motor electronics, low-altitude economies, artificial intelligence, ai numeracy models, light modules, etc.
Special chip envelopes were successfully put into production, supported by a high Māori rate. During the reporting period, the company built its own high capacity for production on chip covers, which helped to reduce reliance on external envelopes, and the high Māori ratio, which is expected to continue. At the same time, the company’s supply security capacity has been further strengthened, with products produced from production.
Investment proposal: We look at 25 years of special industry re-emergement on corporate integrated circuit revenue, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, with a clear and accurate view of my research. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
First in the military industry and fourth in the New Wealth Corps in 2015. This report is provided to its clients by China’s Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy Securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.