The first half of the year, the first half of the year, the first half of the year, the first half of the year, the first half of the first half of the year, the first half of the first half of the year.
Special integrated circuit operations are growing robustly, and there is a strong recovery in crystalline operations. Sub-products: \triangleright (1) Special integrated circuit camp, 1,469 million yuan (same as +18.09 per cent), Māori 71.12 per cent
The business benefited from a return in downstream demand and achieved robust growth, which was the main driving force behind the growth in corporate income. (2) Smart security chip camp received $1,395 million (same as -5.85 per cent), while the Māori rate was 44.16 per cent (same as -3.60 ptt).
151 million yuan (+35.78 per cent for the same year) and 11.13 per cent (+-2.61 pt), benefiting from improvements in consumer electronic markets and developments in areas such as network communications, smart cars, business \triangleright
687 million yuan, or 22.55 per cent of the revenue ratio. (1) Specialic: continued industry leadership, with a new generation of high-performance products in bulk shipments; newly introduced switch chip bulk delivery, with a new generation of switch chip development plans completed by the same date; new space fpga,
Rereading new chips, storages, bus interfaces, etc., with complete space system solutions. (2) Smart safety chips: companies continue to deep-plough the sim card market, maintain a global leader, Esim products are imported into multiple head cellular operators, bulk shipments;
The safe chip solution class is better, producing in many head Tier1 and mainframe plants, arriving at millions of annual shipments, and moving intelligent cars. The new domain control chip product is growing steadily, and the smart security chip is changing rapidly.
Imports multiple headtier1 and mainframe plants. (3) Crystals: continuous enhancement of micro-, high-frequency, high-precision products and key common technologies for industrialization; super-minimal crystallization; robust growth in performance; and expansion of product categories
The construction of the amplifier production base project is progressing well, with a steady increase in revenue during the quarter, net profits with Biti focusing on the development of the main industry, and the long-term growth of the special ic.
The robust growth of the circuit business shows a strong recovery in the industry and the firm’s leadership, while the company is well placed in the emerging areas of car electronics, esim, etc.
It is possible to build a second growth curve with current mass production and bulk delivery. We believe that companies have a strong position in the area of special integrated circuits, as well as in emerging markets such as auto electrons, esim, etc.
We believe that the company is expected to make a sustained contribution through the continuous roll-out of new products, given the return of the industry.
In August, we joined the CSEP, and in November 2022 joined the CSIG, which is directed to optical, consumer electronics, automobile electronics, etc.
The original securities, the Saidi think tank, joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group in January 2025, which studied semiconductors, etc. The Sindam Securities Electronics Group, which studied the storage of chips, simulation chips, etc. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.