Securities Analysis
Ping An Bank (000001 CH)
Takeaways from retail banking corporate day
❖ We attended Ping An Bank's (PAB) retail banking corporate day in Shenzhen
NOT RATED
last week. We see tremendous growth potential for the Bank's retail business,
as it benefits from Ping An Group's all-rounded supports and successful
migration of client base.
Current Price
❖ In the second stage of retail transformation. PAB officially kicked off its
retail transformation in 2H16, with the foremost target of growing retail client
Terry Sun, CFA
base (40.5 mn in FY16) and lifting retail revenue contribution (30.6% in FY16).
By end-FY18, no. of client and proportion of revenue from retail segment
reached 83.9 mn and 53%, respectively. Since 4Q18, PAB has entered the
second stage of retail transformation (Figure 1), with key objective of
Karen Sui
enhancing earnings ability. A major initiative is to boost private banking and
wealth management businesses.
The core "3+2+1" framework. PAB's retail business is underpinned by a
unique framework (Figure 2), which comprises: three modules - basic retail,
consumer finance & private banking (PB); two competencies - cost & risk
China Banking Sector
management; and one internal driver - Artificial Intelligence (AI). Basic retail
mainly supports customer acquisition and volume growth, while consumer
finance and PB are major profit and AUM generators.
Comparison with "Industry benchmark". CMB (600036 CH, NR) is broadly
recognized as the best retail bank in China. As such, we compare PAB to CMB on
multiple fronts of retail business, including 1) revenue & profit mix; 2)
Shareholding Structure
structure & pricing of loans & deposits; 3) NPL ratio; 4) client amount & AUM
Ping An Insurance (Grp)
49.56%
per capita, and 5) cost-income ratio. We found that PAB is comparable to CMB
Ping An Life Insurance
8.38%
in retail profit and loan contribution, but inferior in operating efficiency, asset
CSFC
2.50%
Source: Bloomberg
quality and profitability.
❖ 4Q18 results highlights. A bright spot was 13bps QoQ NIM expansion, which
Share Performance
drove a 15.8% YoY revenue growth in 4Q18. Despite the 41% YoY surge in
impairment charges, net profit still saw a decent growth of 7.0% YoY, beating
most joint-stock peers. It was also encouraging to see a notable increase in the
Bank's NPL/90-day overdue ratio (up 22ppts QoQ to 103%), which has been a
Source: Bloomberg
valuation overhang in past years. Stricter NPL recognition will ease regulatory
12-mth Price Performance
risks and further unleash PAB's earnings momentum ahead. A major weakness
was the Bank's thin capital buffer, as CET-1 CAR only stood at 8.54% (vs 7.5%
threshold) in 4Q18.
❖ Valuation. PAB currently trades at 0.85x FY19E P/B, vs 0.87x for A-share bank
average and 1.34x for CMB-A. There is foreseeable valuation upside, should the
Bank's retail strategy leads to improving financial performance in coming years.
PAB is also a key beneficiary of further RRR cuts.
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: PwC
Web-site: bank.pingan.com
Overview of PAB's retail banking strategy
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
4Q18 operating results
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Figure 7: NPL to >90-day overdue loans
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Peer comparison
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Note: 2018 data for PAB and 1H18 data for other banks.
Note: 2018 data for PAB and 1H18 data for other banks.
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Note: 2018 data for PAB and 1H18 data for CMB.
Financial statements
Income statement
Balance statement
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Source: Company data, CMBIS
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer that the
analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her
compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission)
(1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the
stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this
report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
SELL
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary of
China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that
which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of
their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently
evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own
investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS and/or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any
security or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors,
officers or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the
information contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness.
CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS
may issue other publications having information and/or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-
of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the
recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself
and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business
relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the
objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this
publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of
CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US, institutional investor that receives a copy of
this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.