The company achieved business income during the reporting period.
The company is the leading office software and service provider in the country, mainly in the design development and marketing of wpsoffice office software-related products and services.
This represents an increase of 19.35 per cent. In the second quarter alone, the company achieved operating income of $1,188 million, an increase of 5.98 per cent over the same period; and the office capacity of wpsoffice office software, gold mountain files, etc., achieved a net return profit of $354 million, an increase of 6.74 per cent over the same period.
Product matrix and Golden Mountain Digital Office platform solutions. Performance meets expectations, subscriptions are driven by two wheels. 1) Overall, companies achieved revenue of 2,413 million yuan, an increase of 11.09 per cent over the reporting period; net profits of 721 million yuan attributable to the parent company owner.
20.38% over 20.8% over growth; net profit/loss/loss/non-recurring gain/loss of 688 million for parent owners, equivalent to an increase of 19.35%. In the second quarter alone, the company achieved operating income of 1,188 million yuan, while growth remained steady and demonstrated its operational strength; and (2) sub-business income, domestic, over the reporting period.
Income from subscriptions to human office services was $1.53 billion, an increase of 22.17 per cent over the same period; revenue from subscriptions and services to domestic institutions was $443 million, an increase of 595 per cent over the same period; revenue from authorized operations to domestic institutions was $325 million, and performance was in line with expectations, individual and institutional subscriptions were driven by steady growth in corporate performance, and institutions were authorized to transition to credit.
The flowb/h (millions)c end-of-service rate continues to increase, and b end-of-end continues to reach high-quality business clients.
The annual number of paid individual users reached 38.15 million, an increase of 14.79 per cent over the same period, and the rate of paid penetration continued to rise.b End-of-the-year clients, the company wps365 had served more than 18,000 head-to-head clients by the end of the reporting period.
Prominent organizational institutions such as Hua-Engine, which are concerned with the demand for real replacement in key sectors such as finance, energy, communications, and the adaptation and adaptation of the home-grown migration of client office systems, maintain stability and have a stronger control capacity.
1.15 pct, which remains stable at a higher level. The ratio of sales/management/research and development costs to 24h1 companies has decreased, while R & D costs have increased as a result of product rotations and the upgrading of the ai product, and overall costs have been more stable and cost-control capabilities have been strong.
The capacity of the one has been significantly enhanced and the ability to customize has been enhanced. 1) Focused on core competitiveness, extending capacity across the other side. s1480229001 During the reporting period, the company officially released wpsai 2.0 and launched the office ' s new productivity platform wps
365. The wpsai enterprise version was introduced, which was compiled into three core modules: aihub (intelligent base), aidocs s14852307001 (intelligent document library) and copilotpro (business intelligence assistant).
More than 20 ai applications have been online, covering a wide range of office settings, including, but not limited to, precise analysis of multiple document formats, rights-based data matching, secure data resolution, etc. al+ enabling companies are expected to have product experiences at end-c and end-b, which in the long run will help keep their clients sticky, pick-ups, etc.
In the reporting period, the Department of Finance and Technology in the East, in close collaboration with its partners, has been working on a series of infrastructure development and improvement projects.
The company launched the wps version for the first time, working with China to improve and optimize its engineering infrastructure, resolving the challenges of cross-platform interface compatibility, 40 million lines of code trans-platform transplantation, and missing cross-platform tripartite infrastructure, further enhancing the suitability of corporate products in national production patterns.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: the company ' s performance met expectations and remained steady under external pressure, growing steadily, with a strong operational capacity, a two-wheel drive of company bc-end subscriptions, a sustained pattern of production of the ai products and the country, and the long-term development potential of the company. We expect the company ' s net profits for 2024-2026, respectively.
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity. Kim Shan office (6881.sh): Performance meets expectations, one product is expanding well, and the East is growing financially and intellectually.
KIMshan Office (6881.sh): Performance meets expectations, I have a good product expansion, a source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, a source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
East Hing Securities Company reports that Kim Shan Office (6881.sh): Performance is up to expectations, one of the products is going well, Jang Young-ja.
An analysis of your research views. Any part of your remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.