Shinji Shan Censorship, Cloud Software Services, KIMshan Office (68811.sh)
Personal subscriptions are growing rapidly, and the commercialization of the ai is expected to accelerate 26 August 2024 Market data: 26 August 2024
In the first half of the year, personal office service subscriptions in the country generated revenue of $1.53 billion, an increase of 22.17 per cent over the same year, with the highest/lowest annual (in dollar terms): mainly due to continuous corporate succession in upgrading of the ai and collaborative product functions and the introduction of a new membership system
(b) Short-term pressure on income growth due to the transformation of domestic institutional subscriptions and service operations into the saas model.
Market value of circulationa shares (millions of yuan): expected future growth in domestic institutional subscriptions is strongly supported; 3) affected by the restructuring of the IT industry; company closure of domestic third-party commercial advertising in December 2023; net corporate gains in the first half of 2024
On July 5, 2024, the company released wpsai 2.0, the wpsai office assistant for the personal office efficiency scene, the wpsai business version for the management and presentation of the organization, and the government document.
Wpsai Governmental Edition. Meanwhile, the company started to accelerate the commercialization of the ai product, of which, at the end of the spectrum, it created membership based on wpsai, which includes super-members, members and integration.
Congressmen with the former two interests, the cumulative number of annual fees paid by the members of the ai and the assembly members has now exceeded a million, while at the end of b, the company launched the Kimsan Office Model for party clients, while at the same time the Department has continued to explore with head business clients possible options for wpsai business editions to be located on the premises.
The Wpsai business version has been launched with leading enterprises in various fields, such as finance, Internet services, retail consumption, and high-end manufacturing, and the company, as a leader in domestic office software, has continued to grow in individual and institutional subscriptions.
At that time, the commercialization of wpsai is expected to accelerate. It is expected that the company’s 2024-2026 pss will not produce as many products as expected. The company’s wpsai has started the full product line and started the process of commercialization, which may lead to user experience if future corporate ai products do not progress as expected.
The downside, and consequently the loss of some users, will have a negative impact on corporate development. Macro-environmental risks. As a leading office software service provider in the country, companies use hundreds of millions of dollars \triangleright for domestic and foreign use.
Market competition increases risks. Microsoft is still in a position to compete in the global office software market.
\triangleright, if it adjusts its marketing strategy in the country by relying on strong market influence and high brand visibility, the company’s share in the domestic market will be challenged.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I will not be compensated, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, position, or the trust that I have in the practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.