The company released its mid-2024 report, which collected $2,413 million in the first half of the year, i.e. +11.1 per cent of the year; net profit returns to mothers.
q2, a single quarter, $1.19 billion, a +6.0 per cent; mother ' s net profit, $354 million, a higher growth in personal business, and credit creation, a constant pressure: in the first half of the year, the domestic subscription to personal office services received $1,530 million, an increase of 22.17 per cent.
With the upgrading of the key strategic product wpsai, the commercialization of wpsai was officially initiated, with robust growth driven by increased user stickyness and fee conversion rates; institutional subscription revenue of $443 million, or 5.95 per cent, was associated with the introduction of the wps365 office new productivity platform.
The sales model has entered a deep transition with a slight decline in the associated rate of increase; domestic institutions have authorized revenue generation of 3.25 overseas editions of products and membership systems; cost control continues to be effective, leading to increased profitability: corporate sales/management/research and development fees in the first half of the year
As a result of the increase in costs, the company has increased its investment in ai-related areas; cost control has led to a net interest rate of 29.92 per cent in the first half of the year, an increase of 2.5 percentage points in the same year, which has contributed to a rapid increase in profits.
KIMshan Office has been promoting research and development for a long time and actively embraces a new era: the company has been investing in a related field of research and development, increasing the competitiveness of the person, officially launching a public survey under the flag of wpsai, anchoring aigc interior creation, copilot intellectual assistant, insight knowledge in three strategic directions, overall targeting
microsoft365copilot has been connected to wps text, demos, tables, pdf, and other product lines to solve the user's daily problems in terms of content generation, content understanding, command operation, efficiency enhancement, further empowerment of the new office landscape, and opening of the user's smart business.
The institutional investor as a share of the circulation a share of the public experience. We believe that the future pattern of wps+gpt is expected to open up new growth space, while a simpler and intelligent office model will lead to an expansion of the user community and an intelligent office of gpt is expected.
Attracting free-of-charge users to speed up the conversion fees, paying penetration rates, and arpu are expected to increase in both directions. At the same time, the full-scale product +gpt will have the potential to generate more new products, with a Microsoft-like Businesschat-type office assistant or one of the new products options for the company’s potential future layout.
Increased investment will be made in the ai area, more innovative ai capabilities will be introduced, the application of the ai technology will continue to expand, and the process of commercialization will accelerate, giving new impetus to the growth of corporate performance. Microsoft gpt enabling office will bring about a completely new change in office space, and the future wps+ai is expected to open up new space:
The microsof365copilot connects the entire product line to gpt, opening a new cycle of office revolutions that shock the world. As one of the main carriers of user-generated content, the iTechnology Revolution has the potential to accelerate changes in office software from "efficiency tools" to "production tools" and to significantly upgrade the organization.
Considering China’s current ban on foreign ai-related software, the ai revolution will open up greater commercial space for national production software. Kim Shan’s office has been following up with the others in recent years, finding technology in areas such as nlp, cv, and exploring wps, ppt script intelligence.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.