Personal-end subscriptions continue to grow, ai-related applications are gradually landing Events: Kansan Office released its semi-annual report for 2024, the company collected 2,413 million yuan in the first half of the year, Kimshan Office (68811.sh)
Increases of 11.09 per cent in the same year; net returns to mothers amounting to $721 million, or 20.38 per cent in the same year; non-net profits amounting to $688 million, or 19.35 per cent in the same year; and net operating cash flows amounting to $628 million in the first half of the year, when total corporate subscription revenue amounted to $1,963 million, an increase of 17.55 per cent in the same year.
Pang Sinxing, with a total of 2,685 million dollars in corporate contract liabilities, the transformation of domestic institutional subscriptions into the saas model is progressing well, laying a solid foundation for the company’s long-term health development.
For 1,188 million yuan, an increase of 5.98 per cent over the same period; for the realization of a net return profit of 354 million yuan, the Division introduced a new membership system, including super-members, members of the al-Ai, and members of the General Assembly who combine the former two interests, precisely to meet the needs of a diverse user group.
The number of monthly active equipment for the company ' s main product is 602 million, an increase of 3.08%. Of these, the monthly active equipment for the wps officepc version is 271 million, an increase of 7.11%, and the monthly active equipment for the wpsoffice mobile version is 328 million, an increase of 0.31%.
Wpsai 2.0, the cumulative number of users of the annual fees paid by the members of the ai Congresses has exceeded millions and is expected to boost the company ' s revenue at end c twice.b Ends continue the saasization transition and new clients expand well.
The growth in the growth rate of 5.95 per cent over the same period was achieved by $443 million in the construction of subscriptions. We believe that the reason for the slowdown was due mainly to the company’s promotion of the shift from annual site authorization to Saas subscription patterns and the delayed impact of annual one-time determinations and changes in monthly financial calculations.
New office productivity platform wps365 for organizational and corporate clients, integrated upgrades of wpsoffice, wps collaboration and wpsai enterprise version: as of 2024h1, wps 365 have served more than 18,000 head-state clients, with additional pole clients in the last six months including:
There are well-known organizations, such as the China-China Bank, the China-China United Property Insurance, and China-China China-China China-China China-China Corporations, which are active in the areas of public and private enterprises and State-owned enterprises in the Yun market, and which are leading their clients to move from the annual accounts model to the annual accounts model, with contract liabilities growing healthy, and institutional subscriptions to the Saas model moving smoothly.
In terms of costs, in 2024, Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
As of 30 June 2024, the company had a total of 2,991 research and development staff, representing about 65% of the total number of employees in the Golden Mansion No. 127 West Avenue in Beijing, Beijing. With a high level of research and development, the company officially released wpsai 2.0.
Upgraded in personal editions, wpsai 2.0 achieved product updates in the ai writing assistant, ai reading assistant, ai data assistant and ai design assistant; in the face of institutional clients, the Department launched a new office productivity platform, wps365 and introduced a wpsai enterprise version.
Versions have been compiled into three core modules: alhub (smart base), aldocs (intelligent document library) and copilot pro (business intelligence assistant), and this upgrade covered more than 20 applications of al-based applications already online, covering a wide range of office scenes; multi-end synchronization of product ecology, company leader
The second release of the wps has effectively addressed the challenges of cross-platform interface compatibility, 40 million trans-platform migrations, and the lack of cross-platform tripartite infrastructure.
(c) Risk factors: i-product market acceptance is less than expected; downstream customers are less able to pay; \triangleright
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.