Individual subscriptions are growing robustly, and the ability of the one is upgraded optimally.
Events: Companies released their semi-annual report for 2024, with operating income of 2,413 million in the first half of 2024, U Xin Jian, with steady growth in individual subscriptions, slower growth in institutional subscriptions and a decline in agency-mandated operations: revenue
Structurally, the domestic subscription to personal office services generated operating income of 1,530 million yuan (+22.17 per cent); The domestic subscription and service operation generated operating income of 443 million yuan (+5.95 per cent); and the domestic agency delegated authority to Li Xing.
R & D maintenance high, sales and management cost controls are sound and performance is in line with expectations: company year 2024 □ liluxin_yj@chinastock.com.cn days, the company’s main product was 602 million monthly equipment, an increase of 3.08%.
At the end of the reporting period, the number of pay-for-money users reached more than 18,000 head office clients, and the number of new stickers in the previous half-year included the Chinese bank, the Chinese bank, and the Chinese bank.
China’s United Property Insurance, China’s Hua-eun, Guangzhou Metro, China’s gold, Shanghai City, Ton Wai’s shares, Hale Group, Kyoto-Technology, New East Education, among other well-known organizations.
During the reporting period, the company implemented a series of strategic initiatives to strengthen core competitiveness and increase its impact in the area of artificial intelligence. The company launched the wps365 office new productivity platform and introduced the wpsai enterprise version, which includes three core modules: aihub, aidocs and copilotpro.
More than 20 ai application services were provided, covering a wide range of office settings, which significantly enhanced the work efficiency and creative experience of institutional clients. The company also strengthened the training and optimization of the ii model and developed a numeracy platform to optimize resource allocation and improve computing efficiency in order to adapt the large ii model technology to software products.
Impact. In privatization deployments, the company has completely upgraded its service system to meet client needs, introducing a series of custom-made product services such as wps cloud files, wps collaborations, etc. Through the depth of the inner core of the product, the company evaluates [Galactic Computers] _ gold mountain offices _ high performance growth, business growth, etc.
Reconstructed, the company optimized the product structure, lowered the threshold for cluster deployment and effectively addressed the technical challenges faced by the political and business sectors in sustaining the diffusion of applications in the depth of end-of-business applications, reducing the costs of carrying them out, increasing system stability, and
In addition, the company, in close collaboration with other partners such as Hua, launched the wps, which solves the problems of cross-platform interface compatibility, code-cross-platform transplantation, etc. Wps, which achieves full-end flow and multi-platform reconciliation of accounts, while wpsai has multiple ends.
Step-by-step provides a full-scale, synergetic office experience. The company also provides mature inter-ai support, stable api interfaces, and open platforms and service provider management systems to help clients build their corporate brains and drive business intelligence upgrading. These initiatives not only consolidate the company’s digital office workouts.
I am committed to producing this report with diligence, independence, and objectivity, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities need not be treated as a customer by the recipient as a result of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risks, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.