The commercialization of the ai was beginning to bear fruit, with a focus on the performance of contractual liabilities, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre grew by 19.3 per cent compared to the previous year.
At the end of the reporting period, individual company subscriptions achieved income of $1.53 billion, an increase of 22.2 per cent over the same period; of this, q2 earned revenue of $800 million in the first quarter, an increase of $60 million per month, an increase of 3.1 per cent over the previous year.
Equipment amounts to 271 million, an increase of 7.1 per cent over the same period; the number of individual users of the company ' s accumulated annual payments has risen steadily, up by 14.8 per cent over the same period. It is worth noting that the cumulative number of users of the company ' s membership and assembly members has increased by more than a million annually, and commercialization has begun to bear fruit.
Wps365 helper business users transition to subscriptions, with business authorization still under pressure. 1) Agency subscriptions have generated $440 million, an increase of 6.0 per cent over the year. The company's newly upgraded wps365 is directed to organizational-level clients for content creation, office collaboration, wpsai, etc., leading the organization's clients to move from year to year.
Mode shift. We believe that, as a result of a change in the pace of acceptance, institutional subscription to business forms has been slowed, but by the end of 24q2, corporate contract liabilities totalled $2.69 billion, a 24 per cent increase over the same period, and institutional subscriptions to the saas model was well under way, laying the foundation for further long-term development.
3) International and third-party commercial advertising operations, with a higher base for the same period last year, but with a steady growth of overseas operations. The accelerated upgrading of the Qai product is expected to gradually contribute to the increase. In July 2024, the company officially released wpsai.
2.0. Upgraded wpsai 2.0 is a paradigm change in the four dimensions of i-write assistants, i-reading assistants, i-data assistants, and i-set helpers. With the gradual increase in user stickyness, we believe that the next-a-application commercialization is expected to accelerate, combining the firm’s deep accumulation of Chinese-language office space with a big user base.
A profit forecast and investment proposal. Taking into account the transformation of the company’s bendsaas and the impact of the letter-making rhythm, it is expected that ai commercial yearable (2024-03-27).
Long, ai commercialized to be expected (2023-08-23) 1) individual subscriptions: company aigc functionality has gradually been connected to full-line products and has been upgraded to version 2.0, currently
The cumulative number of users of the annual fees paid by the members of the ai and the General Assembly has collectively exceeded a million, and commercialization has begun to bear fruit, with product enhancements expected to boost the rate of penetration of the payments and arpu upscaling. The business income is expected to increase by 25 per cent in 2024-2026. 2) institutional subscriptions: fully upgraded wps365 of the company provides content creation, office collaboration, etc. to organizational-level clients.
Wpsai, for example, is capable and guides the agency ' s clients to move gradually from the year-round to the year-end account mode. Currently, as a result of the change in the pick-up pace, the institutional subscription to business forms has been slowed up, but as of the end of 24q2, the corporate contract liability was $2.69 billion, or 24 per cent more, and the institutional subscription to the Saas model is moving smoothly, laying the foundation for further long-term development, which is expected to take place.
3) Institutional mandates: The operation is short-term subject to fluctuations in the progress of the downstream letter-making industry, but autonomous control is imperative, 4) Internet advertising and others: companies closed their advertising operations at the end of 2023, but overseas operations continued to grow, and it is expected that the selection of science-based high-speed flights, and the use of the technology-based two ai alumni as comparable companies for valuation comparisons.
By comparison, horizontally, since the application of the ai is still in the process of exploration and has not yet generated significant income, the industry firm was still in the performance restoration phase in 2024, with a 92-fold average valuation compared to that of the company; the company was a leader in al+ office software, with a strong competitive pattern, was scarce, and a valuation level had a comparative value for value relative to that of the company.
The company is currently at the lowest level since it was listed, compared vertically with itself. Considering that the company’s ai-products traders have not been able to claim, either directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for their specific recommendations or views in this report.