Wpsai pays more than a million members a year and looks forward to the acceleration of the commercialization process. Kimsan office (6881.sh). Considering the changes in the external environment and the impact of institutional subscription transitions, we downgraded the company ' s net profit from 2024-2026.
The company’s wpsai product continues to upgrade and is expected to open up growth space and maintain a “buy-in” rating. The performance is largely in line with expectations, and the institution’s subscription to the saas transformation was smooth, with a net profit of $721 million, an increase of 20.38 per cent. Of this, q2 achieved operating income of $1,188 million in the first quarter.
(2) q2 single-quarter business growth of $795 million for individual subscriptions, 19.8 per cent over the same period, maintaining a more stable growth; agency subscription revenue of $201 million, 2 per cent below the same period; the number of users of the main Wpsai membership and General Assembly annual payments is already over millions, and business processes are expected to accelerate in the second half of the year
In July, the company officially released wpsai 2.0, and the upgraded wpsai 2.0 was a paradigm change in the four dimensions of a writing assistant, a reading assistant, a data assistant, and a design assistant. Wpsai members and assembly members collectively charge more than a million users a year, and we think that starting in the second half of the year, the a-to-the-person ratio is over 1 million.
The pull effect of the revenue from subscriptions will become increasingly apparent. wps365 promotes revenue structure optimization and a two-way shift in product and sales patterns. (1) At the product level, the company has launched the wpsai business version, further upgrading wps365 to be intelligent
Net Profit Growth Exceeds, Activating the User Power of Big Data. wps365 has served more than 18,000 head-state clients, Times-Commercial Information Update Report 2024.4.24
In the first half of the year, new label clients include the Chinese Bank, China United Property Insurance, China China China China and Guangzhou Metro. The long-cycle membership strategy has worked well, with well-known organizations such as wpsai, and has a demonstration effect.
Opening the Growing Space - Corporate Information Update to guide institutional clients to move gradually from the annual site to the annual account mode, optimizing the income structure.