The income structure of the Kimsan office continued to improve, with the rapid growth of individual subscriptions, resulting in a net gain of $720 million to the mother, representing an increase of 20.4 per cent and a net gain of $690 million to the mother, representing an increase of 19.4 per cent.
In the first half of the year, individual subscriptions grew at a rate of 1.53 billion yuan (+22.2% for the same year). The company introduced a new membership system, a full range of users’ needs, a higher rate of fee conversion and a higher rate of passenger subscriptions contributed to the stability of individual subscriptions.
As of 30 June 2024, the number of individual users of the company’s accumulated annual subscriptions reached 3,815 with a continuous optimization of the institution’s subscription income structure and a successful outreach of its larger clients.
There is a trend towards intellectual transformation of domestic institutional clients and the reduction of efficiency gains in the industry, and companies continue to add codes to their products and sell them every month to date. The sales model is a two-way shift.
(37.0) (6.1) (34.8) (48.1) By the end of the reporting period, the company wps365 had served more than 18,000 head-state business clients, and in the first half of the year, it had increased the number of trademark customers such as the Chinese Bank of Cin, the China United Property Insurance (CACI) and China China China China China China.
In the first half of the year, the IBM’s demand for replacements in the financial, energy, communications, etc., resulted in a nationalized migration of the office system.
The Division closed the domestic third-party commercial advertising business in December 2023 and released the wpsai overseas version of the product, with technical support from the mainstream international model provider, to enhance the capacity of overseas products across the board.
The company’s revenue structure continues to be optimized, and the institution’s subscriptions have shifted to saas.
Client outreach fell short of expectations; payment rates rose short of expectations; and technology development fell short of expectations.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business Computer: software development