The core strategic set-up is strong, and the commercialization of the ai continues to be advanced, with net profit of $688 million from non-return to the mother, an increase of 19.35 per cent over the same period.
Sub-operations show a rapid growth in domestic c-service subscriptions, with revenues of $1.53 billion in the first half of 24 months, an increase of 22.17 per cent over the same period, and companies are continuing to work on key strategies. The upgrade of the product wpsai has officially started the commercialization of wpsai.
1. “Kimsan Office Review: ai+double subscriptions are faster than expected, leading to a new quality Division that gradually improves the penetration of the ai user by enhancing the depth of cloud-based operations, and by introducing a new membership system based on user needs, thereby contributing to the continued growth of pay-for-money users;
Domestic institutional subscriptions and services grew at a steady rate of 443 million yuan, 5.95 per cent more than the previous year; under the influence of the restructuring of the party-initiated industry, domestic institutions authorized business income; and the Wpsai overseas product and membership system, with technical support from the international mainstream model
In terms of cost, the company’s operating costs increased by 20 per cent in the first half of the month of 24, mainly as a result of increased server rental storage and broadband costs.
Market extension costs, resulting in a 7.06 per cent decline in sales costs over the year; 5.13 per cent increase in management costs over the year, mainly as a result of increases in staff salaries; and an increase in the remuneration of R & D personnel and in the investment of I R & D, resulting in an increase in R & D costs of between R & D of R & D of R & D of R & D of R = R & D of R = R & D of R & D of R = R & D of R & D of R = R & D of R & D of R = R & D of R = R & D.
The institutional subscriptions are moving well to the saas model, and the number of active equipment is increasing. The company wps365 has served more than 18,000 head-officers, and is active in the cloud market.
Mode shift. The corporate contract liability at the end of the reporting period amounts to $2,685 million, which combines super-members, a member and congressmen who combine their interests to meet the needs of a diverse user group.
The sum of millions has given strong impetus to the development of domestic individual subscriptions. Profit forecasts, valuations and ratings.
Increased competition in the co-location market, sub-optimal transition of dual subscriptions, commercialization of wpsai Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market