A steady growth in performance, a smooth growth in the commercialization of the ai Kanshan office (6881.sh) semi-annual report for 2024
a Circulation Unit (million shares): billions of yuan, 22.17 per cent more than the previous year; domestic institutional subscriptions and services generated $443 million, with sustained commitment to the upgrade of wpsai, with personal user fee conversion rates at par with unit prices
In July this year, the company officially released wpsai 2.0. In the personal version, the upgraded wpsai 2.0 is a paradigm change in the four dimensions of a writing assistant, a reading assistant, a data assistant, and a design assistant.
There is a new membership system, which includes super-members, members, and assembly members who combine the former two interests, precisely to meet the needs of a diverse user group.
The report points: Rapid growth in subscriptions, commercialization of wpsai.
In the first half of 2024, the company invested 808 million yuan, an increase of 12.61 per cent, and the cost of research and development.
About 33%, with a total of 2991 R & D staff, or about 65% of the total workforce. The company has launched an annual report rating: rapid growth of non-profits, active input into large language models. The office ' s new productivity platform wps365, which introduced the wpsai version of the enterprise version, which was compiled as a ai.
2023.08.24 Hub (intelligent base), aldocs (intelligent document library) and copilotpro (business intelligence assistant) three core modules, this upgrade covers more than 20 ai applications that are online and cover a wide range of applications
Pan-office scenes. For the first time, the company launched a wps version, which together improves and optimizes engineering infrastructure and effectively addresses 40 million lines of code that are compatible with the interface between platforms and cross-platforms.
At present, the wps are running well across the board, allowing for multiple platform accounts to be harmonized, cross-end calls, and cross-screening. Companies are the leading office software and service providers in the country, driven by policy and technological change, and will be able to make a difference in the future.
The increase in the number of user fees was lower than expected; the national production substitution process was lower than expected; other companies entered the office software market, with the risk of increased competition in the market; and macro-environmental risks.Indices, the Hong Kong market benchmark is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a standard 500 index or an NASDAQ index, and the new three-board benchmark index is a three-board index (for the agreement transfer target)
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner by the author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research and adoption.