Chang An (000625.sz): q3 has a faster income (000625) incident: company ' s first three-quarter performance report, q1-q3 achieving operating income of 85,352 million yuan, same
The income of Luk Ka Min q3 has been growing faster and the profitability has been stressed. Company q3 has earned $28.778 billion in operating income.
Automotive research assistant +0.83 pct. Performance under pressure is mainly due to: (1) Aveta technology, Chang-An-new energy technology, which is in the early stages of development, with higher inputs and q3 raising investment losses of $330 million; and (2) heavy
The impact of the high temperature restrictions in the Qing area and the repression of company sales in August; (3) continued to increase research and development inputs, targeting 770,000 vehicles in the fourth quarter, which is expected to increase by more than 30% on a year-on-year basis. According to FMC data, in September, the country distributed 2.293 million vehicles in a narrow range of vehicles, i.e. 32%, ring + 9% and retail sales.
The company sold 215,000 vehicles in September, i.e. 14% in September, + 55% in September, which is well below the industry average, and the ring ratio is much higher than the industry average. August was affected by power restrictions in the Chongqing area, resulting in a decline in current sales, with the base figure leading to a significant increase in the September ring ratio;
During this period, Chang Xiang held a vow-sentation conference at the Sanjiang factory in the fourth quarter of the war, with a target of 2.45 million vehicles sold throughout the year, thereby extrapolating the sales target of q4 to 770,000 vehicles, or +35%. The smart electric power has been strong for a year, with Aveta 11+ Deep Blue 03+lmin covering the low end market of high school.
\triangleright Avita 11: On August 8th Avita 11 officially released three pure trams at a price of $35, $37,410,000, and Avita 11 as the flag of the Chn platform built jointly by Chang An, Hua, and Ningde.
The next saloon, which has a rich intelligent configuration that allows consumers to feel unique emotional experiences, will be sold for their own smart choices through their own high-end stand-alone shop + Hwa, and the company is expected to start delivering officially in December, and the new energy source is expected to be branded up with Aveta.) Deep blues03:July
On 25th, Dark Blue Sl03 was officially released in four versions, 1,200 incremental, 515 pure electric, 705 pure electric, 730 hydrogen electric, selling from $16.89 to $699.99 million, based on cool technology outside of Sindh Security.
Shape + High Values Configuration + Adder Allays within mileage. Deep blue sl03 won a lot of consumer pleasure, cindsecuritiesco., ltd Love, 1256 and 5825 sold in August and September, respectively, and we expect to climb the slopes as production capacity progresses.
In Beijing, the first sl03 stable-state sale is at 150,000 to 200,000 in Beijing. The Chang An Deep Blue brand is currently planning a total of five products, and the company is expected to sell 600,000 by 2025.) Lumin: pure electricity as a national fine.
Microcars, highly popular from the very beginning of the market. According to the owner's house, the sales for May-September were 160, 1707, 7412, 10783, 11267 and, as production gradually increased, the profitability projection and investment rating of the indexed Mitsubishi macrolight: as a core in the automobile field, Chang An will continue to benefit from 1
We expect the company's risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, failure to release productive capacity, failure of customers to exploit and expectations.
Figure 1: Company ' s calendar year earnings / year-on-year growth figure 2: Company ' s calendar year net profit / year-on-year increase figure 4: Company ' s quarterly net profit return (billion yuan) / year-on-year increase
Figure 5: Quarterly Māori Rates for Companies & Net Interest Rates
Full coverage, focusing on opportunities in Tesla’s industrial chain, smart cars, and autonomous branding. Cao Zingjie, Assistant Researcher in the Sinda Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, covering, inter alia, smart cars, car connections, new driving forces, etc.
What is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consulting business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.