4 performance period \triangleright \triangleright costs to drive up profit performance and drive-by profit margins are good. 2022q3 long self-distribution
\triangleright 30.4 million vehicles, i.e. + 7.7%/ring ratio + 8.7%, benefiting from the un-series, cs75/55 high-priced model, which is an expansion of new energy marketing channels, and a significant increase in R & D costs, mainly due to increased investment in electric intelligence R & D
As a result, due to a significant increase in the cost rate and power outages in August, the company ' s net profit of q3 was $1.04 billion from the mother, the marginal improvement in the volume of joint ventures, and the deep blue, avita, held back the return on investment. 2022q3 investment return - $330 million \triangleright
At this stage, inputs such as product R & D, pipeline construction, etc., are multiplying, delaying performance; and (2) traditional joint-venturers such as Anfort, Chang, and Ammadha, whose sales and performance are subdued. It is expected that the return on investment will return to historical normal levels as dark blues, Avita products land and sales progress, and Ford’s transition continues.
4 full power guarantee delivery. 2022 was the year of the company ' s big electric transformation \triangleright
Yearly, pure electricity, mixing, hydrogen energy, full-line layout, Aveta 11+sl03+lamine, mainstream price range 2. Long An (000625.sz) depth report: three full-scale coverages. Sl03 and Aveta 11 are on the market.
In June, Z6id was placed on the market, followed by univ and the cs series of hybrid cars. The priority model sl03 was increased by $16.89-2159 million for a pure electrical version, and the product performance was excellent.
High-value prices, 30-minute orders broke down and 40,000 orders have now been broken, with a steady increase in sales in August/September of 1,118/5.825; product stores and experience centres are still expanding and this year plans to increase to 1,000 units, with the Chang An vehicle (000625.sz) being evaluated for its production and sale in April:
As of the end of September, Aveta was experiencing the expansion of the store, deep blue + avita accelerated the electrical transformation, and the joint venture branding cycle went up by 2022/05/10.
Ten thousand, with a year-round target of 68.6%, the company held a q4 bailout masters conference in October to take measures and contribute to the achievement of 2.45 million sales targets throughout the year. The new energy product matrix was rapidly refined, and it is expected to be the first review in less than 22 years: 2022q1 performance exceeded expectations, electricity.
As a core driver of corporate sales growth, it is expected that companies will be fully active in driving sales through the fourth quarter. Investment proposal: take into account that companies will benefit fully from industrial policy and value for money from corporate ownership \triangleright
The medium- and long-term logic is clear and the “recommended” rating is maintained. \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.