We're not going to be able to do anything about it, but we're going to have to do something about it.
Hold (Maintain) accessQressroomswithrisingnFormation Targetprice
(previoustp bocomreported 9m19netprofitofrm60.1bn, p5.0%)
For 78%/80%ofcmbis/consensusfull-yearestimates.in3q19, revenuegroveth chinabankingsector income (+5.1% yoy)andinvestmentgain (-14.4% yoy)loweddown, despite
I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I've got a lot of work to do. Assuch, 3q19bottom-linearningsremainedlargely karensui resultspositives: 1) nimhelduptableqoqat 1.56%, asfallingloan
You've got to be careful, you've got to be careful, you've got to be careful, you've got to be careful, you've got to be careful, you've got to be careful, you've got to be careful, you've got to be careful, you've got to be careful, you've got to be careful, you've got to be careful, you've got to be careful, you've got to be careful, you've got to be careful, you've got to be careful, you've got to be careful, you've got to be careful what you've got to do.
Stockdata in 3q19onstrangerwealthmanagement-relatedfees, WHOcontributionto mktcap (rmmmn)
Avg3mthst/o (rmmmn) operation efficiencyimproved, as3q19cirrodapped 3.1 pptsyoyoyoto
52whigh/low (rmb) 37.6%.4) Capitadequacywasstrestened.cet1/tier-1/ttalcar totalissuedshares (mn)
39,251(a) managementexpactformformalreplishmentoughperpetualbond source: bloomberg
I don't know what you're talking about.
1) depositalballancedeclined 1.4% qoq, pushingup ldrby 2.5 pptsto86.1% .bocomboostedinterbanklibilitiesby 3.8% qoq, source: companydata
♪ Totakeadvantageofthelow-interestenvironment (2) ♪ ♪ currentrowthwasshareperformance subduedat 1.5%q, mainlyduetocontractionincreditcardloans, ashe
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I can't tell you what I'm talking about, but I can't tell you what I'm talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Wenewrmb 6.5 picderivedfrom0.65xtargetp/bandfy20ebvpsof earlyssummary source: Bloomberg
Auditor: pwc relatedreports stableearningsgrovethsettingspace
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm not sure that's what you're talking about.
Theresarchanalywhoisprimariresponsibleforthecontentofresresearchreport, inholeorinpart, certifiestwhatrespectto the securitiesorissuerthattheanascoveredinthisreport: (1) theloftheviewsexpressaccurateallyreflefectorherpersonviewsabout the subjectsecuritiesorissesouser; and (2) nopartifhisorhercompensationwas, is, orwillbe, directdirectly, relatedtospecificews.
I don't know what you're talking about.
i.e. dateofissuesueofthisreport; (2) whildylinortradeinthestock(s) overableinthisresearchreport3businessday after thedateofissuesueof report; (3) serveasan officeofofofthehongkonglistidcompaniescoveredinthrisk
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Outperform mark-perform underperform
I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America, and I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America.
Importantdiscussions invectors.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm not sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I'm going to be able to do that, but I'm sure I'm going to be able to do that.
I don't know what you're talking about, but it's not like you're talking about it, but it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it, and it's about it's about it's about it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do it. We're going to have to do it.
I don't know if it's a good idea, but it's not a good idea, because it's a good idea, and it's a good idea, because it's a good idea, because it's a good idea, and it's a good idea, and it's a good idea, and it's a good idea, and it's a good idea, and it's a good idea, and it's a good idea, because it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea, it's a good idea.
I'm not sure if I'm the one who's going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you.
Order 2005 (asamended Fromtimetotime)or (ii) arepersonsfallingwithinarticalle49 (2)(a)to(d)("hghnetworthcompanies, unincorporatedassociations, etc.)oftheorder, andmaynotprovidedtoanyootherpersonswoutthepriorwrittenconsentof bis.forcipatedsoftisdoissues
"Majorusinstitutionalinvestors", asdefinindile15a-6undertheus, securities exchangeactof 1934, andmaynotbefurshedtoanotherpersons.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about.
63504400formattersarisingfrom, orinconventionwithotherport.