3. The company announces that the company ' s shareholdings apply for approval by the CSRC to approve the sale of 838 million new shares from the company to its former shareholders for a period of six months from the date of approval.
The development of the PV market abroad raises the demand for photovoltaic manufacturing ends: downstream component firms have full orders. The weakening of trade barriers and changes in the country’s 531 policy, driven by a 47.8% increase in trade barriers from overseas and a 10.8% increase in the ring and a sustained increase in 2019q1, according to pvinfolink, where frontline firms are largely filled with 2019h1 component orders, q4 stock (601012.sh) q4 performance loops have increased significantly.
Silicon silicon links in the whole industry chain have become more sophisticated, with limited capacity for future expansion and tight supply. With the advent of photovoltaic parity Internet access, industry demand and profitability are expected to continue to improve: Silicon upstream silicon and downstream battery links have larger expansion plans in 2019, according to the whole industry chain.
In the new cycle of online parity, single crystal carrier re-launching. 2018.12 The silicon chain has about 35gw, the silicon chain has about 21gw expansion, and a certain size is concentrated in 209h1.
New Energy and Electrical Equipment Investment Strategy 2019: New Cycle Single Crystal Silicon Market, with 28 and 23gw capacity, respectively, by the end of 2018, in absolute leadership, currently looking at the silicon chain as only the year it started.
There are 8gw expansion plans, and production is mainly concentrated in the second half of the year. Demand is pushing the price of silicon up to the top of supply, as early as mid-January.
Interest rates bring about 3 ppt, net profits bring about an increase of about 10 ppt. In the future, in the context of downstream high-efficiency battery expansion and rising demand, the profits of the industrial chain are expected to be concentrated at the centre and centre core, and the price of silicon is expected to be strong.
According to the company's plan, single crystal silicon production capacity will reach 28, 36 and 45gw in \triangleright between 2018 and 2020, respectively.
In Beijing, building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the west corner of the city, one step forward in the monocrystal silicon sector, with new silicon production capacity to be released gradually in 2019 from May to June, matching the start-up cycle of domestic demand. Moreover, there is still room for improvement in the profitability of the company’s component operations, owing to such factors as the bottleneck of battery production.
Malaysia’s 1gw battery capacity will also continue to expand overseas monocrystal battery capacity, increasing output to overseas markets. Under the new Quasi Access (QP) cycle, global installed machines are expected to continue to grow and domestic competitively accelerate the process. We believe that, in the long run, PEI will be a major industry development.
Globally, the prices of manufactured end-products have fallen sharply, and demand in both emerging and traditional markets has recovered, and we expect global photovoltaics to reach 125gw in 2019, a 22% increase compared to the previous year. In domestic markets, in a context of limiting the size of subsidies as a whole, policies are oriented toward a “price-for-loader” approach, and we expect to be more stable year-round than in 2018.
The value of the investment is clear for the core leading companies. Profit forecasting and rating: benefiting overseas demand is higher than expected, companies have better demand for silicon and components, and prices are rising steadily.
Risk factors: Unexpected performance in built-in capacity: Policy risks in the photovoltaic sector: friction in international trade; price volatility of raw materials, etc. \triangleright promotes industry by looking at cycles and growth.
Chen Chen, Research Assistant, Master of Studies, University of Jilin, July 2018, Joining the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, is currently engaged in new energy research. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese CVM. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decisions with this group of clients. Both parties have strictly agreed rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.