(a) Silicon price increases of 0.1 to 3.15; and (b) the start-up of the 12gw single silicon bars and 10gw single silicon tablets projects in Yunnan Baoshan, Lijiang and Chu Yuen II.
Total investment is $5,172 million. 3) Investment in the 1gw monocrystal battery project in Kujin, Malaysia, with an estimated investment of $840 million; 4) the company’s shareholdings have been approved by the Certification Commission.
The domestic market will start in the second half of the year and demand will be stronger. Strong demand will trigger price elasticity in upstream relative rigidity. On the supply side, Lungi, Central Ring, 19-year single crystal, silicon silicon with limited production capacity, far less than single crystal perc batteries and upstream multi-crysilica links, silicon for supply.
The firm had 28gw single crystal silicone production capacity by the end of 2018. This announced two-phase expansion project in Yunnan was completed after delivery, with 19 and 20.
By the end of the year, the company will have nearly 36, 45gw single silicon tablets, which will form a single crystal half-clane, with three points of industry, one of its absolute leaders. Based on an effective production of 6.5 billion tablets in 19 years, and an export of 4.5 billion tablets, the price of single silicone tablets is floating, with the company expected to perform with a elasticity of $330 million in 19 years.
• In the domestic market, market-based competition is expected to be more than anticipated: 19 years of policy discussion by the Energy Authority on the management of photovoltaic construction and 19 years of policy on photovoltaic are expected to be the most market-oriented: 1) scale of subsidies by the Ministry of Finance, 2) ceiling of subsidies by the Commission, 3) competition rules by the Energy Authority, 4) firms
In our view, the current version of domestic policy is conducive to the release of domestic demand elasticity and to a two-track, price-oriented transition that allows the market to compete fully, allowing for a modest allocation of resources. We expect the size of the domestic market to be 45-50gw in 19 years.
19-year-old global light-voltage up to 125-130gw (previous expected 120gw).
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board