Quarterly profit points up, single-crystal dragons are prominent.
O4 performance loops are up and demand from overseas is up, basic data (as of 17/01/2019) The company achieved a net return profit of 1.691 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2018, of which only the third quarter was spent.
384 million yuan. Company q4 achieved a net return profit of 970-1070 million yuan, a rise of 153 to 179 per cent in the ring. Prices in the photovolt industry chain fell sharply, with prices falling by more than 20 per cent in the second half of 2018 alone.
The “mip” was terminated on schedule, and overseas demand continued to rise. At the same time, it was supported by the needs of domestic runners for the project, and the price of batteries increased continuously in and out of the country at the end of 2018 and was highly efficient in terms of major shareholders (2018 q3)
The perc battery is even more in short supply, pulling up the upstream silicon. We expect a significant increase in the volume of goods delivered by the company in the fourth quarter, while the Māori rate recovers steadily in the larger context of the upward silicon expansion price.
As the monocrystal supply chain process matures, domestic leaders plan projects to move forward with rapid expansion and distribution, and the monocrystal city has started to rise in China and spread its roots abroad.
According to emergytrend, despite the impact of 5.31, single crystal aggregate production compared to exports over the last six months with 300 shares at depths. The supply capacity of single crystal supply chains is steadily increasing, and the prices of products are becoming better.
The market share of monocrystal products is still expected to grow. For export abroad, the export share of monocrystal products was 12.4% in 2017 and 24.5% in the third quarter of 2018. In the first half of 2018, the company achieved 1.54 billion monocrysil tablets, of which it sold externally.
758 million pieces, self-service 786 million pieces; delivery of 3,232mw single crystal battery assembly, of which 2,637mw is sold out, self-service 375mw is sold out, and single crystal battery is sold out 220mw.
The pace of the parity process is rising and the 2019 industry is expected to return to a warmer state. The trend is toward a return to market based subsidies for light voltage. In early January 2019, the DRC and the Energy Agency jointly issued a joint launch on the issue of active promotion of wind power and unsubsidized access to the Internet at affordable prices for photovoltaic power.
The report explicitly sets out 12 major requirements to reduce non-technical costs, actively promote parity Internet access, encourage industry to over-dominantly dominate the market, and provide protection from project indicators, the financing environment, the removal of barriers and marketized transactions on a case-by-case basis. 18 years of sharp price declines in the industrial chain.
Accelerated the process of access to the Internet at par, accompanied by a recovery in overseas demand, an upswing in emerging markets, 19 years, less than expected, changing international trade, falling product prices, industry politics, and a strong voice for the world.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.