q4 performance loops have grown significantly and profitability is expected to improve continuously 21st of 2019 Lungi shares (601012.sh)
\triangleright 2018 photovolts were over 43gw year-round, and the fall in product prices led to a fall in the company's net profit on a year-on-year basis. According to the Association of Photovoltaic Industries, the size of the additional domestic photovoltaics in 2018 was over 43gw year-round, a decline of about 18% year-on-year, of which the centralized ones were about 23gw, a decrease of 31% year-on-year, and the distributed ones were about 20gw, an increase of the same year.
5%, of which about 20gw centralized and 10gw-distributed units were added after the New Deal. The higher than expected build-up of the installed machines with single crystals led to an increase in sales of corporate silicon and components, but was affected by the New Deal of 531, with prices falling by more than 30% in the industrial chain, a sharp fall in product prices leading to a fall in corporate gross interest rates, a fall in stock prices and a fall in corporate net profits.
\triangleright \triangleright End-of-month average price of single crystal perc battery (21.4%) increased by 11% to $1.22/w compared to early October, single crystal perc battery (21.5% +) increased by 12% to Lungi Shares (601012.sh) New Price Access Cycle, Single Crystal
1.29/w, 300w monocrystal perc component increased by 2% to $2.15/w.
In December 2018, the Unit applied for approval by the CID. In December 2018, the Unit applied for approval by the CID.
One billion), five gw/year high-efficiency monocrystal components (1.06 billion) and additional liquidity, of which the 5gw high-efficiency monocrystal components project uses a fully automated production line that is compatible with a wide range of high-efficiency battery assembly technologies, such as half a piece, bar, double-faced, and that fully exceeds the targets of the National Energy Agency's “Technology Leader” base plan, fully meets the “equal-cost Internet” demand and further upgrades the company's battery plate and component production capacity.
With the advent of a new cycle of affordable Internet access, corporate technological, cost and scalability advantages are expected to contribute to a sustained improvement in profitability. 2019 was the beginning of a new cycle of global resonance Internet access.
During the year, there was a decline in home-grown good policies and manufacturing end prices, and we expect a marked increase in domestic and global loading rates to be 2019, and domestic loading is expected to reach cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
38gw, a global installation of 125gw. The company, as a silicon and component leader, recently released battery efficiency that broke the world record of 24.06%, with obvious technological advantages; The company's new silicon project, non-silicon, has cost less than a meta/silica cost, and is expected to produce 36 and 15gw, respectively, in 2019, with cost and size advantages that are expected to boost profitability projections and ratings: the benefits will be from the growth in demand for efficient components in the quarter of the quarter of 2018, a steady increase in prices and a significant increase in the company performance ring in 2019.
In view of the gradual start of the Internet cycle, the demand side will return to growth, the company ' s technological and cost advantages will be evident, and the productivity will be further expanded to raise the market share, we consider the risk factor: below expectations: policy risks in the photovoltaic sector: friction in international trade; price volatility of raw materials, etc.
Chen Chen, Research Assistant, Master of Science, Jilin University, and, in July 2018, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is currently engaged in research on new energy sources. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.