Quarterly profit rollers confirm a significant increase in profit forecasts, single-season net profit rings increase, and profit profitability turns upwards: in the medium value of the forecast range, the company ' s net profit for 2018q4 seasons reached $1.02 billion (excluding $910 million) and the ring grew by about q3 seasons.
One hundred and seventy per cent, showing a strong profit elasticity in the recovery of the industry, was second only to the peak of 2017q4 in the company’s history. In our judgement, this strong quarterly profit performance stems mainly from the combination of a recovery in the Maori rate, a significant increase in the volume of goods delivered, and a reduction in stock impairment.
Short-term profitability is expected to continue to improve in the light of the q1 season: it now appears that, as the overseas market suffers short-term performance from stock impairments, business data show a continuing over-expected release of demand, the volatility of single crystal and high-efficiency product prices since last October
We're looking forward to continuing, and perhaps even to a phased upward trend, and we're looking at the idea of “the bottom of business data” in the title of the company's 2018q3 performance, and we're looking forward to the company's “two consecutive quarters.
The company's core business of single crystal silicon and high-efficiency perc battery modules were both high on the 2019 industrial chain 3. "The component exports have made a major breakthrough towards internationalization one."
With regard to the high-profile segment, earnings are expected to continue to outpace expectations: the 2019 photovoltaic industry, which is expected to recover overall against a background of steady and significant growth from overseas, but due to the links in the industrial chain, is expected to recover.
4. " At the worst of times, profitability will vary from season to season, the cost levels and the output structure of enterprises within the same chain, and there will be a significant differentiation between the landscape of the different manufacturing chains and the profitability performance of the different enterprises (see the annual strategy report for further details).
High Profitability Innovation, Component Operations Reproducing Silicon Single Silicon/Commodity Operations, which, along with further transfer of beneficial end demand to Single Crystal, also have a successful path - the Lungi Annual Stock Exchange Review.
The high-speed expansion of single-crystal perc batteries in the industry and the full-power structure of their own battery assemblies are efficient and allow for additional overprofit space. The silicon silicon continues to drop and the battery continues to work, guaranteeing long-term competitiveness and overprofit space for companies:
The company’s progressive uphill production of silicon bars and its continuous technical advances in the areas of crystallization speed and thinning are expected to keep the silicon business ahead of the market pattern, which basically forms a double-head; the battery assembly company, which recently broke the single crystal perc battery efficiency record with 24.06 per cent of efficiency, has gone forward.
A step-by-step demonstration of the company’s leading sheep position and the potential development of the perc technology route in the chain.(8621)61357595 We have increased the company’s profit forecast to reflect the recovery in industry and recent product price performance.(8621)
Localization and implementation of domestic policies have had less than expected; the international trading environment has deteriorated further.As a result of the analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market, the final rating is calculated on average and is then calculated as the average market investment.