On February 22, the price of the company's single crystal silicon increased, while an announcement was made for the construction of the Yunnan silicon stick and silicon silicon second phase.
The company, as a single crystal tap, rated the plate: a domestic price of 3.15 yuan per plate of single crystal silicon, stronger than that of the major city, compared to the previous price increase of 0.1 yuan per plate;
The external price is US$ 0.395 per piece, up by US$ 0.015 per piece. This is the first price increase in corporate silicon since 2018.
It is proposed to invest in the construction of the Yunnan single crystal silicon stick and silicon silicon phase II project: company announcement, proposed to build the Bosan phase II, 6gw single silicon stick per year, 6gw single silicon stick per year for Lijiang, 10gw single crystal silicon capacity per year for Chu Yuen II, with a total investment of approximately 5.2 billion yuan, respectively, expected for the Pausan phase II and the Lijiang phase II.
By July and May 2020, the design capacity was achieved, and by March 2020 the construction capacity was expected to be achieved. According to the company’s silicon business plan, single crystal silicon production will be distributed by the end of 2018-2020.
It is proposed to invest in the 1gw monocrystal battery project: the company also announces that it will be able to achieve design capacity in September of that year in Malaysia. This project will be beneficial for the company’s output in overseas markets and will help.
In addition, the company announced that it had received approval from the Chinese CSRC for the company’s shareholding application. The company’s shareholding is expected to speed up the five-gw single crystal battery and the Xiangzhou.
The construction of a single 5gw crystal component further enhances the integrated competitiveness of the company.
Bank of China International Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, Lee Kowloon.