The marketing-scale industry is leading, and forward-looking deployment of overseas production capacity was seen on the 03rd of September 2024 as being largely affected by increased industry competition and a decline in the profitability of components.
The N tap is firmly in place and continues to deepen the globalization strategy. Outward: in the first half of 24 months, the company achieved the \triangleright component of 43.8gw, of which the N component was sold at 35.9gw, or more than 80%, up to the top.
Six months ago, the output of the company ' s components exceeded 260gw, and the sales of the n-type components kept the industry in the lead. According to the company, 24q3 was projected to be from 23-25gw.
Dun Yongkang has maintained a 98% + and a good rate and efficiency that keeps the industry ahead. According to the company, by the end of 24 years, the production of silicon, batteries, and components will reach 120/95/130gw, respectively.
In the emerging market, the Middle East, which accounts for about 50%, and in the rapidly rising Pakistani market, the company has now signed more than 4gw a year, and the Thai market has continued to rise. In addition, the company announced its engagement in July this year.
Agreement with shareholders such as the Public Investment Fund of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for the construction of 10gw electric power in Saudi Arabia, taking into account the increasing demand for renewable energy in Saudi Arabia, which we believe will be followed by the arrival of the project
To deepen the corporate globalization strategy and boost the city’s presence, it is hoped that the company’s performance will be strongly supported. Jubiño actively expands the new growth poles into the storage energy track.
There has been some progress in the development of overseas storage markets, such as in Bolivia and South Africa, where companies rank a few of the storage capacities and components on the market as first-tier suppliers in the list of suppliers of storage energy and components released by bnef. On the product side, companies have upgraded their products through continuous technological innovation, introducing the 5mwhales-Standard System.
Sunterag2, which provides clients with better-quality storage energy solutions. 1. Crystal Energy (688223.sh) 2023 Annual Report Review: \triangleright
Crystal energy (688223.sh) Quarterly Review 2023: Performance exceeded expectations, n-topcon continued performance and maintained a “recommended” rating.
\triangleright 3. Crystal energy (688223.sh) 2023 semi-annual report.
4. Crystal Energy (22-year report (688223.sh) and 23-year quarterly reviews: high performance rate, N-share expectations: q3 performance bright, N-assembly yield dividends gradually released
2022/10/31 Research findings based on methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not been, or will not be, charged directly or indirectly with the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.