Circular Express (600233.sh) rating: October Express Delivery \triangleright 1
31.18 per cent, we believe that the same increase in business was the result of a fall in sales of two or eleven pre-sales, while the other was a steady increase in the share of companies, which grew 7.2 percentage points faster than the industry in October, and the city was on the boom, with a steady recovery in the price of single tickets.
Air cargo and international operations are expected to build the second growth pole of the company. The company’s asset barriers to internationalization strategy are high, fully built up within a few years of its own air fleet by the end of June 2024, fully operational by 2025, and future hub network layouts will be “one top nine, three plus three”
As a key node. Looking ahead, companies are expected to continue to deepen their internationalized development strategies, move forward with the Express Out of the Sea project, expand the layout around international couriers, international freight and supply chain operations, with a focus on sending countries Risk factors: less than expected demand for physical commodity networks; deteriorating electricity-to-trade price competition; and the end end of the spectrum
Review: Net profit from the 24h1 express service is positive for the year, 13%, and it's good to see the digital project continue to drop in effect.
Mid-2014: Performance is generally smooth, branded, and Sinda Securities Inc.
In the major areas of transport such as delivery, logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, shipping, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.