The performance is good, resource development opens up the space for growth, the performance is growing faster and the new contract is rising steadily.
The value of the newly signed contracts for metallurgical engineering was $19,995 million, or 21.67 per cent, or $10.52 per cent, or 85.24 per cent of the new contracts.
The main reason for the growth in the pipeline contract was that the company had the advantage of the entire industry chain of metallurgy, and was working on non-steel construction, such as building houses and infrastructure, on a continuous basis. The IRC proposed a change in the performance indicators for the company, from “two profits” to “two benefits”
The "4-per-cent" adjustment was changed to "1-per-cent-per-cent" and the annual business objective of "one increase, one-and-a-dip" was proposed, with the main change being to convert the net profit test into an appraisal of roe, and the profit margin from operating income into an examination of operating cash ratio.
Driven by the new appraisal system, the company will either focus more on profit quality and cash flow security, and with the construction of the China-specific valuation system, the company is expected to meet the fundamentals and the resonance of valuation.
Active deployment of overseas markets, resource development and growth point. In 2022, companies, in the field of overseas metallurgy, newly signed contracts in the amount of $4.02 billion for Viet Nam and citrus steel, iron and steel phase two, iron and steel, scalding, scalding and raw materials field project, Asai, Kazakhstan.
The Lemitar Celebrator Project, which followed the phase one of the Cobalt Cobalt Project on the island of Obi, Indonesia, and the phase one of the Indonesian Obi Nickel Project, contracted the second phase of the Rkef Project in Indonesia.
There are 122 offshore agencies in 48 countries and territories around the world, of which 62.3 per cent are “one-way” institutions, 6391 million United States dollars are newly signed “one-way” contracts, an increase of 26.8 per cent over the same period, and $3.256 billion are collected.
In 2022, the company completed the acquisition of three mining rights for the Sia Dicken mining project in Pakistan, with a total of 1,014 million tons of new resources. The future company's mines will be further expanded to actively promote Aina in Afghanistan.
The Kronco mining project, which provides a reserve for resource development business growth, suggests that companies have the advantage of a whole industry chain for metallurgical engineering, and that further expansion of their operations with resources will open up new opportunities for growth.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.