Tupou Group (601689.sh) Rapid growth of product lines, with 63-77 per cent growth in net profits in the third quarter and 63-77 per cent growth in net profits in the third quarter. Real gains are projected for the first three quarters of 2022.
Modular suppliers for the eight major types of track. Tupou is guided by platform-type companies and modularized suppliers. 1) 52 weeks of maximum/minimum price expansion: 8 series of products (one-car package of approximately $30,000) + robotic implementers (package)
(b) Product fixation: the company ibs, eps, air-suspensions, heat management projects received one gas, Gilly, Cyrus, co-founder, high-compartment, etc. The construction of the acre factory was accelerated, and planning for the first phase of the Mexican plant of 220 acres and the county base of Anisu was accelerated;
Transferable debt (assembly of $2.5 billion) has been issued for the expansion of the light-quantifiable chassis system by 4.8 million units/years; 4) Clients have pioneered new changes in the division of labour through the application of the Tier 0.5 level cooperation model, with domestic cooperation with companies such as Biadi, Gilly, Cyrus, Ulai, Peng, Ideas, etc., and with international markets and Rivian, lucid, etc.
Technology firms and traditional car companies like Ford, gm, and fca have cooperated fully in the area of new energy vehicles.
Bottom plate + light weight + interior features + car electronics, etc.: not more than $200 million invested in Mexico with subsidiaries (light-quantified chassis + interior systems + heat management systems + robotic implementers, etc.); in Xian Tupou Group (601689.sh) - multi-product-driven performance growth, net profit for the second quarter
Investment of $3 billion (lightly quantified chassis plus interior and interior apparel plus smart brakes plus intelligent transitions, etc.); August in Top Group (601689.sh) - Sustained growth in performance, plus capacity and advancement. Top Group (601689.sh) - Positioning multiple product lines, sustained performance.
Billion dollars to win the pre-Poyt Bay plot (heat management total + air total + light-quantified chassis + interior etc.) (when Top Group (601689.sh) 2022 first quarter net profit for mother pre-enhanced Tupou owns 2,600 acres of land in the new area of the former Bay, becoming the most important production base).
Performance is expected to continue to grow as a result of the global deployment and upswing of production capacity, as well as the progressive production of automobile electronics. Investment proposal: Tesla’s national production core standard maintains an “upscaling” rating.
Client exposure. Maintenance of previous profit projections, with net return profits projected at +15.39 per cent in 22/23/24, respectively, and a reverse growth in earnings and profits achieved by the public sector, benefiting from the positive effects of a wide range of product lines, system R & D capabilities and innovative business models.
Figure 2: Corporate income and growth in the single quarter, Figure 4: Corporate net profits and increase in the single quarter, Figure 3: Corporate net profits and increase
A sustained focus on R & D and earning capacity is expected to continue to rise. q2 M & D rate, 22.09%, same ratio +2.26pt, ring ratio + 1.32pt, is mainly related to interior interiors (h1 M & 1 ratio + 1.35 pt) and bottom system operations (h1 M & 1 ratio +2.08 pct) with a better margin; q2 net interest rate of 10.56%, same rate +1.98pt, ring ratio +0.25 pt; companies continue to weigh.
Depending on R & D, the q2 R & D rate is equal to +0.69 pt, the ring ratio + 1.57 pt, and the financial cost rate is an increase in exchange rate earnings by billions of yuan.
Automobiles + electronics, etc.; no more than $200 million invested in subsidiaries in Mexico (light-quantified chassis + interior system + heat management system + robotic implementers, etc.); $3 billion invested in Xian (light-quantified chassis + inside and outside of the chassis + smart brake + smart switch); $2.5 billion invested in August in the county of Aniju (light-quantified chassis + I)
In October, it won $106 million for the pre-Bonn tiles (heat management total + air total suspension total + light-quantified chassis + interior etc.) (Tupou now owns 2,600 acres of land in the new area of the former Bay).
The company constructs the car ' s nvh shock system, interior and interior adornment system, lightly quantifys the body, smart cabin parts, heat management system, chassis system, air hangar system, smart driving system with a total of eight business plates that can provide a one-stop, system-level, modular approach to customers.
(b) Products and services, with a single-car complement of approximately $30,000, with product structures gradually achieving full coverage of the chassis and associated system key parts. (1) Company (1) chassis system fast-disbursing and order opening (aluminium scooting with a new ideal car order) (2)
The thermal management system, which is a horizontally developed new product class based on ibs technology, has now developed two-generation products and is in contact with a number of clients: (3) auto electronics operations, which are now well advanced in the transmission poles and ibs projects; (4) air-strokes, where the company air-soverear system has the capability to develop the whole system, parts and aggregates, and is available.
The company has such rich product lines as scaffolding systems, wire brakes, wire diversions, etc., and has the necessary elements for integration lines, control chassis, and skateboard chassis. The line chassis is a necessary condition for high-level auto-drive, and the chassis can be innovative, faster and less costly.
The capacity of the service to respond to technological developments and possible innovative models of the entire e/e control structure and zonal control. Companies actively deploy the robotic industry. The global workforce is estimated to be about 3.45 billion, assuming human robots.
The motion executor is one of the core components of the robot, which requires a larger number of motion executors because human robots need to simulate human actions. The company's motion executors are made up of components such as electric machines, electrical control, and speed-reducing institutions, and the sample is approved by the client.
(a) Client development: through the Tier 0.5 level of cooperation model, leading to new changes in the division of labour in the industry, domestic cooperation with companies such as Biadi, Gilly, Cyrus, Ulé, Peng, Ideas, international markets and traditional companies such as Rivian, Lucid, Science and Technology, and Ford, gm, fca, all cooperate fully in the area of new energy vehicles;
The company's ibs project, the ps project, the air hangar project, the heat management project, and the customers of Gilly, Cyrus, the co-founder, and the high-composure clients, respectively, were targeted: production capacity plus code, and expansion at the sea and beyond. Around the country's major auto industry clusters, the company is already in Ningbo, Chongqing, Wu.
In order to better serve international customers, companies, factories or storage centres in the United States, Canada, Brazil, Malaysia, etc., Polish factories have already started bulk production, and plants in Hangzhou Bay IV, V, VI, VII and Chongqing have accelerated construction of about 1,400 acres, and plants in Mexico's first 220 acres and the United States.
In an orderly move, the installation of the county base is accelerating planning; through the above-mentioned factory layout, more rapid and efficient services will be provided to clients and guarantees will be provided for further expansion of the global platform’s operations.
Based on the production plan guidance provided to the company by the current mainframe plant, Tupou will need approximately 5 million units per year and 6.5 million units per year in 2022 and 2023.
In 2020, the company launched a non-public equity fund-raising campaign, and the automobile light-quantified chassis system project was expanded, with an annual capacity of 4.8 million light-quantified chassis module products expected to be produced in the post-natal period by 2025, plus a code-based capacity to build capacity of 4.8 million light-quantified chassis module products per year (1.6 million staircases)
+1.6 million flyer systems + 1.6 million switchboards are expected to be based on about 10 million lightly quantified acre production bases in 2025, while plants are being set up in Taizhou, Kimhua, Chang Hing, Yu Ning, Chongqing, Huanan, Xian (for), Chongqing II (for), Poland, Mexico, etc.
All of the above-mentioned capacity will result in an annual supply capacity of 6 million vehicles, effectively reducing supply bottlenecks. The company Ningpo Production Base provides a light-quantified chassis for global customers, which will allow for multi-process + multi-species synergy and maximum plant and equipment usage.
To reduce costs; plants outside Ningbo can provide customers with near-distance packages (e.g. Chongqing Quantified Deck 5 50 meters from the m7 plant). As the future market rises in light-quantified demand, the company ' s continued penetration of new customers, and the production of new models of vehicles, it will become possible for the company.
The chassis system is the company’s core strategic layer, with a high rate of growth, expected to grow to 100 billion class bodies in 2025 compared to +2.08 pct, which accounts for 26.3% compared to 2021 and +3.37 pct. The main products of the chassis business are the main products.
These include products such as aluminum control arm, turnover festival, and co-carracks, based on sales and revenues from the company ' s chassis system, measuring the price of a single chassis system at around $900 to 1,000 yuan, and the planned production capacity of 9.96 billion knapsacks in 2025, with a compound growth rate of nearly 40 per cent, which is expected to support the core of the next few years.
(b) Project location is expected to reduce production capacity tensions to a certain extent (Baseboard system q1 capacity utilization of 102.2%, H1 bottom system yielding +100.47%), which is conducive to market expansion.
Increased performance provides firm guarantees for companies to open markets to meet the growing demand of their customers. During the reporting period, companies forged strategic partnerships with more new energy vehicles, markets opened rapidly, company lines of eight products oriented towards smart electric car layouts developed rapidly, and orders grew rapidly.
With the global layout of the company’s output and the acceleration of the slope, as well as the progressive production of the car electronics-related business, the company’s performance will continue to grow at a relatively high rate. On the basis of mature customers, such as gypsies, generics, and new forces like Tesla, benefit from the Tesla industry.
It is important to make a significant increase in downstream demand, and the Tupou Group can grow in the long term as new forces, Chinese and other customers pick up. Select Texla’s core supplier Xing, Santino, Burtley, Desaixivee as a comparable company, with more company operations and performance release periods as a result of the volume of production.
One of the targets of the greatest elasticity in Tesla’s industrial chain. The company’s sustained performance benefits from the marginal cost of productive energy release and from the volume of core car customers. As the company’s new products expand well, platforming, modularization continues to increase profitability and end-users Tesla, Gilly, Generality, New Power, etc.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject