In the evening of 30 October, the company issued a tri-quarter report for 2019, in which it achieved business income of $50,755 million, an increase of 23.40 per cent over the reporting period; in the three-quarter recovery of the company's coal production, the first three-quarter rises in the company's coal production.
As a result, coal production has been limited and has returned to normal for three quarters, while SMS-1 has entered a joint commissioning operation, with the company producing 83.52 million tons of coal in the previous three quarters, an increase of 4.32 per cent over the previous three quarters: sales of 12.34 million tons, an increase of 20.98 per cent over the previous three quarters; and the coal plate, a rise of 3.36 per cent over the previous three quarters, where coal prices have remained high, with higher costs and a slight decrease in unit profitability.
In the first three quarters, the full cost of coal produced by the company as a commodity was $222.77 per ton, an increase of $39.77 per ton (21.73 per cent) over the previous three quarters. This is mainly due to three factors: first, the resumption of active production in the second and third quarters of a mine with limited production during the first quarter, which has led to an increase in the cost of coal in the first three quarters; second, the increase in the cost of coal in the same year due to a 2.3 per cent sales income levy on the Geological Governance of Mines and the Land Reclamation Fund; and third, the introduction of a 6 per cent tax on resources in the Tianbei region since 1 August 2018.
The Quarterly Review of the Sãoxi Coal Industry (601225.sh): Quarterly production is gradually released from additional capacity, with robust growth in performance. In the first three quarters, the company obtained a total of 28 million tonnes/year of approved capacity for mine No. 1 and mine No. 2, respectively.
In addition, the Sãoxi Coal industry (601225.sh) is reported to be in production in the fourth quarter of 2020, and the São Paulo Coal industry (601225.sh) is reported to have performed in 18 years, and is expected to be operational in the fourth quarter of 2020. The Sãoxi Coal industry (601225.sh) is expected to become operational in the fourth quarter of this year.
Mines, as well as the share-in-stock Ansan mines, are also gradually increasing their capacity. Since 2019, companies have been moving into a period of endogenous growth with robust performance.
The sum of $18,094 million in gold and 1,498 million in traded financial assets, totalling $19,592 million, is significantly larger than interest-bearing debt. As the company’s production is gradually released, cash flows are expected to continue to improve, with the cash on the books accumulated and the value of the property is high.
Profit predictions and ratings: benefiting from the high climate of the coal industry, the maintenance of a medium-high coal price hub, the steady release of additional productive capacity from companies, and the fact that the profitability of companies will add one factor to the price-catalyzing factor: the over-expected governance of illicitly produced coal mines, the timely release of new production capacity, and the smooth progress of the Monhua Railway. Risk factors: the large macroeconomic slowdown, the risk of safe production, etc.
He is a member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation (CIEAC) and of the China Sindha Business Audit Advisory Expert Bank, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association (which chaired the work), engaged in research and research in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, the revision of coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy projects. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He has been in charge of research on the coal sector since 2019.
Wang Chimin, Master of Mining Engineering College, China Mining University, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2017 to conduct research in the coal industry. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CVM has granted. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities Commission. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sunda securities and provides support and reference for investment decision-making in this category, with strict mutual agreement on rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.