A single-quarter profit rises to an all-time high, growth and value attributes 01 November 2019  Events: 3 quarterly reports issued by companies and 50,755 million won in the first three quarters, a year-on-year increase
23.40 per cent; net return to mother ' s profit of 908 million yuan, or 2.47 per cent more than the previous year; net return to mother ' s share added up and up to a record level in the single quarter: 84 million tons of coal production in the first three quarters, according to corporate announcements, increased by 4.32 per cent; sales of 123 million tons, or the same amount
The increase was 20.98 per cent, and the increase was mainly due to the contribution of SMS to the start of production; the average price of coal sales in the previous three quarters was 396.86 yuan per ton, an increase of 3.01 per cent, but the average price of coal sales in the last three quarters was 10.35 per cent lower. The revenue from coal operations in the previous three quarters was 48.814 billion yuan, an increase in the same year.
▪ Increase in performance: Infusion of small insider and extended assets, with an expected additional capacity over the next three years; 13 million tonnes/year of approved production for mine number 2 by Xiaobo, which is currently under construction and is expected to be completed by 2020; 2) Extension level, under the umbrella of the group, Cao House, Mon Village, Small
The estate project has a combined capacity of 27 million tonnes/year and is already in a joint commissioning state, with a future of 1, National Power Injection (600886); Waterfire, which resolves competition among peers, and which is expected to gradually enter the listed company; therefore,
It is conservatively estimated that the company’s coal capacity will increase by more than 20 million tons over the next three years.
• Higher prices for performance growth: the Monhua + Jingse railway has successfully travelled, more products will be sold to the price 2, Monhua Railway Research: North Coal South, Higher Region: The country's largest dedicated coal line, Monhua Railway (design capacity 200 million tons)
Major arteries delivery is expected to be officially completed by the end of September: 1) subject to resource endowments and traditional sea river transport plants plus upstream coal companies are expected to benefit significantly)
The cost of coal is 20-30 per cent higher than the national average in the region of the two lakes and rivers.) According to our calculations, the Monhua Railway has reduced freight costs by 82, 31 and 63 ton, respectively, compared to the traditional means of transport, i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e.e., i.e., i.e., i.e.e., i.e., i.e.e., i.e., i.e.e., i.e., i.e.e., i.e.e., i.e.e., i., i., i.e., i.e., i., i.e., i.e.e.
3. " In-depth study of the coal industry: the effects of the coal industry, weather, etc. " . 3) The company is currently based on land sales, with the highest price, the highest value of the two banks, performance growth + valuation.
The regional share is only 16%, and the Jing-Sang Railway, which is controlled by the Qing-Sang Coal Group, is on track with the Mon-hua Railway. The 2019-05-05 vehicle is expected to help companies to increase the proportion of coal sales and the average price of sales can be raised.
Research in the Coal Industry: A Centuries Unprecedented Change - New Changes in State Enterprise Reforms Impacting Submarine Power Plants and Steel Plant Coal Demand, etc.; 2) Supply: Impacts of events such as mine accidents Impacting Coal
High growth in the main industry, working together on “steadstone” energy, mineral energy, environmental protection and security enhancements affecting the release of coal, etc.) Prices: Coal Prices Transition to create a leader in the heterogeneous cell industry
The company published three quarterly reports, which generated a revenue of $50,755 million in the first three quarters, an increase of 23.40 per cent over the previous quarter; a net profit of $908 million, an increase of 2.47 per cent over the previous quarter; and a net profit of $892 million, an increase of 0.58 per cent over the previous quarter.
According to the company announcement, coal production was 84 million tons in the first three quarters, an increase of 4.32 per cent in the same year; sales of 123 million tons, an increase of 20.98 per cent in the same year, the increase being mainly due to the contribution of SMS to the start of production; sales of coal in the previous three quarters averaged 396.86 yuan/tons, an increase of 3.01 per cent in the same year, but sales of coal averaged 10.35 per cent in the first three quarters.
Quarterly coal revenue was 48,814 million yuan, an increase of 24.22 per cent over the previous year; Māori was 21,322 million yuan, an increase from the previous year, a historic rise.
The advantages of corporate resource endowments are clear: 1) rich reserves + regional concentration, the main production of “one or three or three” high-quality coal species: 2) the provincial railways are well developed and have a certain margin advantage over the Shinmon region; in addition to the resource endowments, the company itself is doing a lot of in-house work in science, technology and innovation and network trading platforms, so many core profitability indicators are at the forefront of the industry:
Between 2016 and 2018, Roe, Māori rates, net interest rates, and the cost of selling home-grown tons of coal were ranked first, second, first and second in the industry.
The company has 16 pairs of hand-held mines with an authorized capacity of 114 million tonnes/year, taking into account: 1) the endogenous dimension, and S. P. I. is in the formal production phase, with an expected increase of 8-10 million tonnes if S. P. I. is up to 80% in 2019; S. P. II. S. B. B. B. B. is currently operating at 13 million tonnes/year.
At the construction stage, it is expected to be completed by 2020; 2) at the outreach level, the combined capacity of the Cao Bian, Mon village and small estate projects under the group flag is 27 million tonnes/year, and they are already in joint commissioning, and this portion of assets is expected to gradually enter the listed company in the future in order to address the competition issue; therefore, it is conservative to estimate corporate coal over the next three years
The price of the increase in performance has risen: the Monhua + Jingse railway has successfully travelled, and more products will be sold to the Monhua railway, the largest coal line in the country (design capacity 200 million tons/year), which was officially completed at the end of September: 1) subject to resource endowments and traditional means of transport in the Sea River, and coal prices in the two lake and river regions.
20-30% above the national average. 2) According to our calculations, the Monthua Railway has reduced freight costs by 82, 31, 63 ton on the traditional mode of transport, 1 and 2 routes, respectively, and has the advantage of having a short transport time and not being affected by the weather. 3) The company is now based on land sales, with the highest price being the ratio of the two lakes and 1 river areas.
At 16%, the Jing-Sang Railway, which is controlled by the Coal Group, and the Mon-hua Railway, is expected to help help companies to increase the proportion of coal sold and the average price of sales over time. Valuation increases: smooth cash flow operations + deployment along the industrial chain, with weaker cyclical properties and growing cyclical properties.
1. Net cash flow is the basis: strong monetary funds and robust cash flow operations provide the basis and possibility for companies to be counter-cyclically configured along the industrial chain, reducing their own cyclical properties. 2) Upgrading along the industrial chain is at the core: companies invest.
The capital and management team has demonstrated its vision and ability to invest in Lungi shares, and will continue to expand along the chain of coal deep processing industries in the future.
(i) Demand: macroeconomic downside impacts downstream demand in the coal industry, supply side reforms impact downstream power plants and steel plants 2) Supply: Events such as mine strikes affect coal-mining energy: environmental protection and improved security affect coal-mining delivery
3) Prices: Coal price volatility, etc. East Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the China Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory committee