Tsangxi Coal (601225): Increase in volume, Tsangxi Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Group Co. Ltd.
Incidents: The company issued its third quarter report for 2019 on 31 October, during which it made an operating contribution to its assets, in association with the Tri-Gorge Group, the Power Development Group, the Colored, the Drum Group, on 23 December 2008.
The company’s main business is to increase the price of the coal business, and Maori is growing steadily. The company’s coal production for the first three quarters was 8.52 million tons, and was listed for coal mining, washing, processing, marketing and production services.
Coal companies ranked second, +4.3 per cent; sales of 12.34 million tons, listed coal companies ranked third, equivalencies. The main product is coal, characterized by low ash, low sulfur, low phosphorus, high heat, etc., which is a high-quality power, chemical industry, etc.
+24.22 per cent, with an average ton of coal sold at $396, or 2.7 per cent, and a marketing cost of $27,490 million, or $173 million, or 14.6 per cent, for smelting coal.
The rise is due to depreciation following the conversion of the coal mine and the tax rate on coal resources in Elmwood City, which was raised from 6% to 9% as of 1 January 19; production capacity released to Hmonghua.
In 2019, the company’s capacity was increased by 18 million tons, with an equity capacity of 1070 tons. The company’s northern mines can transport coal to China via the Jing-Tao-Munghua railway, which is on the same track as Mon-hua.
The company, together with the company, has co-financed the setting up of a coal supply chain management company, with a new company registered capital of $4 billion, with a 51% share in the coal bank.
The industry is extractive, and coal production is a process of natural resource removal. Companies expand their coal sales markets and modes in order to achieve their development strategies, starting with enhanced supply chain and logistics efficiency.
Lower costs will increase firms ' resilience to countercyclical risks, and increased efficiency in circulation will increase their trade by seven times, seven times and six times, respectively. The opening of the Monhua Railway will benefit the growing demand for coal from the company’s coal business, which will provide an incentive for the company’s increased productivity; the company’s layout at the end of the supply chain will be based on a long-term perspective.
Cost-side boosts corporate profitability and stability. We look at the future of the company and give it a "flash push, Row 4-D, Xu Kunlun."
East financial and intellectual sources of coal industry (601225): upscaling and upscaling of Maori, long-term logistics Schedule: Company profit forecast
Four-dimensional witness, three years of experience in chemical industries.
Xu Kunlen Benko and M.A. were both in the Department of Chemical Engineering at Qinghua University, formerly at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three-year experience in the management of chemical technology development.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Coal industry (601225): Increases in the price of money and logistics over time do not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.