The coal industry in Shaanxi (601225.sh) has achieved high performance in a single season, with a future increase in coal. The company issued a performance announcement for the third quarter of 19 years, with a revenue of $50.75 billion in the first three quarters.
Youy+23.4% net profit from the mother is 9.08 billion yuan, yoy+2.5%, equivalent to 0.94 yuan per share, of which 3 yoy+10.0%, qoq+3.7% are slightly higher than expected. On the one hand, companies will continue to release incremental production as mine number one, and in the short term, they will release additional capacity, and in the medium term, as mine number two, will contribute coal in the long term.
The group’s infusion of assets has led to an increase, on the other hand, in the traffic of the Hoji and Jingse railways at the end of September, and an increase in the share of corporate coal sales will drive up the price of coal, which will continue to grow steadily in the future and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Coal prices have risen sharply, and the cost of tons of coal has increased: the company’s original coal production in the last three quarters was 83.52 million tons.
This represents an increase of 4.3% over the same period, of which 2,982 million tons in the third quarter, or 0.3% in the ring, mainly due to the combined commissioning of the mine by Xiaobao I. In the first three quarters of the year, the sales were 123,441 tons of coal sales, or 21.0% more than the previous three months, mainly due to an increase in the production of the company’s major shareholders, the Coalization Group, which led to a public increase.
The increase in the volume of coal traded by the Ministry of Finance was 39.9 million tons in the previous three quarters, representing an increase of 81.7 per cent over the previous three quarters, the price and cost of the sale, the combined cost of the sale of coal in commodities of 395.54 yuan per ton, an increase of 2.7 per cent over the same period, and the cost of the ton of coal for the implementation of the Fund for Geological Governance and Land Reclamation of Mines from 1 January, which resulted in a significant increase in costs.
The combined Māori fell by 8.73 to 43.72% over the same period. The first three seasons of coal realization have had a positive impact on company performance as a result of a decline in both sales and management costs, with costs falling by 1.11 percentage points to 11.35% over the previous three seasons.
The increase in the volume of coal production and sales is guaranteed by the increase in the number of new coal deposits and the increase in the volume of sales: more than 97 per cent of the company ' s coal capital is located in high-quality coal mining areas such as Xiaobei, especially in the Xiaobei region, where the coal is well stored and buried, and where the cost of production is significant.
The annual mine and coal-selection project has entered a joint commissioning process, with 5 million tonnes/year expected to be completed in the Yuan Bay mine in the fourth quarter, 1.7 million tonnes/year equity capacity generated for companies, and 13 million tonnes/year build-up audit reviews were completed and approved for start-up at the Mini-Paugang II mine and coal-selection plants.
It is expected that production will start in the fourth quarter of next year, which will show a sustained increase in corporate coal production over the next two years, and a long-term supply-to-store coal industry, which is expected to inject corporate assets into the company to address competition issues.
The road (formerly Monhua Railway, built by the consortium) and the Jing-seong Railway have been synchronized on September 28 to achieve the southern shipment of North Coal, subject to the distribution of coal resources and relatively high coal prices in the central region, and as the transport bottlenecks of North Coal South have broken, corporate coal will be sold to the "one river and two lakes" and so on.
Taking the external sales ratio up, eventually achieving a full increase in volume prices, and steadily increasing corporate performance. A single season of profitable innovation, with cash abundance, guarantees a sustained high score: 32.1 billion yuan in net profits in the first three quarters of the company, and a new high after $3.10 billion in the second quarter of 18 years, benefiting from the company’s sustainability
A steady profit, with the company operating a net cash flow of $15.6 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 21.5 per cent, a billion yuan, an increase of 25.7 per cent in the same period, is historically high, and the company is well-funded enough to guarantee a high score.
A total share buy-back expenditure of $1.28 billion (including taxes), combined with a net return profit during the period of the red share The company increased its earnings per share at a faster rate than the net profit increase in the first three quarters of 19 years, as a result of continued repurchase of shares.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: