The single-season innovation in the coal industry has been high in recent years, and performance continues to be positive, with a net return of $9.1 billion in the first three quarters of 19 years, an increase of 2.5 per cent over the previous quarter.
The net profit ring grew by between 4 and 3.2 billion yuan, up from a single season since 2014. Cash availability, assets, and liabilities continue to be good.
Sex, excellent profitability, and low valuation are high-quality indicators for the plate. The current city surplus is only 7.4 times higher than the net profit returned to the mother of $9.1 billion in the third quarter of 2019, an increase of 2.5%. Of this, 3.2 billion won in the third quarter, an increase of 4% over the ring, and a new high in single-season performance since 2014.
Business income increased by 50.8 billion yuan, or 23 per cent over the same period, mainly from a significant increase in sales of 21 to 123 million tons and a small increase in coal prices of 3 to 396 yuan per ton. Gross profits of 22.2 billion yuan, or 2.8 per cent over the same period, were better controlled during the period, from 12 per cent in the same period last year to 11 per cent in the current year.
The profit margin has fallen from 22% to 18%. Operating cash flows have increased by 21% to 15.6 billion yuan on a year-on-year basis, net asset volumes have risen, and sales structure changes in trade coal sales have led to weaker comparability of prices, costs, and tons of coal.
Since the mine disaster in the Kagi region caused large-scale shutdowns, companies have actively organized trade in coal (no tangible quantities were shown), and coal sales have increased significantly in the last three quarters by 21 to 123 million tons. Including trade in coal, the price of ton coal has increased by 3 to 396 yuan per year, while the cost of ton coal has increased by 22 to 223 yuan per year.
The price and cost of coal in the current period are slightly less comparable to the profits of tons of coal, as the increase in trade in coal has led to a change in the distribution structure. With Little Pocahontas, Yon Da Bian, 13 million tonnes in the second phase of the construction, and Sunjia Bian Bian,
Billions of tons, 22 per cent more than 18 years (or 24 million tons) and an estimated 79.3 million tons of equity production, growth with a strong fundamental advantage: companies have good coal with high-carat low-sulphur, high profitability (many indicators are in the forefront of the industry), good cost control, good growth, and high-yielding potential.
The expected growth in performance is expected as a result of improved railways. Due to the downward pressure on the future economy, as well as concerns about the market price of coal, we have pushed down the path to good growth, high profitability, low valuation, and high-quality targets for the plate.
With the economic downside pressure, the price of coal falling, cost, etc., exceeding expectations, good performance is not sustainable.