Three rings: mlcc base, sofc building a new engine of growth Investment rating: buying (maintaining) about 0.1 pcts. The company achieved business income of $2.32 billion in the 25q2 quarter, a 24.2 per cent increase over the same period.
Firm growth in corporate performance has largely benefited from: 1) good growth in mlcc product operations and a gradual increase in market recognition; 2) increased demand for light communications markets and continued growth in sales of the company ' s ceramic core and related products, benefiting from the acceleration of the global data centre, the construction of the ai server.
Business mlcc is moving steadily in comparison with the 300-degree trend, and sofc opens up new growth space 1) mlcc: company mlcc products have formed small, high-capacity, high-security, high-pressure, small-scale, high-growth, high-growth, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-growth, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, high-risk, and high-risk-to-to-life-to-beast-to-beast-to-bow-to-bow-to-bow-to-to-bow.
In the reporting period, companies developed and promoted the M3l series, the “s” series, the flexible electrode product, the HFcu intraelectric product, among others.
2) Sofc: The company achieved a major breakthrough in the field of sofc, with the launch of the 300 kW commercialization promotion demonstration project built by the subsidiary Shenzhen Sanhenzhen, which was the first in the country to be used for ceramic envelopes and porcelains: a reflection of the rise in raw materials and the price transfer mechanism
In response, the company responded positively to market changes, optimized its raw material procurement strategy, promoted new specifications, new applications and small 4) core plugs and others: it benefited from the global data centre and the development of a one-server, company core and phase-in.
At the same time, the company has made progress in the area of bioceramics, the hips, the head and liner of the botulinum ceramic ball have stabilized its production.
Industry competition increases risks, the supply of raw materials and the risk of price fluctuations, downstream demand is less than anticipated The risk of expanding the application of sustainable R & D inputs to products, and business expansion is less than expected.
2.2024q3 Continuous improvement in profitability, mlcc fund management, and the Investment Department of the Bolt Foundation, among others, with eight years of buyer experience. Contact person: Xiao Chun Xu, Associate Research Assistant in the Huaan Electronics Industry. B.A. Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics, Master of Accounting, Hong Kong University of Technology, 2025 plus.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.