(For the first time) The traditional advantage plate is warming up, and the emerging plate is breaking. Traditional business: in 2023, the company began to rise and the machinery generated $19.99 billion, a positive increase in the year-on-year return (+1.6 per cent vov), and the Māori rate was 31 per cent, compared to the year-on-year.
Qualitative productivity development requires that 24 years of traditional engineering panels are expected to rebound. Emerging plates: 6.65 billion yuan and $5.71 billion, respectively, for 23 years, compared to 22.7 per cent of the Māori machine, an increase of about 2 pct. The share of the domestic market is equal to the share of the small and medium-scale machinery products.
High-altitude vehicles are among the leading players in the industry, and the share of small and medium-sized customers in the domestic market is the highest in the industry. We expect that as the overseas share rises, the real estate share declines, and the emerging businesses are expected to further weaken their cyclical properties.
The company ' s overseas operations generated revenues of $17.9 billion a year, an increase of 79 per cent. Of this amount, the domestic exports were $15.4 billion, with an increase of 90 per cent per 110 per cent per cent per 100 per 100 per 100 per 100 per 100 per 60 per cent per 60 per cent per year in the same year in the overseas operations of heavy/terrestrial machinery/ tower machines and mine/farm machines.
During the year, the company established a level-I air-pipe in more than 30 priority countries around the world, with more than 350 networks in major cities around the world. An increase in the number of service points is expected to raise the level of after-sales services. Thirdly, the end-to-end business model is implemented. Through localized teams, users are connected directly to the end-user using digital platforms.
The cumulative share of the division was more than 25 times (not including this one), the share was more than 23.5 billion yuan, the historical share of the whole was about 42%, and the dividends were kept high for a long time. The total share buybacks for the last five years amounted to nearly $4.8 billion.
Development, capital investment will continue to grow, real estate investment is expected to improve, and large-scale equipment upgrades will facilitate the release of the need to upgrade engineering equipment and a small increase in overall industry demand.
As the industrialization and urbanization of emerging countries such as Asia and Africa accelerates, mining operations in countries such as Saudi Arabia and Indonesia are growing further and performing as expected, with the expectation that new business developments will give new impetus to development, upgrading infrastructure needs in advanced countries such as Europe and the United States, and potentially large markets.
With 24 years of accelerated industrial ladder development, the promotion of intelligent manufacturing, continuous downswings, increased deployment of offshore points and completion of product types, etc., we expect the company to remain robust in the country. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
China’s leading engineering-equipment-making enterprise, leading in technology, and doing a wide range of business. The Central and Central IQU was established in 1992 and listed in shares a and h in 2000 and 2010, respectively, as the first company in the industry to register a+h shares. The business covers engineering machinery, agricultural machinery, smart agriculture, new Chinese materials, etc., and maintains markets in the areas of concrete machinery, engineering and construction lifting machinery, dry sanding equipment, etc.
Companies effectively invented the number of patents first in the machinery and equipment industry, and patent combinations first in the engineering and machinery industry, and have become standard setters in the industry. Over 100 countries and territories have been configured to cover the “one-way” route and have been able to connect high-end markets such as Europe and America, Australia, and internationalization and localization have gone hand in hand.
The Central and Central United Nations Institute for Scientific Research (IUS), which has been transformed into a research institute, has made it possible to make the stock market, the parent company, and internationalize the capital of the company as a whole. This has led to the creation of a mixed ownership structure of the Hunan State Treasury, the management team and the cadre of employees, strategic investors, international investors and other mobile shareholders in 2017.
Issuance of equity incentive schemes to bind core cadres of staff with 381 million shares, first and second CMS programmes in 2019 and 2023 respectively, buy back shares to reward staff and enhance cohesion.
A global integration of resources and synergies is evident. The Central and Central Quakers have, successively, acquired (China) the Poloche Group, the British company, the Italian company Cifa, the German company m-tec, the Dutch company raxtar, the German company wilbert, in the areas of car cranes, unopening techniques, concrete machinery, dry sand slurry equipment, lifters, tower mechanisms, etc.
In 2022, a listed company, Pathfoil Technology (the main business is Automobile Electronics), was acquired, and ongoing efforts are under way to promote the dismantling of the Central and Central Huanan IUAC (the Central UAC) High-Air Machines Limited.
Overseas plants, cross-border M&As Strategic transformation, focus on core business Innovative upgrading, continuous branding
1992 - 2009: China Federation for the Construction of Mechanical Industries (ICUSS 2017: Focus on Core Business, Sales)
2010:h shares on the market, a targeted increase in shares 2012: United States dollar debt and dollar priority notes issued in Singapore)
Science and Technology Fortune 1994: Integration of the original Crete Mechanical Research of the Changsha Institute 2018: Establishment of the Industrial Internet High School
2013: Acquisition of the German company m-tec (dry sandy equipment brand)
Reorganisation of the high-rises: 1995: Merger of companies from the former Changsha construction yard 2014: Merger and purchase of a global-famous elevator company, raxtar, Netherlands.
Germany, the leading manufacturer of tower machines, 1996: the establishment of the China-China special-purpose vehicle company, which buys 60 per cent of Chirre heavy labour, and invests in the field of agricultural machinery;
U.S.C. Concrete Machinery Company and China Consolidated Finance Company Ltd.
2020: Acquisition of 100-year German agricultural machinery confirmed as dissociable
Laborabe 2019: Winnered the People's Daily "China Branding 2012: International Organization for Standardization Technical Committee for cranes"
2000: Iso/tc96 Secretariat officially settled in CID, with India (enterprise) index 100, number 45; Sino-China link
2001-2003: Purchase of British Poloche, Hunan Machine Bed, and Heavy Kota Smart Plant (joint venture of the world's largest tower intelligence company, Electrotech).
Plants, winning companies and operating in Hunan Changde with the construction of the hangars, the Pura Group, Poo Group, 2013: strategic transformation, with priority development of engineering machinery, transformation of plants)
*Lec. et al. - with the achievement of quadripartite restructuring of M & As for engineering machinery, agricultural machinery, environmental industry and financial services
2008: acquisition of Xinxi New Yellowmen, Hunan Motor Bridge Mechanism; strategic collaboration with Da Fung Holdings, Wah Tai Heavy Worker, Changde Tsin Hydraulics, and acquisition of global blends
2021: ranked first in the global crane manufacturer; Concrete equipment lead company, cifa, Italy
The overall strategic framework of the Central and Central United Nations Section is “Equipping Manufacturing + Internet”, “Producer + Finance”, which consolidates the engineering and mechanical advantage plate, accelerates the development of soil-based, high machine-potential operations, and accelerates the development of smart farming machines, intelligent agriculture, and the development of smart agriculture.
Concrete, engineering, and construction cranes are the core business of the Central and Central Joint Heavy Section, with a long history of development and strong market leadership. In 2023, concrete machines and cranes accounted for 18.41% of the total.
Land-based machinery is built around two major domestic and overseas markets, depending on the world’s leading “lighthouse plant”, where the market share continues to rise, with the share of large and medium-sized excavators multiplying over the same period, with the market share ranking among the highest in the industry. High-altitude machinery quickly ranks among the leading players in the industry, and small- and medium-scale customers in the domestic market have the highest market position, and companies are promoting high-level connections in high-level business units to inject high-speed technology.
In 2023, the share of income reached 4%, while the share of dryers and wheat mills in the domestic market remained in one-to-two positions. New materials for new materials in subsidiaries are the third largest business direction for companies, with factory construction and channel vendors/users contracting to land quickly.
The construction of the new China-China Pilgrim Pocket Plant, which began on 30 July 22, is expected to be the largest and most automated single building in the country.
Emergency is the first national response, second-hand equipment, financial services.
The focus on critical industries is on enterprises II. Corporate finance: profit increases of 52 per cent over the same year, foreign and emerging operations are visible, and corporate collections and net returns are highly positive in relation to the industry cycle as the head of engineering machinery.
08-12: Multiple factors benefiting from the urbanization process, increased investments in real estate and infrastructure, strong demand for engineering and machinery products (downstream mainly in real estate and infrastructure), up-to-date industry, rapid growth in corporate performance, income and net repatriation profits of 48.173 billion generations in 2012 and overseas expansion, respectively, a return to growth in engineering and machinery plates, and net return on corporate collections and homecomings of 651 and 651 and 651 respectively in 2020
21-22: A slowdown in domestic macroeconomic growth, a new coronary epidemic, weak capital investment, a burst of real estate bubbles, overseas Russian-Turkish conflict, 23 years of positive recovery and profits, and a double increase in Māori rates and net interest rates. According to the replacement cycle of engineering machinery products, such as excavators, 7-8 years, with massive equipment renewal policy stimulus and new-quality productivity developments, the engineering machinery plate is expected to reboot in a new round.
At the same time, some of the leading companies have been active in opening overseas markets during the epidemic, and the share of income abroad has gradually increased.23 During the course of the year, WCK achieved 47,075 million yuan, an increase of 13.1 per cent over the year, a net profit of 3.506 billion for the mother, an increase of 52.0 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of $2,708 million for the non-mother, and figure 4: WCHC operating income (million yuan) and an increase over the same period (right).
Figure 5: Net returns to mothers (millions of dollars) and rate of increase (right) to year (right) in the Central and Central and Heavy Sections: net interest rates, trends in Māori rates, Figure 7: Cost rates for the Central and Central United Nations Sections
By way of product, the traditional advantage plates are warming up, and the new ones are breaking. In 2023, the company’s cranes achieved revenues of $19.29 billion, a positive increase in the same year (+1.6% yoy); the concrete machinery was $8.6 billion, a 1.6% increase in the same year; and the new plates, such as earth machinery, high-altitude machinery and so forth, broke through, recording revenues of $6.65 billion and $5.71 billion, respectively, at a rate of 89.3 per cent and 24.2 per cent, respectively.
In mechanical products, the share of the domestic market has doubled, especially in key markets such as Guangdong, Zhejiang, Xinjiang, Hunan, and Hubei, where companies have already achieved a leading position. High-altitude operational vehicles have become the leading industry, with Māori for each product rising from 22 years to 31 per cent for heavy machinery, up from about 8 pct.
The gross gross domestic product (GDP) of high-altitude machinery rose by about 4.5 per cent compared to the previous year, with a 23 per cent increase in the gross gross gross gross domestic product (GDP) of concrete machinery by about 2 per cent, and a 28 per cent increase in the total gross gross domestic product (GDP) of high-altitude machinery by 28 per cent.
The share of overseas business income increased by 15 pct. The size of major product lines grew rapidly in priority markets overseas, such as engineering cranes, earth machinery, towers, overseas operations, which increased by 90%, 110%, 100+%, and city-level leadership in Central Asia, Africa, Turkey, South-East Asia, etc.
By 2023, the company had established a level-I air-control system in more than 30 priority countries around the world, with more than 350 network sites at all levels in cities and a network building that sunk from regional centre cities to priority cities, including the Middle East.
The same ratio exceeded 100%, with an increase of 90% in the Eastern Europe region network. 24 country-level spare parts distribution centres and 58 secondary spare parts depots were completed at service-end companies, further increasing the responsiveness of post-sale spare parts. End-to-end business models were introduced. Through localized teams, information on business systems is shared directly and directly through digital platforms.
Connecting terminal customers, tracking front-line information on orders delivery, repayment progress, quality, services, etc., reducing full chain costs, and responding quickly to product delivery effectively avoids the problem of agents tending to current market interests while ignoring customers’ long-term needs. We believe that companies will maintain robust domestic business growth for 24 years, with high overseas business growth.
First, in domestic operations, capital investment will continue to grow as the macro-national economy resumes, and real estate investment is expected to improve significantly in terms of product coverage and profitability by accelerating the development of industrial ladders, promoting intelligent manufacturing, sustaining decline and promoting the domesticization of new processes and components of new materials.
Overseas operations, accompanied by accelerated industrialization and urbanization in emerging countries such as Asia and Africa, the further development of mining operations in countries such as Saudi Indonesia, and the upgrading of infrastructure needs in advanced countries such as Europe and the United States, with a potentially large market. The company plans to: (1) continue to push the network point layout for 24 years; (2) complete product models (e.g. engineering cranes, 24 years to develop more than 100 new offshore models; high-altitude operating machinery).
It is planned to launch more than 30 new items overseas; promote mos Mexican-produced beauty certification to open the United States market); (3) optimize offshore industrial plant layout and key package supply chain development (upgrading high machine Mexican factory capacity, building new light assembly bases in Turkey, upgrading the localization of high machine concrete products and optimizing the construction of industrial bases from Russia and India); (4) deepen the construction of digital platforms for overseas operations, etc. as engineering works.
One of the best in the area of machinery, we believe that companies are expected to take advantage of good product performance, good quality, high value for money, and fast delivery to achieve an accelerated increase in municipal and brand visibility. We believe that in domestic operations, capital investment will continue to grow and real estate investment will continue as macro-national economies resume development.
In view of improvements, large-scale equipment upgrades will facilitate the release of demand for the replacement of engineering equipment, with a small increase in overall industry demand. Overseas operations, accompanied by accelerated industrialization and urbanization in emerging countries such as Asia and Africa, further development of mining operations in countries such as Saudi Arabia and Indonesia, and an increase in infrastructure upgrading needs in developed countries such as Europe and the United States, with a potentially large market.
We expect companies to keep their domestic business robust and their overseas operations strong. We expect companies to achieve net profit returns of $4.445 billion in 2024-2026, less than expected risks of recovery, less than expected risks of falling policies, less than expected risks of expanding new products, more competitive markets, etc.
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.