A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
WuXi AppTec (603259 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Accelerated growth in 3Q20 driven by
strong
performance in CDMO and China-base lab service
Target Price
RMB139.05
(Previous TP
RMB131.98)
■ Strong growth acceleration in 3Q20. WuXi AppTec reported third-quarter
Up/Downside
+23.32%
revenue of RMB4.58bn, up 35.4% YoY, Non-IFRS net profit was up 44.3% YoY
Current Price
RMB112.75
to RMB958mn. Attributable net profit decreased 8.1% YoY to RMB651mn, mainly
China Healthcare Sector
due to foreign exchange loss. Third-quarter has achieved significant growth
compared to the first half of 2020, where China-based laboratory services, CDMO
Jill Wu, CFA
services, US - based laboratory services and Clinical research & other CRO
services realized 38.9%/ 54.9%/ -13.5%/ 16.8% YoY change in revenue.
Sam HU, PhD
CDMO and China-based lab service continue to be major growth driver.
CDMO service and China-base lab service recorded a YoY growth of 54.9%/
38.9% in 3Q20 and 36.5%/ 30.9% in 9M20. Such strong performance offset
the challenges faced by the US-based laboratory services due to the COVID-
Mkt. Cap. (RMB mn)
273,533
Avg. 3mths t/o (RMB mn)
1,491.47
19 pandemic. Thanks to follow-the-molecule strategy, the Company added
52W High/Low (RMB)
118.5/60.2
440 new molecules into its CDMO pipeline YTD and total CDMO pipeline has
Total Issued Shares (mn)
2,135
grown to more than 1,100 active projects, including 26 commercialized
Source: Bloomberg
projects, 42 Phase III projects. During the same period, WuXi AppTec has
Shareholding Structure
submitted IND filings for 18 new chemical entities (NCE) for its customers and
26.63%
Management
A-share public shareholders
60.47%
NCE IND filings with the NMPA and obtained 77 CTAs including 1 project in
H-share public shareholders
12.90%
Phase III clinical trial, 9 projects in Phase II clinical trials, and 56 projects in
Phase I clinical trials.
Share performance
■ Globalization strategy to enable innovation worldwide. YTD, WuXi
AppTec added over 900 new customers and provided services to a wide range
of over 4,100 active customers, including all the top 20 big pharma companies
Source: Bloomberg
worldwide. In 9M20, overseas customers contributed 76.4% of total revenue,
while China customers accounted for 23.6% of revenue, representing a YoY
12-mth price performance
growth of 25.3% and 34.4%, respectively. Driven by the "long-tail" strategy,
"Long-tail" & China customers 67.2% of total revenue, up 28.4% YoY in 9M20.
We lifted SOTP-based TP from RMB131.98 to RMB139.05 to reflect
strong long-term growth outlook for WuXi AppTec. We forecast WuXi
AppTec's adjusted Non-IFRS attributable net profit to grow by 35%/33%/32%
YoY in FY20E/21E/22E respectively, and attributable net profit to increase
85%/22%/32% YoY in FY20E/21E/22E. Moreover, WuXi AppTec maintained
a diversified investment portfolio which will bring significant investment gains
Source: Bloomberg
over the long term.
Auditor: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Related Reports
Enhance leading position amid
Strengthening leading position in
global CRO/CDMO industry - 13 Dec
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: CMBIS estimates
Financial Statements
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
SELL
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIS
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in
the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIS or
its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIS provides the
information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIS may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be
reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIS is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIS is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or
qualified as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA
Rules intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report
is intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing
to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as
defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced
by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined
in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the
extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.