The South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) event: the company issued a performance forecast of 2018q1, with a projected profit of about $146-151 million.
Suzhou’s performance has grown steadily. Without considering the impact of equity incentives, cost amortization, and performance incentives, Suzhou’s net profits ranged from about $178 million to $183 million. During the same period last year, the net profits were about $80 million.
In high-end markets, product prices will decline gradually and the corresponding costs will decline accordingly, according to the industry’s general pattern, and the current 18-year price reduction is expected. As raw materials follow the first-in-first-out formula, the price of raw materials will remain the same as last year’s prices at the beginning of the year, with the potential to affect the smug Māori rate.
But we believe that the impact is temporary, and the year-round profits remain optimistic as a large amount of raw material is rapidly digested last year. Cost amortization, performance incentives, etc. meet expectations.
Long-term liabilities generate financial discount costs that result in a reduction of about $8.22 million in the net profits of the parent company alone and of the company ' s combined profits. The amortization of the value added by the asset assessment is included in the cost of about $12.11 million during the reporting period, resulting in a combined net profit of about 9.4 million after tax.
• The 100-g market demand is strong, and 400-g products and domestic markets have become new growth points, with a strong headline. The demand for 100-g light modules by major cloud producers now stands at more than 9 million units in 2018, with an initial commercial year and a major eruption in 2020. Ali’s home-grown Internet vendor is also accelerating to 100g.
The market share has gradually risen to the top because of a combination of cost, capacity, technology, and many other factors. Smacking is now the world’s number one in 40g and 100g high-speed light modules. 400g products are also expected to be delivered by the end of the year.
• Based on a digital market advantage, a coded 5g light module. The company's wireless products are of a full variety, and the 3g period has begun to participate in the wireless market, accelerating progress in Pre5g, 5g, and taking advantage of the ahead. The 5g base station, which is now certified by mainstream equipment, is already in some pilot commercial projects.
It's applied, 5g layouts are in the forefront of the industry, and the drivers of future growth are clear.
The digital light module’s tap plus code 5g layout, which leads to the 5g wireless market, is expected to lead continuously in the future at 400g, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.