High growth in performance, consolidation of leadership in the light module industry Mid-Sud (300308) 2017, 2 company performance forecast for the first quarter of 2018, estimated net profit of $14.59 million to $15.98 million for the mother.
There is a growing profitability. There is a sustained demand for beneficial data centres. In 2017, the company achieved a high rate of growth in both income and net profits, and the data centre market grew rapidly, with the benefits of the middle being felt. The data centre market is gradually being extended from the traditional operators’ data centres to the Internet company’s data centres.
In the future, cloud computing centres will grow at a rate of 50%, with the number of global super-data centres growing from 259 in 2015 to 485 in 2020. Intermediary creation is a data centre light module lead enterprise with a full product line of 10g/25g/40g/100g, with technical capabilities leading at the domestic peer level.
The endlight module accounts for 83.29% of the revenue, of which 100g light module cwdm4 is increasingly the dominant product of the industry and market demand is growing strongly. In the future, companies will continue to benefit from the hard-line construction of the light module resulting from the rapid development of the data centre.
The operator’s backbone network has expanded, accelerated speed-down costs, and the fibre optics are available in the market for home-guided light modules. Operators have stepped up their efforts to build the transmission network, with middle entanglement as an enterprise upstream of the supply chain, which will benefit directly from the backbone network. 5g 2019 commercial trials, with 6 million base stations expected to be built, and 5g base stations will be built on a massive scale that will lead to light.
Modular requirements. The company's intensive deployment of the 5g telecommunications market and extensive collaboration with the domestic and foreign communications masters have resulted in a comprehensive series of 5g-based station light product series covering forward, intermediate and return, fully prepared for participation in the future 5g communications network.
In 2018, the company will continue to consolidate its leadership position in the data centre market, working to accelerate the development of new products such as 400g and wireless 25g, 100g, while increasing the supply and delivery capacity of 100g light module products. The projections are 45 times, 30 times and 25 times.
Maintenance of the “strongly recommended” rating. 1, Middle Equipment (300308), mid-point evaluation report: Slow down in data centre construction: 400g product underdevelopment.
The purchase of Suzhou Xinjiang was successfully completed, the country's high-end light module Yang Jian, Master's degree, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution sales, etc., joined the People's Association Yang Myeon in August 2015, the University of Foreign Economics and Trade Master's degree in economics, two years of business experience as an operator, and in 2017, the People's Bond.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.