A steady increase in performance in the first quarter was achieved, with the fixed addition code high-speed light module 1. Companies issued a single quarterly report in 2018: 1.399 billion yuan was collected in the first quarter of 2018, an increase of 9502.74 per cent over the same period; net return to the mother was $148 million, an increase of 34.7249 per cent over the same period.
With steady growth in performance during the quarter, the demand for downstream data centres continued to grow at a high rate of revenue and net profits during the quarter, with the ring growing by 14.86% over the quarter.
In terms of state performance, the net profit per quarter is about $166 million, with a 3.5% decline in the ring ratio, mainly influenced by raw materials, stock prices, and a 2.51 percentage point decline in the level of Maori in the quarter, which is expected to pick up in the second quarter. Companies will continue to benefit from the large demand for light modules brought about by the rapid development of data centres in the future.
The Ministry will continue to optimize its product structure, expand its capacity, and improve the market for company products through the construction of the project.
\triangleright is expected to further consolidate \triangleright.
With regard to the 400g light module project, the company plans to develop, design and manufacture 400g light communication modules, building on existing high-speed light communication modules, such as 10g/25g/40g/100g, to take advantage of technological applications, and to produce 450,000 400g capacity after delivery.
100g light module capacity to meet the growing demand from downstream customers, while developing, designing and manufacturing 5g wireless communication module products, the project will produce 1.6 million 100g light and 1.4 million 5g wireless communication module capacity after delivery. Some of the fund-raising will also be used to supplement corporate liquidity and reduce the proportion of corporate debt.
Research assistant: Yang Mye-chan doubles. Maintains the `very recommended' rating. Data centre construction slows down; 400g products are not developed as expected.
1. Midmiddle Quantities (300308): High performance growth and consolidation of the leading role of the light module industry Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
Yang Xing, Master of Arts, nine years of professional experience, long-term work in wireless research and development, system delivery, solution marketing, August 2015 joined the People's Yang Myeon, the University of Foreign Economics and Trade Master of Economics, two years of experience as an operator, and in 2017 joined the People's Trades. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used in the report are based on compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,