Heir thinker: The two-digit growth performance of 2025q3 was excellent, and the digital change effect deepened. Events: On October 30, 2025, the Heir thinker published a tri-quarter report in 2025. Sales in 2025 with the old-for-new pull effect were weaker, but companies showed strong business resilience; mature market advantages were consolidated.
Gea is moving towards the “home ecology” stage; emerging markets are rising at a rate of more than 60 per cent.25 per cent and 15 per cent respectively in Middle East/South/East/South-East Asia during the reporting period. 2) Sub-groups: traditional ice-washing advantage operations are stable, industry headlines are interesting, air conditioners are active, q1-q3 sales are equal to +31 per cent, cumulative
Net income exceeded 2024, with the successful construction of NTA (single sale 1.3 million units + 3) sub-brands: q1-q3 Qasati grew by 18 per cent, the core market for Farming Farming was upgraded with influence, the Chinese market accumulated more than 100 per cent revenue, Leader income grew by more than 25 per cent, and lazy people grew by more than 25 per cent.
Total stock/flow (billion shares) Three washing machines sold in excess of 200,000 and led to an increase in retail sales of the same number of washing machines for q3 Commanders (billions)
120%, m10 will enter the South-East Asian market and in the future into Europe, Central and East Africa, etc. *ai will change from digital depth to cost-effective operation. 1) Māori ratio: 2025q3 < < Heir wisester: 2025q2
To increase global user conversion, change efficiency is expected to boost corporate profitability over the long term.
Investment proposals: At the industry level, the global intelligent-house industry accelerates, and there are structural two-digit opportunities for growth in offshore emerging markets < < Heir wisester: 2025q1 performance. At the corporate level, digital change continues to advance, Casati continues to grow rapidly, and the diaspora continues to grow rapidly.
Long, Casati's high-end + global good business >- strong layout, pip marketing, and company revenue performance are expected to continue to grow. We expect, for example, fluctuations in rates, risks in overseas operations, etc.
Research assistant: Kim Yong-yeon Hale Jie: excellent double-digit growth performance in 2025q3 and deep digital change: excellent double-digit growth performance in 2025q3
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “My Company” or “Pacific Securities”) has a Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
If you are not a Pacific Portfolio Partner, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not
In any case, the information in this report or the opinions expressed in this report does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors are free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, sharing the returns on securities or sharing the losses of securities investments in any form.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.