Hale Jiist (600690.sh) Tri-quarters, 2025: double sales, steady increases in profits, home appliances, white appliances.
Sustained faster growth; increased profitability based on operational efficiency, global supply chain system building. Reverse domestic income growth and business resilience became evident.q3 was affected by the weakening of the country ' s replenishment effects, and my country ' s electricity retailing s0980523020001
The original systems, such as technology and smart ideas, have continued to build the competitiveness of their products, introducing “loose people wash” and “McW” products, and enhancing multi-brand marketing. q3 air-conditioning revenue grew by more than 30%, the first three quarters by 18% and Leader by 25%.
Overseas income grew robustly, and the emerging regions continued to pull up. Companies grew their overseas income year-on-year growth in the first three quarters; regional reforms in Europe released their effect, with European warming revenue q3 growing by more than 30%; emerging markets continued their faster growth momentum, with South Asia rising by more than 25% year-on-year, South-East Asia by more than 15%, and Central and East Africa by more than 15% in the previous three quarters.
Consistently optimized costs and rates, profits are steadily rising. At the same calibre, the q3 Māori ratio is equal to +0.1 pct to 27.9%, with domestic efficiency through full-process operations, overseas product structure upgrades and digitization.
The q3 company sales/management/research and development/financial cost ratio was good compared to the same cash flow. The company ' s net operating cash flow for the first three quarters was $17.490 billion, a year-on-year increase.
26.1 per cent; q3 net operating cash flow of $6.35 billion, an increase of 4.9 per cent over the same period.
Investment proposals: to raise profit forecasts and maintain a rating of “better than the big market” Hale thinker (600,690.sh) - How to look at the Heir thinker's global development space?
Hale Jiist (600,690.sh) 2024 mid-point assessment: enhanced quality of business, surplus overseas, expected to benefit from interest-reduction-led growth in household electricity demand, and global synergies continued to emerge.
Figure 3: Net corporate return profit and rate of increase, Figure 4: Single-season return net profit and rate of increase, Figure 5: Māori rate and net interest rate of the company
Figure 6: Māori and net interest rates for a single quarter of a company
Table 1: Comparable corporate valuation tables Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future