The year-round performance has increased, and product structure optimization has driven profitability upscaling.
28 per cent long, with net profit increases significantly higher than income increases (+78.2 per cent), mainly due to product structure optimization, higher Māori product ratios, leading to Māori ratios increasing by 1.9 pcts to 51.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis; scale effects are evident, with lower cost rates as income increases; non-recurrent revenue contribution, R & D costs, 2024q4
The net profit ring rose by 102.7 per cent, driven by additional deductions, increased investment returns and equity payments. The annual Maori rate of 51.5 per cent (+1.9 pcts, year-on-year) is dominated by the optimal structure of the company’s products.
Prince Road 25q1 is under pressure, but business resilience is high. Company 25q1 has 49.1% Māori in the first quarter (the same-business pattern, but the same ratio has increased; Māori has a significant resilience rate, which is maintained at 49% despite a slight decline in the ring).
The above is higher than the industry average, showing a higher price-fixing capacity for corporate products. The company’s 24q4 return and non-profits are affected by, inter alia, the inclusion of R & D costs, resulting in a higher nominal value and 25q1 return and deduction, with a larger decline in the non-observation ring.
The future of the technology-deep farming and expansion of production capacity will continue to deepen. The company will accelerate the development of the third generation of semiconductors (gan/sic) and raise the car code chip to more than 25% of the target, and the layout of the ai edge to calculate the chip.
Test capability, construction of 12 inches of bcd process lines with China-Chole International, continuous deepening of collaboration with Biadi and Wa, head-clients, and acquisition and replenishment of technical short sheets (e.g., isolation chip, high accuracy adc), projected R & D cost of over 25 per cent in 2025, with 400 additional R & D teams, focused on vehicle high pressure, industry
Investment proposal: The company is a domestic ic lead company, with a “power management plus signalling chain” going hand-in-hand, and we look forward to the high barriers to its long-term operation. We expect the company to take over the period 2025-2027 as an independent and objective source of this report, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the same in the past.
Two years of work in electronics, six years of work in securities, and a previous job in the Ministry of Trade and Finance, and Beijing Trust Securities. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022 as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
Prince Road, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom; Bachelor of Science and Technology, University of Shandong; three years of experience in science and technology industry studies; joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2020 for research in the electronics sector. This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service, and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.