Electronics Group Ceramic Materials Specialist, rich product lines contributing multi-dimensional growth in performance
Electronic ceramic experts, vertically integrated layout building technology + cost advantages. Since the company was founded, the product lines have been built around electronic ceramics, and a rich product matrix has been developed in depth.
The mlcc business has also started as a strategic business, with high-forming product breakthroughs; ceramics, sealing the base, ceramic machetes are the first to produce domestic quantities: new items such as cellular panels, mammoths, etc. are also expected to be released quickly. The company industry was largely affected by weak downstream demand in 2022.
The company is expected to benefit in the long term from the growth of demand and import substitution opportunities in downstream cars, industry, etc., with vertical integration advantages, building on the materials platform “inner + outlier” to develop multiple lines of operations, and has now achieved electrode magma, ceramic powder self-made and precision.
In 2022, the mlcc industry continued to go to storage, 2204 refractions in the price of conventional, high-conforming materials and an increase in the crop-rate ring ratio.
The stock of terminal customers and agents returns to the science level, and the company ' s mlcc crop rate rises to over 60%. The company ' s focus is on breaking out of high-quality, car regulation mlcc, 23q1 high-serving orders, accelerating progress on car regulation and steadily increasing production capacity, all of which are expected to reach post-partum capacity.
It's going to be up to 50 billion months. The company's product applications will gradually penetrate into industry, automobiles, data centers, with more than 90% of Japan and Korea's manufacturing markets, the company's core raw materials, its supply capacity, and the advantages of the integration of powder equipment, which will benefit from the depth of cost advantages.
In the communications component, the traditional business of fibre-optic ceramic cores will accelerate exports as downstream overseas markets grow, and ceramic backboards will have to be marketed.
Field penetration. In semiconductor components, ceramic envelopes are cut into the saw filter market, and there is no prospect that they will continue to benefit from the increased demand for semiconductor national + fossil crystal oscillators/saw filters. In other operations, new items such as machetes, mammoths, etc. will be flowered.
Taking the lead in a breakthrough in national production, it is determined that slurry will benefit from increased cut-off capacity and market pre-emption through active expansion and release time.
Global manufacturers have significantly expanded their supply of mlcc markets over demand, lower demand from downstream markets has released less than expected, new products have been released less than expected, product prices are at risk of falling, etc.,1 Electronic ceramics specialists have developed multi-product platform-type enterprises.1
The company has over 50 years of research and development of electronic ceramics, specialized in the development, production and sale of electronic components and materials, and is currently engaged mainly in communications components, as well as in the production and marketing of electronic components and materials.
Production and development of semiconductor components, electronic components and materials, new materials, etc. The course of company development can be broadly divided into the following three phases: (1) from inception to 2000: the company began producing ceramic base bodies and carbon membrane electrical resistance since its establishment in 1970; the production line for aluminium oxide ceramic tiles was introduced in 1996 to form a focus on the resistance and its effects.
(ii) product line patterns made from the base body and the base plate: (2) from 2000 to the company before listing: horizontal extension of product lines to fibre-optic ceramics, core plugs, mlcc, etc., during this phase of expansion of fibre-optic ceramic cores, sofc electrolytic diaphragms, connectors, etc., are among the leading companies in the world; (3) listing since 2014: companies through their industry.
The project promotes the production of bulk products, gradually accelerating the development and production of new electronic ceramics, and is currently on the market for new items such as cellular panels, electronic slurry, etc.
The company now forms a diversified product structure based on communications components, electronic components and materials, semiconductor components, ceramic fuel cell components, etc. The product structure covers from ceramic materials to electronic components to encapsulation modules, upstream and downstream industries, the chain is comprehensive, the product is rich, and is widely applied.
Cellular ceramic backboards, etc.; major products of electronic components and materials operations include mlcc, electrical resists, tiles, ceramic-based bodies, etc.: the main products of semiconductor components operations include ceramic envelopes, fingerprint recognition, functional ceramic chips, etc. In this case, fibre-optic connectors, ceramic cores, aluminium oxide, ceramic-based panels, electrical resistors, etc., are among the top worldwide sales;
Quantities of mlcc products have been introduced into the certification and delivery of small quantities by important domestic customers such as Haikang, Dahua, Haile and Star Hua; ceramic fuel companies have become the major suppliers of sofc electrolytic diaphragms and sofc single batteries worldwide
1.2. Electronic component materials are the main engine of growth, leading in profitability Growth, adding to the accelerated process of national production substitution, high demand in the passive component market, a better industry, and a significant increase in the sale of electronic components and materials, semiconductor components of the company ' s main product. (2) Product categories and customer expansion.
The market share of the corresponding products has increased further through continuous innovation, the development of new products, the break-through of high-quality technological constraints, the adaptation and development of client products, and the introduction of new customers. In a volatile environment, the demand for electronics, especially domestic electricity, led, and mobile phones, has slowed down, with downstream producers in the sector.
De-stocking cycles have continued to reduce crop rates, crop rates, product prices reached low levels in the third quarter of 2022, and corporate electronics and materials sales have declined. Communications components of traditional niche operations have steadily developed, and electronics and materials have increased.
Material/communication components/ semiconductor components/other business operations revenue of 827 million yuan, 825 million yuan, 622 million yuan, 619 million yuan, and materials subject to fluctuations in industry demand, communications components having a higher share in the country as a dominant business, performance table Figure 5: Contribution to the company's main business
Figure 6: Comparisons between corporate primary sub-business receipts and industry indicate that in the first three quarters of 2022, corporate income fell by a greater margin than congenial electronics, less than windwater highs, less than net profit, less than comparable companies. The overall demand for the passive electronics sector market continued to decline, and electricity was relatively customized.
Higher degrees, better supply patterns, and less volatile harvests than capacitor-related enterprises. The clcc regular series of products continues to experience a flat price drop, and the demand for high-end electronics products from new and strategic industries such as new energy cars, and the Internet of things stabilizes. Companies focus on breaking through high reliability, high capacity, high frequency of mlcc products, accelerating technological breakthroughs and customers for high-volume products.
In 2022, despite a decline in corporate profitability, it remained higher than Flying High School and Electronics, and it was mainly a vertical chain of companies.
There is a certain cost advantage to be gained from this process. 1h2022 electronics and materials have a Maori rate of 54,01%, a decrease of 4,35 pct: general sub-business characteristics show a more profitable and more stable profit margin for communications components: electronics and materials and semiconductor components show greater volatility. In 2018, it was mainly the Japanese Murata that abandoned the low end.
In the mlcc market, Samsung’s careful production due to mobile phone problems and the high price of the channel effect mlcc. In 2022, the decline in electronics and materials was due to a slowdown in demand, the passivity industry, and the stocking of industrial chains, leading to a decrease in public crop activity. The decline in semiconductor components was mainly due to the rapid pace of expansion, demand slowed down, and competition intensified, resulting in some capacity.
Inactivity and production management capacity have yet to be upgraded. Figure 10: Comparable net interest rate indicators for companies (%) Electronic components and materials - components of communications - semiconductor components
The overall sales and management rates are stable, and the R&D rates are increasing. In the first three quarters of 2022, the company’s sales rate was 8.50%, an increase of 3.23 pct over the same period, with a sustained increase in R&D inputs. The company’s main R&D projects include high-strength, aluminium oxide ceramic panels development, high-strength ceramic envelope base development, large-power solid oxide fuel cell modules.
Group development, high-capacity mlcc development, etc., most R & D projects have been developed, in small batch trials or client mlcc plant expansion slows down, crop rates decrease, and the original plant and channels continue to move steadily to stock.
Customized products that are less price sensitive than mlcc. Figure 12: Cost ratios for companies 3
Figure 14: Comparable corporate inventory turnover indicator Figure 15: Comparable corporate accounts payable turnover indicator 1.3, industry-wide vertical integration with technical and cost advantages
The powder formulation is prepared as a core barrier, with the verticalization of the industrial chain and the platforming of products determining long-term ceilings. Compared to metal materials, the quality of ceramic materials is closely related to the preparation process and is sensitive to minor changes in the manufacturing process, so the manufacturing process of electronic ceramics is a "knowhow" process that requires manufacturers to have a better understanding of the complete process.
The successful production of excellent ceramic products is supported by a great deal of practical experience. Electronic ceramic preparation involves the preparation of powders and formulations, sculpting, scaffolding, precision processing and analytical testing of five basic processes, which are analysed and tested, which require repeated calibrations, which are essential for research and development to become closed circuits.
Figure 16: Basic process road maps for electronic ceramics tested and tested for repeated decomposition and exploration of knowhow powders and formulations
The shape of the body, the flint, the precision of the process.
Ceramic powder, electro-electric plasma, constant burn, grinding, cutting, cutting.
Silver, heat, microwave, dispersant, plasticizer, puncture, etc.
Adders such as static formation, flow formation, knots, super-high-pressure filamentation, etc.
The company has taken the lead in the full-process preparation process for breaking through the multi-product line, using the R & D platform + experience build-up model, where material self-research and equipment self-manufacturing have significant advantages. The company has expanded its product matrix around the core e-ceramic process, where the main product line process flow is close to each other, making effective use of the full-process manufacturing experience synergies under the company's R & D platform + experience build-up model.
To import the supply chains of well-known customers in the relevant fields, both domestically and internationally. At present, companies have developed innovations in the design of electrodes, ceramic powder self-made and sophisticated molds, and have made autonomous R & D of 90% of the production equipment.
National exclusive core capacity, powder system, stacking + co-burning.
• Company: 300 + equipment development team, with the exception of raw materials + modified additives • stacking: high-capacity vs. small size
A few standardized equipment extractions, such as cnc, kilns, solar manufacturers: 0.5 μm over 1000 floors; preparation method: >25 (settling/water heating)
• Players: Dong Cao, Kyeong Cao, national china materials, III • domestic counterparts: ceramic processors, blending rings (to achieve self-made powders such as nanotrite acid)
Co-burning: Ceramic powder & metal electrodes The refinery needs to import, for example, fibre-optic ceramic cores, recalling that the company has made a technological breakthrough in the field of fibre-optic ceramic cores and has become a global tap.
In the past, the company imported fibre-optic ceramic cores and holsters in 2001, developed and developed a powder-based self-production strategy in 2015, adopted a price reduction strategy in 2016-2017, leading to a reduction in the market unit price of fibre-optic ceramic cores from $1.1/contribution to 0.45/consecution, and an increase in the global market share of companies after market shuffling from 50 per cent to more than 70 per cent, and a reduction in the price of the business ' s Māori
The ratio remains high at more than 50%, and material self-research has a huge cost advantage for the company. At present, the company has a combination of many products that are in both initial and mature stages and that are yet to be further refined, with a larger share of both new and old products and a higher share of profit and profit growth being the main logic behind the growth of its performance in the short term.