During the half-century of deep-cultivated ceramics, high-minded breakthroughs in the construction of China took place on 26st of 2023, with more than 50 tons of deep-dry, wide-area layouts of electronic ceramics. The company has been focusing on electronic ceramics for more than 50 years.
The production of molcc, ceramic envelopes and other products such as ceramic cores and aluminium oxides is among the highest in the world, and is also a pioneer in the commercialization of the national production of sofc. The company’s performance is somewhat volatile, owing to recurrent epidemics and low downstream demand, with 3,954 million in q1-3 in 2022.
Directly integrated production capacity, corporate cost control and profitability are excellent, and have been stable at 50% over the years, with a net interest rate of around 35%. Companies have a full-line, autonomous innovation capacity, ranging from materials, production processes, to equipment, system design, product layout, research and development capacity, and a strong customer base.
A recovery in demand, combined with alternative opportunities for national production, will provide a huge boost to companies’ performance. A steady build-up of production will take place in the 5g and mlcc markets, leading to a high tolerance breakthrough.
The picture is wide and is the fastest growing and most used core element of electronics, with the global market of mlcc rising to 114.8 billion yuan in 2021, and China ' s largest market of 48.4 billion yuan, or more than 45%. At present, the company has achieved a breakthrough in national production on the high-volume product of mlcc.
The extension project is gradually moving beyond the high-capacity, 5g communications, and car regulation areas, all of which will be more than 50 billion months after delivery, and will be an important national production force in the milcc trillion market. Building on the advantages of integrated production, the product mix will be diversified, and more flowering will take place.
In 2021, the company’s electronic components and materials, communications components, and the global market were the leading forces in accelerating the construction of facilities such as the 5g network, fibre optics, etc., both at home and abroad; products such as the company’s crystallization pkg, saw filter pkg, etc. broke the foreign monopoly and, with new technologies such as 5g, the Internet, etc.
Market demand has been released with stability; semiconductor sealing with titanium machetes has been successfully completed and national production forces in the chip wrapping industry have continued to be strengthened; sofc has the advantage of being environmentally clean, highly efficient in converting energy and extensive applications, and the company has achieved its first 100-degree sofc demonstration application in the country and successfully completed 210 kwsofc
The R & D project is a key enabler for the commercialization of sofc in our country. Profit prediction and valuation: the Tri-Coopers Group is a leading manufacturer of electronic ceramic components and materials in the country, and with the successful completion of investment projects, the rising market share of products and the warming of market demand, the company will perform more in the future.
Long-term growth in performance, covered for the first time, with a “recommended” rating. Risks that cannot be absorbed; downstream demand less than expected.
1.1 50 years of hard work to create an integrated layout. The Three Rings Group, established in 1970 with more than 50 years of experience in electronic ceramic research and development production, has become a leading manufacturer of electronic ceramic components and materials in the country.
By the end of 2021, the company had been selected for 33 consecutive years as China's E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-T.
Technology innovation demonstration enterprises, and one-size-fits-all manufacturing champions in China. The company operates from the development of ceramic basics, components, modules and corresponding systems, masters of various types of ceramic materials preparation, formulation, sintering, and design and production techniques for a variety of sophisticated molds.
As we move towards automation and intelligent production, we have a large-scale production of major products with good markets. Figure 1: Examples of company product applications.
The company’s fibre-optic connector ceramic cores, aluminium oxide porcelain panels, electrical resistors, etc., are among the world’s leading products and have become a well-known brand in the industry. The company is now able to produce a variety of mlcc products, resulting in a breakthrough in high-quality mlcc production, a view of Heiconway, a stockholding, and so on.
Second, sofc products respond to new energy developments, and the tri-ring group is the lead agency in the engineering development of national priority development plans for sofc reactors, in close collaboration with companies such as Bloomergy, which has become the main supplier of sofc electrolytic diaphragms and sofc single batteries worldwide. In addition, ceramic lookrs
These products have a wide range of good heterogeneity features, in-depth cooperation with multiple smart terminal manufacturers, and have gained a high degree of recognition and a high degree of market recognition.
At the heart of the “material+structure+functionality” is the company's increasing competitiveness, creating an integrated operational system of “research-innovation-industrialization” and building barriers to technological innovation. The company is committed to advance material research and development, with a range of advanced and mature materials preparation, scalding and processing technologies.
Technology and testing technologies meet industry demand for new functional materials, micro-precision PV components, electronic power components. Companies also insist on autonomous development, building up efficient, scientific research and development processes, combining absorption and re-innovation of imported technologies, and mastering the material formulation and core of a variety of high-tech products.
In more than 50 years, in the field of deep-farming electronic ceramics and materials, the company has the advantage of integrating multidisciplinary products into the production chain. Initially dominated by a single electrical barrier, the company has now developed into a diversified product structure dominated by electronic components and materials, communications components, semiconductor components, etc.
While focusing on endogenous R & D, leading firms are actively expanding their industries by establishing subsidiaries in Hong Kong, Shenzhen, Chengdu, Nanchang, and countries such as Germany and Thailand, and expanding their business profile. The company’s development process can be divided into three main stages:
Phase – The first phase (1970-1992): The tri-ring group was born in 1970 in a bamboo studio, \triangleright, formerly a Tianzhou 2nd Light Radio Component I plant. By the wind of reform and opening up, the company introduced equipment, electricity, from abroad.
Automated production of products such as ceramics was prevented and put on a virtuous development path in the field of electronic applications. Phase II — fast-tracked into the long term (1992-2014): 1992 conversion of the original plant into a stock system, \triangleright
In 1999, employees funded the establishment of a state-owned shareholding of the Tianzhou Tianjiang Electronics Corporation, which became a private company owned by its employees. During this period, the company continued to invest in research and development, and successfully produced a piece of aluminium oxide ceramics, mlcc (multi-layered ceramic capacitors), pkg (Turkish).
Multi-part components, such as china envelopes, have been successfully imported into the production of schematic components, light communications, new energy applications, etc. A subsidiary has been established in Shenzhen, Nanchang, etc., and a number of technological innovation platforms, research centres have been set up, and companies have grown in size.
Phase III - mature development period (2014-to date): 2014: Companies have been raising funds twice a year to raise funds to actively promote the construction of research and development bases and the expansion of research and development of products such as mlcc, and continuously enrich the company's products and technologies and grow into a new electronic component and its basic materials.
Advanced electronic ceramic production enterprises for core business. Figure 4: Three-ring group development process. Corporate equity structure is stable, management is experienced, and affiliates are widely distributed. Three-ring group physical control
In addition to directly holding 2.8% of the shares of the company, the owner of the company held 59.21% of the shares of Sanjiang State Investment Corporation, and the owner of the Sanjiang Corporation, 33.67% of the shares of the Tri-Clos Group. Zhang Wan, who was the Managing Director and Chairman of the Tri-Circle Group in 1992, was awarded “Labour Model” by the Ministry of Electronic Industry.
The National Federation of Trade Unions has awarded the title “Good Business Manager”, “Five One” labour medals, “Good Party Workers in the Nation” etc., and resigned as Chairman of the Board in February 2021 and is currently serving as a director of the company.
As of 30 June 2022, the company owns 19 subsidiaries, both inside and outside the country, and maintains a people-centred management concept, implementing a talent strategy of “wider pool of talent, real talent, inventiveness, ahead-of-the-art technology, merit, cultural identity, and diversity of treatment.”
The company also launched a stock incentive scheme in 2015 and 2017, which awarded about half of the value of the stock, a wide range of incentives and incentives, tied employee interests to the company, and effectively upgraded its staff.
1.3 Upward market openings, profitability, corporate growth, but performance in recent years due to unstable downstream demand and changes in the macro-environment
The process of production substitution has deepened, and the downstream industries of new energy vehicles, smart manufacturing, semiconductor sealing, etc., have expanded, with companies pre-positioning strategic deployments, seizing market opportunities, and achieving a significant recovery in performance. During the q1-3 year of company achievement in 2021, company performance was affected by recurrent outbreaks, unstable downstream demand and trade frictions, among other factors.
With regard to sub-products, electronic components and materials include mlcc, porcelain panels, etc., accounting for 2,103 million yuan a year in 2021, i.e. +59.56 per cent, followed by optical communications components, mainly products such as fibre-optic ceramics, core plugs and tubes, back caps of ceramics, etc., subject to cyclical fluctuations in downstream 5g communications, mobile phone markets, etc.
In 2021, 1.76 billion yuan, or 31.74 per cent of the year, and 28.30 per cent of the year; in semiconductor components, the development of the semiconductor component industry was faster, mainly in the form of ceramic enveloped base products, which benefited from rapid growth in the semiconductor sealing industry and accelerated replacement of national production; 1,170 million yuan, or +76.20 per cent of the year, was realized in 2021; other major operations consisted mainly of:
Sofc, ceramic machete products, a recent breakthrough in research and development in the field, with a revenue of $1,073 million in 2021, a company with excellent profitability, a stable annual Māori rate and net profit. In recent years, the Māori rate has been around 50%, and the net profit has remained at about 35%, generally higher than that of a business partner.
Production costs were effectively reduced by the company ' s large-scale production and integration of the self-industrial chain from ceramic materials, components to equipment systems for the domestic manufacturer of ceramic electronic components and materials. In 2022 q1-3, the company ' s Māori ratio fell slightly to 44.81 per cent, which is disclosed in semi-annual reports, mainly due to semiconductor components.
The company’s profitability is expected to continue to improve in the future, as the size of the high Maori product expands. The firm’s size effects are highlighted, and the cost rate continues to decline during the period.
He managed the cost of expenditure, which slightly increased the rate of management costs, but as a result of higher production sales, growing collection and the revision and optimization of various management systems, the cost rate for the company as a whole fell.
The company has developed a system of research and development that combines the three-cycle research institutes with technical courses in the various professional departments. The three-cycle research institutes and design institutes are made up of teams of scientific excellence, led by members of the two chambers and a number of specialists in various disciplines, and are equipped with advanced analytical instruments and full-scale testing equipment.
Many basic materials, such as materials, electrode slurry, special glass, new products such as functional devices, electro-mode assemblies, fuel cells, cellular ceramic back caps, and the creation of innovative bases for research and development with a mix of light, machine, and electrical automatic equipment. From organic materials, inorganic materials, to composite materials, through the perfect integration of new materials with advanced technologies.
The company’s R & D capabilities are leading the industry. Accelerated R & D projects, and the number of R & D personnel are on the rise. R & D investment in 2022q1-3 companies is $336 million, with a R & D intensity of 8.5%, compared to 39.1 pct. Companies use innovation as an engine for development, creating “new materials,”
New products, new processes, new equipment research, industrialization, and re-innovation are recycling mechanisms. The company has completed several national 863 projects and the Guangdong Province Science and Technology tender project, and has developed a variety of internationally advanced ceramics, basic materials and sophisticated specialized equipment.
Companies continue to bring in, nurture, and store high-quality scientific and technological talent, with a sophisticated team dedicated to high-tech research and development, independent design and development capabilities, and constantly innovate to promote production. In recent years, large-scale expansion of companies has led to significant investment in innovative projects through non-public fund-raising.
It is planned to invest 2,285 million yuan in high-quality mlcc extension technology adaptation projects for 5g communications, and 4.102 billion yuan in high-capacity Mlcc extension projects, which are expected to bring the total additional mlcc capacity to 540 billion mlcc/year after delivery, further upgrading the capacity of the auxiliary companies to meet future market demand.
Electronic components are an important pillar of the information industry and an essential component in the development of electronic technology. According to the current reaction pattern, electronic components can be divided into two main categories: active electronic components and passive electronics.
. The active electronic element is also called the active element, which requires the corresponding device to provide the power to perform the calculation and processing of the information in the circuit component; the passive electronic element, also known as the passive component, is simply to enter the signal electrical power without the need for the power source for signal processing and transmission.
Important resources, social informatization and rapid development of electronic components, growing in variety, power and integration. Capacitors are used to store power and power, which are essential as one of the three passive electronic components.
Electronics. It stores and releases electrical energy in static form, traps a layer of insulation between polar conductors and stores electricity between them, mainly for charge storage, communication filters or sideways, cutting off or stopping direct current electricity, providing reconciliation and oscillation, etc., and is widely used in armed engineering, consumer electronics, orbital transportation, new energy vehicles, etc.
The capacitors can be divided into ceramic capacitors, aluminium electrolyte capacitors, tantalum electrolytes and thin film capacitors, depending on the material. The ceramic capacitors (slc) can also be divided into single-layer ceramic capacitors and multi-layer ceramic capacitors.
The shape of the container is essentially circular in the form of a silver layer that is plated on both sides of the porcelain board, and then cools the temperature, and the silver film is burned as a polar plate. The multilayer of ceramic capacitors (mlcc) is a multi-metal electrode buried in a ceramic medium, which is used in a multi-layer stacking process of co-burning at high temperatures, including a fused multi-corcelain capacitor and a plate.
Multilayers of ceramic capacitors. Mlcc is slightly thicker than slc, but it can achieve a larger tolerance in smaller sizes, which is more widely used.
2.1.1 The size of the small size of the body and the development of a wide-scale mlcc (simple multilayered ceramic capacitors) is large and small in size and therefore also known as the “electronic industry big rice”. mlcc is a passive electronic component, which is a misplacement of ceramic medium film pieces with fine electrodes (inner electrodes).
Combining, through a one-time high-temperature combustion structure, to become a ceramic chip, and then encapsulating the metal layer (outer electrodes) at both ends of the chip, eventually forming a structure similar to the monolith, which is called the monolithic capacitor.
The advantages of cost-effectiveness, excellent electron properties and the use of automated spot production to save internal space for electronics have led to a broad application scenario, which is the fastest-growing and most used core element of electronic equipment, with more than 90 per cent output in ceramic capacitors.
Figure 19: mlcc preparation process. In order to meet rapidly changing downstream market demand, mlcc development trends are mainly reflected in “fives and one size”: high capacity, high frequency, high pressure, high temperature resistance, high reliability and miniaturization.
(1) High-capacity: The volume-to-volume ratio of future mlcc will gradually increase with the requirements of downstream industries. As a result of the increased configuration of the terminal, the battery capacity will increase and a fast and steady charge to large-volume batteries will require a high-capacity, high-quality mlcc.
The following dimensions have a capacity of more than 1 μf and a capacity of more than 10 μf for 0603 and above. Japan Murada projects that the static capacity of high-end smartphones is expected to increase to 4,000 μf in 2023 and that of medium smartphones to 2,000 μf.
(2) HF: Large-scale integrated circuits have an increasing rate of working frequency to meet multifunctional and high performance requirements, which makes the supply of low-resistance power more demanding. The current mlcc working frequency is in the millimetre-band range, and the market has a low-equivalency string that can be used in the broadband (10°hz~10°hz).
The need for high frequency mlcc of combined resistance, low-equivalency coupling has become even more pressing. (3) High voltage: as power circuit design has evolved, the demand for light has risen, and the demand for high voltage capacitors from 3 to 4kv will continue to increase. And in recent years, with the electronicization of new energy vehicles and cars.
(iv) Insistency to high temperature and high reliability: although the rules are not stringent for size, they are stringent for the environment, reliability requirements become extremely important, and mlcc is required in extreme environments such as high temperature, high humidity, etc.
The high reliability and useful life of mlcc are more demanding than ever. At the same time, aec-q200 (certifying specifications related to the use of passive parts in vehicles) needs to be certified, production standards are stringent, performance requirements are stringent, and high reliability requirements for mlcc will continue to rise in the future.
e.g. the shape size of model 0805 is: long x width = 0.08 inch x 0.05 inch. The smaller size, the smaller the size, the finer powder of the raw material, means more sophisticated production processes. Moreover, it is a major difficulty for manufacturers to keep, or even to increase, the volume efficiency of the miniaturized mlcc.
Including ceramic powders, electronic materials, major suppliers of public ceramic materials, tri-ring groups, overseas tiles, and new materials; the merchandising industry is the mlcc capacitors manufacturing industry, and the mlcc manufacturing industry is focused mainly on Fung High, Tri-ring Group, torch electronics, Hong-way electronics, Woo-yang technology, etc.; and the downstream industry is widely applied and covers the National Defence Force.
In the areas of equipment, consumer electronics, automobile electronics, industrial applications, etc., mlcc is used mainly in consumer electronics, 5g base stations, and auto electronics, and demand is growing in scope. According to the data of the multistar consultant, the total demand for smart mobile terminals, such as mobile phones, computers, etc., is highest.
The second is in the area of motor vehicles, military industries, and communications such as 5 g-based stations, which also have a higher demand for mlcc. And cars have more use per unit of mlcc, and, as cars become electric and intelligent, the use of bicycles will rise significantly, adding to the rapid development of new energy vehicles, and the expansion of the mlcc industry is huge.
Large-scale mlcc products are also needed in industries such as physical networking, industrial control, etc. The market size of mlcc will also be significantly expanded in the future as the end-of-application loadings become more abundant.
The number of mlccs per smart phone is about 800 to 1,000 mlccs, and the more configured it is, the more it is, the more it is, the more it is now deployed to more than 1,000 mlccs, so that mlcc is a component that has a greater operational impact on meeting high-performance mobile phones.
In January-November 2022, the country’s 5g mobile phone volume was 78.3%, and 5g smartphones have become a major trend in the market for change. According to Murata, the demand for mlcc will continue to rise as the 5g develops, and the pattern of future demand for mlcc miniaturization and large capacity performance on smartphones remains unchanged.
In order to achieve a wealth of functions, modern cars are equipped with a variety of complex electrical and electronic circuits, with a wide range of mlcc in use. The use of mlcc in cars is high and there are about 3,000 engine vehicles that do not have autopilot capabilities, and the configuration of autopilot functions continues to deepen as cars are electrodynamically moving and autopilots are configured.
The use of mlcc has also increased further. According to Murada, more than 10,000 mlcc is used in an advanced model of an electric vehicle, such as an electric car. According to the Chinese electronic component industry, the global demand for mlcc was over 400 billion in 2021, while electronics has evolved as the trend towards new motor energy, intelligence, etc.
2.1.2 The rapid expansion of the market size and the prospect of national production alternatives Electronic components, which are an important basis for industrial informatization and are an important component of the electronic whole, are currently growing rapidly in the production and sale of global electronics products and are also driving the rapid expansion of the market size of electronic components.
According to the Chinese Electronics Industry Association, sales of domestic electronic components in 2020 amounted to $1883.1 billion, an average annual increase of 4.7 per cent between 2015 and 2020.
According to the Ministry of Trade and Communications ' s Action Plan for the Development of the Basic Electronic Device Industry, the domestic e-measurement sales in 2023 were set at $210 billion, and an internationally competitive array of electronic component enterprises was formed, striving to collect 15 businesses on a scale of 10 billion yuan. The Chinese Electronics Industry Association issued " China Electronics " .
In the 14th Five-Year Development Plan for the Component Industry, it was proposed that sales of 24,62.8 billion yuan would be achieved by 2025 and that cagr would reach 5.5% during 2020-2025, of which total sales of electronic components by indigenous enterprises would amount to the most significant passive component of the ceramic capacitors, of which mlcc is the fastest-growing class.
In 2019, the global market for rcl components reached $27.7 billion, or about 89 per cent of the total market for moving components, while capacitors, senses, and resistance accounted for 65 per cent, 15 per cent, and 9 per cent, respectively, of which ceramic capacitors exceeded 50 per cent of the total capacitor value.
In 2019, the market was about $10 billion, accounting for the global market for ceramic capacitors. The global market was growing steadily. China was the top market. In 2019-2021, the global market was expected to reach 149 billion yuan, with a five-year compound growth rate of 7.9 per cent.
For the world ' s largest mlcc market, the size of our mlcc market rose from $31 billion to 48.35 billion yuan in 2017-2021, and by the end of 2021 our mlcc market was more than 45 per cent of the global market.
The global mlcc industry is highly concentrated, and the major manufacturers are almost all from Asia, in Japan, Korea, and Taiwan. Depending on the level of technology and the size of the capacity, the global mlcc enterprise can be divided into three ladders: the first is mainly a Japanese-Korean manufacturer, leading the world in capacity and technology, and occupying the vast majority of cities.
Field share, representing manufacturers such as Murada, Samsung Electric and Solar Incentives; second-tier enterprises from Taiwan, China, such as the Great China and Hua Xinko, which technically outperformed the Japanese factory from the first, but also accounted for a certain share of the market; third-tier enterprises from mainland China, dominated by products from the lower to the lower end, representing mainly industry.
At present, China’s mlcc products are dominated by lower-middle-to-low, but a number of national producers are emerging, and the industry is in a national production replacement window. Currently, our mlcc products require significant imports, especially high-end specifications, which are still dependent on international manufacturers, China’s market share of mlcc enterprises in 2020 was only 6% of the world’s total, and the process of nationalization was under way.
It is urgent. As the 5g network, car electricization, military-industrial information etc. accelerates, mlcc has ushered in a new cycle of growth, the current global competition for technology firms has intensified, and the Chinese mainland mlcc manufacturers have come to turn the key into an alternative to national production.
The Institute of Human Resources and Securities organized the mlcc plant with long-term optimism and a reverse expansion of production and bottom energy. Although the low demand for consumer electronics had an impact on the atmosphere of the dynamic component market, resulting in the build-up of the manufacturer's inventory and the continued collapse of prices from the above-mentioned domestic and foreign enterprises,
As you can see, mlcc manufacturers are looking for medium- and long-term development in the future, looking at the increase in the demand for electric cars and 5g generalizations, the pace of expansion has never stopped in the last two years. There have also been several announcements of new investment plans, and a number of manufacturers have been able to release large amounts of energy since 2023.
The shortage was gradually reduced, the market for car mlcc was well developed, the product became the next investment of a multi-supplier 2.2 focused on integrated self-research, the component material was a little bit more flowered, and since its inception in 1970, the company has been conducting research and development of electronic ceramic components and materials for more than 50 years.
Production, now a leading manufacturer in this field in the country. At present, the company has achieved a national breakthrough in high-technology products such as mlcc, sofc components, and electrical resistors are among the highest in the world in terms of sales of products such as ceramics, aluminium oxides, and ceramic boards. The company’s electronic ceramic products are in communications, consumer electronics, industrial controls, automobiles, etc.
A wide range of applications have been obtained in areas such as electronics and new energy.
In recent years, with the diffusion of 5g technologies, industries such as networking, artificial intelligence, automobile electronics, etc., firms have rapidly seized market opportunities, actively raised resources in related areas, increased R & D inputs, increased core competitiveness of products, and increased sales of 2.01 billion yuan in e-components and materials in 2021, correspondingly.
59.55. However, in an environment of complex and volatile international conditions and a recurring global epidemic, the electronics sector has been affected by a certain shock, a slowdown in overall demand, a build-up of downstream manufacturers to stock, an excellent manufacturing capacity for corporate electronic components and materials operations, with a Māori rate of 54.01 per cent for 22H1 operations and a high level of industry leadership.
Figure 35: Revenue from corporate electronic components and materials operations (millions of yuan) The Three Rings Group began to develop and produce mlcc products in 2000, building on a wealth of technology and production experience and leading our mlcc industry. The company ' s current mlcc product lines include: conventional products,
Medium- and high-pressure products, energy-saving lamps, mlcc, high-intensity mlcc, flexible electrode mlcc, etc.
Applications in consumer electronics, security, industrial controls, communications equipment, automobile electronics, etc., have been recognized and applied by a large number of customers, such as Gorgeous, American, Concorga, and tcl. The company has mastered core technologies such as ceramics, conductive metal mammoth formulations, and has effectively enhanced the profitability of its products.
Moreover, the company continuously improves key process technologies such as film band currents, precision stacks, and filamentation, expanding product specifications and applications, and improving product performance and reliability. The development of the mlcc core process is difficult, and technical barriers are high, although the current production capacity of the company ' s mlcc generic specifications is small.
The company’s competitiveness in the mlcc industry will increase as the size of its products expands, combining the application of a number of technological technologies. In recent years, the company has actively expanded its mlcc capacity, raising additional funds to undertake related research and development projects.
The monthly amount of $1,874 million was raised for investment in high-quality mlcc projects at the 5g base station, which was increased in 2021, and the high-capacity mlcc extension project, which has now completed the development of some high-capacity specifications. With uninterrupted technological breakthroughs and process improvements, the company’s combined R&D strength and competitive advantage in products is rapidly increasing.
With regard to the high- and high-quality market, the company's technology and production are well under way. At present, the company has achieved a large volume of high-capacity products of 0201-2220 dimensions, and the expansion plan is based on high-volume products, which are constantly expanding product specifications, increasing the high-capacity ratio and actively meeting market demand.
The three rings began to explore ceramics in 1994, taking advantage of the rapid growth of the Internet and consumer electronics.
In the base plate area, a whole range of ceramic base-plate production processes is now in place. The porcelain sheet is a powder-based, porcelain material, made of special ceramics through a series of processes by adding different dispersible agents and supporting materials. The porcelain sheet has excellent electro-insulation, high-conducting heat properties, and high-strength and high-flux capacity; and
Today, the porcelain base has become the foundation of high-power circuit structure technology, widely applied to semiconductor system coolers, microelectronics, etc. For nearly three decades, companies have been developing core technologies, developing teams of professionals, upgrading equipment, and upgrading equipment.
Autonomous R & D production capacity, equipped with equipment and technology systems for advanced material formulations and full specifications series. Currently, the company has achieved volume production of aluminium oxides, nitrogen-based aluminiums, a rich variety of products and excellent performance, and has been applied to tablets, large-power leds, high-power igbt, etc., to satisfy downstream resistance plants,
High-speed, high-quality development needs in the igbt industry. 3 networks of letters from four oceans, and photo-drawn families, 3.1 ceramic cores and holsters: fibre-optic couriers, live communications
Fibre ceramic cores and tubes are an indispensable sourceless device in the fibre-optic communication system, which is used primarily to achieve a fixed connection between the equipment, equipment and instrumentation, equipment and fibre-optics, and fibre-optics and fibre-optics in the system. The fibre-optic ceramic core is one of the core components of the 5g application and optical communications industry, dominated by nanooxidone (zro2)
The raw material is made of a porcelain tube with a micro-hole in the middle, typically consisting of a metal tailing and a ceramic core. The fibre-optic ceramic core allows fibre-optics to be inserted from the metal tailings to the end of the porcelain and to be connected to the two fibre-optics, and is therefore widely applied to network transmission nodes, such as light connectors, decompositioners, partitioners, etc.
The tubes are mainly used in combination with fibre-optic ceramic cores, which are characterized by high accuracy, low penetration loss, high number of plugs, concentration of plugs, long-term reliability, and are widely applied to the transmission node of the optical communication network. The ceramic fibre plugs can be divided into conventional features based on the appropriate appearance and internal diameter size of the interface with the fibre-optic connector.
The traditional fibre-optic plugs can be broken down into fc, sc, lc, st, and mu models. Non-cores are custom-made on the basis of client needs and can be made of a fibre-optic plug-in core and a modular component with a core. The increased and miniaturized use of light communication devices and devices has prompted fibre-optic ceramic cores and cylinders, which are the main core components, to move to smaller sizes.
The main applications of the ceramic core, which is an important “light communications messenger” in fibre-optic communications, are three -1 fibre-optic activity connectors: most fibre-optic connectors consist of two cores and one cylinder, in which the ceramic core is the main one.
To be used for fixed fibre optics, the physical interface between the two fibre-optic ends is created to provide continuous optical access to the light signal. Ceramic cores, as core components, are associated with the performance of fibre-optic connectors, affecting signal stability, network energy consumption, error rates, etc. 2 semiconductor lasers: ceramic cores can combine ld/pd with fibre optics.
Connects, and is the best solution to the current semiconductor laser ld/pd modularization and fibre-optic docking. 3 On-site assembly fibre-optic activity connectors: also known as fibre-optic fast connectors, which use mechanical connection technology and do not require heat-melting machines, can be assembled directly through simple tools, which is the best option for the current fibre-optic installation to the house.
Figure 36: Ceramic core application maps, as the 5g commercial expansion accelerates, new infrastructure such as the 5g network in the country and fibre-optic in-house facilities accelerates construction. First, the dry magnified network service capacity continues to improve, with national connectivity as of the end of the third quarter of 2022
Millions, 95.5 per cent of access ports, an increase of 1.2 pct compared to the end of the previous year. Second, the 5g network is moving fast. By the end of the third quarter of 2022, the total number of mobile base stations in the country stood at 10,722, of which the total number of 5g base stations was 2.22 million, representing a net increase of 795,000, or 20.7 per cent of the total number of mobile base stations, compared to the end of the previous year.
The construction and upgrading of the data centre system will be a new growth point for fibre-optic devices. In recent years, the entire community has continued to focus on the development of our data centre around green energy conservation.
In 2022, the national 14th Plan and the Vision 2035 outline were also proposed to accelerate the construction of the national integrated Grand Data Centre system, enhance the ability to coordinate intelligent deployments and build a number of national hubs.
The size of the idc (Internet Data Centre) market is expected to expand continuously with the digital economy. In 2021, the size of the entire idc business market in China reached $301.27 billion and will rise further in the future, and is expected to rise in 2024, China idc.
The size of the market will be over $600 billion. To integrate and upgrade the data centre, the bandwidth will have to be significantly upgraded, large fibre-optic transmissions will be required to replace copper cables, and the demand for fibre-optic devices will be enormous.
The demand for fibre-optic ceramic plugs is determined by the demand for the market. Ceramic plugs are widely used in fibre-optic network connections, circuit points, and terminals, of which about 72% are used in fibre-optic connectors. In recent years, as light communications applications have expanded, mobile equipment has increased, demand for high bandwidth has grown, and security concerns have been raised, in particular.
To meet the need for fibre-optic access and fibre-optic access (ftth), countries competed to develop new fibre-optic connectors of various types and specifications, and the global fibre-optic connector market grew rapidly. According to a global fibre-optic connector market analysis published by Researchchandmarkets.com, it projected a global fibre-optic connector market regulation for 2022.
The cost of fibre-optic ceramic cores, which is estimated at $5.01 billion, is expected to reach $7.78 billion by 2027, with an annual compound growth rate of 9.2 per cent, as disclosed in the tri-ring group subscriptions, is about 50 per cent of the overall cost of connectors, so that fibre-optic ceramic cores occupy a very important place in the production costs of fibre-optic connectors and in manufacturing technology.
Figure 40: The application structure of ceramic cores in lightware Figure 41: Global fibre-optic connector market size projections ($ billion) Current concentration in fibre-optic ceramic cores is high, with tri-ring groups in absolute dominance.
According to the National Electronics Industry Association Information Centre, the world’s leading fibre-optic ceramic core production companies are China’s tri-ring group, Shenzhen Taiteng, Wai Soo-Tung and Ning Bo-hing, Japan’s adamant, Kyeong-chung, Dae-yang, Fine-workers, Korea’s main source, Taiwan’s Fuscon Group, and so on. China is currently the world’s largest producer of ceramic cores.
Large countries, China’s ceramic core production in 2021 (in Chinese foreign-owned enterprises) accounted for more than 90% of the world’s total production. Moreover, the current concentration of industries is high, with tri-rings, Fujikang, and Taiming City rankings accounting for the top three, and the cr3, which account for more than 80% of global fibre-optic ceramic core production, of which the tri-ring groups dominate the global market, and the city.
In 2002, the tri-ring group began research and development on ceramic cores projects. Although technology depends on foreign countries in the early stages of development, after years of relentless pursuit and research and innovation, the tri-ring group achieved it in 2012
The company has a solid research, development, and testing team, a wealth of fine ceramic production experience, mature production processes, and high-precision equipment that provide adequate assurance of product quality. Over the years, the tri-ring group has become a well-known brand for fibre-optic ceramic cores, widely recognized by a wide range of clients.
It can be a high-quality option for domestic customers to participate in China ' s mobile, Chinese telecommunications and China ' s connection tenders and continue to expand the coverage of the global 5g network for world-renowned manufacturers of fibre-optic connectors such as the United States of America Taico, Anfino, Switzerland Huber and France Radiall, with the construction of mega-data centres and increased penetration of fibre-optic homes.
In 2022, the H1 company generated $825 million, or 0.37%, of its revenue. In terms of profitability, the company continued to act as an international dragon in the field of light communication.
The performance indicators for ceramic cores are mainly in the areas of concentricity, concentration of the inner aperture range, length, outer diameter, and curvature radius.
Ceramic cores have a number of advantages, such as good coaxivity, precision in size, high intensity, low penetration loss, high temperature resistance to corrosion, etc. The company’s fibre-optic ceramic core product, tested in market practice, has been rated by the Ministry of Technology as a “national single-manufacturing champion product” with an international lead in production technology and stable global market dominance.
A large market for electronic ceramics, with a wide variety of product lines, 4.1 pkg: open circuit transmission, sealing chip forts, pkg is a porcelain plate with guidance graphics and an impulsive conductor perforation, press.
A three-dimensional interconnected structure, which has a sequence that overlaps with the atmosphere protection process. It has three main functions: to provide a platform for the chip to be installed to protect it from external mechanical damage, to prevent the humid, acid, corrosive damage to electrodes on the chip in the environment in order to meet the requirements for air containment; and to make the envelope smaller and thinner.
The metal welding zone on the 3rd base can connect the electrodes on the chip to the electrodes on the circuit board, enabling the flow of internal and external circuits. Although the base does not directly determine the core function of the device, it affects its core.
. In which the crystal oscillator requires a smd envelope, the saw filter mainly uses a radio frequency envelope, while high-end markets such as 3dsensing, cos image sensors require the use of image sensors The ceramic envelope is the main appliance of the stone crystal element, the market view of the stone crystal element.
The atmosphere has an important impact on the development of the ceramic envelope. The stone crystals component industry is at the front end of the electronics chain and is an important part of the electronic information manufacturing industry. It is widely applied in the electronics sector, such as industry, civil and military, where all application terminals are in demand.
With the development of electronic information technology, global electronics are being upgraded, such as smartphones and new consumer electronics such as pc, which are becoming widely available and iterative, and automobile electronics are becoming more functional, creating a vast market space for stone crystals and their upstream ceramic envelopes. According to Cs&a,
In 2017, the global market was able to break through 18 billion shipments and $3 billion in size, but the city fell after the outbreak hit, and the market continued to recover as the situation subsided, with cs&a predicting a return to 17,933 billion shipments and $2.92 billion in 2022.
Ceramic encapsulation is an important cost component of stone crystals, with a high use/value ratio. The stone crystal is the core product of the stone crystals element, which can be divided into two types of harmonisers and oscillators, the main raw materials of the amplifiers being the base, crystals and envelopes (e.g. smd tops), and the main originals of the oscillators.
For example, the base accounts for 47.00% and 36.37% of the cost of raw materials, respectively.
The global market for porcelain envelopes is more concentrated, with suppliers mainly from Japanese china, the United States of America ntk, and the Triple Group. With the absolute advantage of the porcelain, the porcelain holds 68% of the global sales of the porcelain envelopes in 2012.
But domestic firms, the tricycles, have gained momentum, successfully developed products and generated bulk production, recognized by customers in domestic and foreign markets, and can be matched by the Korea Partron, the Japanese Electric Wave, the Swiss microscrystal, and other well-known foreign quartz components before they are listed in 2014.
The annual global market for porcelain envelopes was $1.46 billion, an increase of 4.7 per cent over the same period, with Chinese porcelain seals amounting to 1.72 billion yuan, an increase of 8.7 per cent over the same period.
Figure 50: Size of China ' s Ceramic Seal Base Market, 2016-2020 4.2 sofc: new technologies for energy conversion, with broad prospects for environmental efficiency Fuel cell technology is the fourth generation of power generation after hydro, fire and nuclear power, mainly using electricity
Chemical reactions, by removing the electrons from the fuel molecules directly from the side of the power supply, can convert the chemistry from the fuel directly into electricity. The whole reaction is more controlled, adequate, energy-conversion efficient, and emissions cleaner. Solid oxide fuel cells (sofc), also known as ceramic fuel cells, are a new type.
Efficient and clean energy conversion technologies. Sofc power generation has a variety of advantages, including simple and efficient processes, acupuncable power supply, green low emissions, etc. Importantly, sofc technologies have energy efficiency of up to 85%, while traditional fire power has energy conversion efficiency of only 30-40%.
At present, the application of sofc technologies is numerous and significant, and is an effective way to achieve efficient and clean use of fossil energy sources, such as gas and coal, as well as the green and efficient use of hydrogen, and to achieve the country's peak in carbon and carbon.
In addition to this, Sofc has shown a large amount of US$ 1 billion in the cold heat and electricity supply at the data centre, hospital hotels, etc., ship power, biogas/landfill gas generation, gas gas generation, etc., which will reach US$ 2,881 million in 2025 and Cagr 30.1%.
In addition, sofc is running electrically, in reverse, electrolytic, i.e. solid oxide electrolysis cell (soec). Soec can use electrolytic hydrogen to store energy wasted by mismatching loads in hydrogen gas, with electrolytic efficiency of up to 85% to 95%, far higher than other electrolytic technologies.
Long-term planning for industrial development (2021-2035) refers to technology development for solid oxide electrolysis tank hydrogen, while support for sofc is highlighted in the Action Plan for Innovation in the Energy Technology Revolution (2016-2030) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission, and the China Programme for the Implementation of the Manufacturing of 2025-Energy Equipment published by the Ministry of Industry and Communications.
Power generation technologies. There are now increasingly stringent emission standards around the world, high demand for green energy, energy efficiency and electricity, and an increasing number of countries have increased their focus on sofc, soec technologies and are investing heavily in research and development.
Sofc technologies, as new and efficient fuel cell technologies, subject to manufacturing costs, research and development technologies, are recognized as fuel cell technologies that are more difficult to develop. Even globally, few businesses have the capacity to break through and are currently commercialized only in a few countries and regions, including the United States, Europe, Japan, and Korea.
This area, which is a late start and less industrialized, is still at an exploratory stage, with some differences in production costs, output power and useful life between international leaders. 4.3 Ceramic machetes: chip covers sewing needles, and the emergence of national production forces.
In recent years, thanks to rapid developments, technological advances and good policies in electronics, semiconductors, China has become the world’s largest chip market, with more than 100 businesses involved in chip containment, which is an important force in the development of my country’s chip sealing industry. There are three main types of modern ic chip containment: welding, loading, etc.
With auto-welding, fused key combinations, taking into account the cost and quality of key combinations, more than 95% of the coatings of the ic chip are currently combined with the lead threads. Ceramic machetes are used as a “sewing needle” during the threading process, which has a decisive impact on the quality of the wrapping.
Ceramic machete is a welding tool used for chip wrapping fuses, and is a ceramic material of a sophisticated microstructure, with the advantages of high hardness, high mechanical strength, high accuracy, small crystal particles, high surface lightness, long useful life, and is therefore derived from various materials and widely applied to surface acoustic waves, led, diodetic microchip, etc.
At present, the main manufacturers of ceramic machetes are Swiss spt, United States k&s and gaiser, Korea Peco, and kosma, and cr5 account for about 90% of the global market for ceramic machetes, with a high concentration of industry. At the demand side, the global market for ceramic machetes is about 3.5 million/month, with China as a large integrated circuit.
The performance parameters of the home-grown ceramic machete products have broken, but the problem of scale production still needs to be solved. The porcelain machete aperture is only a few dozen micrometres, and requires a high degree of material hardness, resilience, and grinding.
Pre-processing accuracy, material formulations, scalding processes, etc. are very demanding. After years of research and development, domestic manufacturers such as the Three Rings have improved significantly in high-performance ceramic production technology, with products of high hardness, high mechanical strength, high accuracy, small crystals, and excellent performance parameters.
In terms of technology and equipment performance, there is still a certain gap between domestic producers and advanced firms abroad, which has long made it difficult for domestic producers to achieve large-scale production of ceramic machetes.
The semiconductor component of the company consists mainly of products such as ceramic envelopes. The demand in the semiconductor sector is relatively strong as a result of the expanded deployment of the global mobile 5g network, the growth of iot terminals and the increased demand for smart cars.
In 2022, H1 semiconductor parts were sold at $622 million, an increase of 22.71 per cent. Other major operations were mainly related products such as ceramic machetes, fuel cell diaphragms, etc. The smooth progress of research and development projects contributed to a rapid increase in business income, with revenues of $1,073 million in 2021 and 619 million in 22h1 respectively, an increase of the same amount.
Industrialization, continuing to lead the market. Figure 55: Corporate income from semiconductor components operations (millions of yuan) Figure 56: Revenue from other company-owned operations (billions)
In the case of ceramic encapsulating base products, the company insists on autonomous research and development and takes the lead in blowing the horn of an alternative to national production. In the context of the rapid growth of the electronic communications industry, the three rings foresee the great development of the ceramic encapsulation base, which is fully mastered through years of autonomous research and development, using the stone crystal oscillator as an entry point.
As a result, the three rings broke the monopoly of three Japanese companies on the market for ceramic envelopes, the only one in the country that could be made on a scale. And, the company’s products had a price advantage, with a unit price of 0.2 yuan/only in 2011 and a unit price of 0.2 yuan/only in 2015.
The price of the product is less than 0.11 yuan/only. While the unit price of the product continues to be reduced, the company maintains a stable ceramic base production process and continuously improves the product qualification rate, which increases the volume of the company's products, creates markets, maintains the value-added advantage of the product, and continuously expands the product class.
Sealed base products were certified by domestic and foreign customers, and bulk deliveries began in 2016. At the end of 2017, Japan, ntk was burdened by costs, and withdrew from the production of the crystal ceramic base and the saw ceramic base, and its share in the Chinese market flowed out, while the three rings, as the only enterprises in the country at that time that achieved bulk production, obtained valuable national production replacements.
At present, the company ' s ceramic enveloped base products are used mainly in crystals, temperature-repairs, heat-sensitive, electroresistors, transistors, saw filters, etc., for smart terminals, wireless communications, gps, car electrons, etc. Products are good in air density, mechanical and electrical, in size accuracy, levelling, etc.
An example of the application scenario is the excellent cleaning of the surface and the autonomous innovation of its production materials and process technologies, which have a strong competitive advantage on a global scale.
Three Rings has been engaged in technological innovation and integrated production of fuel cell membrane panels since 2004, mass production of sofc single batteries in 2012 and the successful launch of the Sofc reactor on the domestic market in 2017. After 18 years of continuous input and technological closure, the company now has a number of key basic materials, single batteries,
Core patents on reactors and systems became one of the core components of the global Sofc industrial chain. In August 2020, the Tri-Coopers and Guangdong Energy Group launched a project entitled “Model for the development and application of 210 kw high-temperature fuel cell power generation systems”, during which the Sofc reactor module and the heat box switch were completed.
In June 2022, the project made progress on mileage markers and delivered three 35 kw sofc devices with autonomous intellectual property rights with a total installed power of 105 kw, the first demonstration application of sofc of 100 kW class in the country.
On 12 January 2023, the project was successfully received and evaluated by the Group of Experts, resulting in the successful demonstration of 210 kwsofc stationary power generation systems for cluster research and applications, and the successful landing of the project became an important milestone node for our Sofc exhibition. Reports from the international authoritative third-party certification body indicate that the project was in total
The installation of six 35 kwsofc systems with an average exchange power net efficiency of 61.8 per cent, a total power capacity of ~210kw, the longest operating platform having been operating steadily for more than 5,000 hours, the thermal power supply efficiency of 91.2 per cent, no emissions of tail gas, such as nox and sox, with key performance indicators at internationally advanced levels.
As of June 2022, the Sofc Systems Research and Development Centre of the Shenzhen Institute of the Tri-ring Group had installed three 35-kw power generation systems in synchronous and grid-connected parks to generate electricity and self-service. The Tri-Run Group indicated that further improvements in product performance and quality would be made in the future to expand the Sofc new energy application landscape in support of carbon.
Figure 58: Three Rings Sofc System Research and Development Centre. Ceramic machete products. Three rings have completed research and development, and manufacturing processes are maturing and scalding.
The project to industrialize semiconductor chips with ceramic machetes was launched in December 2022, with 18 million pottery machetes. The company, through its previous research and development and testing, managed to break through the technical difficulties.
The public sector’s profitability will increase considerably in the future, as the bulk production of ceramic blades progresses, breaking the foreign monopoly market and separating the 5.1 profit scenario from business for sound domestic chip encapsulation.
Our profit projections are based on the following assumptions: e-components and materials: a global epidemic, a complex international situation, and a year-long decline in corporate e-components and material sales in the electronics industry as a whole, which, in our view, is projected to be 30.1 per cent lower than in the same year.
The future market size of new energy vehicles, 5g communications, etc., has been growing, high stocks of products, price inverted prices have been weakened since the end of 2022, prices for mlcc products will rise back in 2023, market demand will rise again, and corporate revenues from electronic components and materials will increase by 42.3%/30.0% in the year of expansion.
Directly integrated production, effective control of production costs. As companies complete research and development and extension projects for high-containable mlcc, ceramic base-plating products, and the high-conservable mlcc research and development and mass production breakthroughs, the Māori rate will rise steadily, I Communications components: in the face of weak global economic growth, international geo-conflicts, recurrent epidemics, etc.
Corporate revenue from communications components is projected to decrease by 19.5 per cent in 2022. However, the current trend of increased deployment of mobile 5g networks within and outside the country remains unchanged, with the construction of super-large data centres and fibre-optic penetration rates rising rapidly, while companies will be able to boost the sales of communications components as international taps for fibre-optic ceramic plugs.
Semiconductor components: Due to the continued growth of global 5g, the need for new energy vehicles and car intelligence, the scale of demand in the semiconductor industry will continue to rise. Company semiconductor components production materials and crafts are autonomous innovations with a more competitive edge, and crystallized envelopes, saw ceramics, etc.
The market share of the product increases further. In addition to the macroeconomic impact in 2022, we predict that the public semiconductor component business will continue to grow in the future, with the same business income as in 2022-2024, the compressor component: the business income is more stable and is not the focus of the company's development business, as compared to the share of the business.
Other major business: the company is the main supplier of global sofc electrolytic diaphragms and single batteries, with research capacity from materials to systems, and has completed the first 100 kilowatt class sofc demonstration application in the country, and with the acceptance of the 210 kwsofc power generation development project in January 2023, the company is expected to become in the future
In the case of ceramic cut-off products, the company has mastered the raw material formulations and independently designed the entire process production line, and the ceramic cut-off industrialization project has successfully completed the completion of the product, which will produce 18 million a year, and the product is expected to open the market and capture its share. Therefore, we expect the rest to operate.
In 2019-2021, the increase in the production and sale of various product groups of the company, the expansion of the collection volume, the increase in expenditure on expenses such as employee remuneration, etc., led to a certain increase in sales, administrative costs, sales costs and annual increases, while after 2023 the cost rate of the company will be reduced by benefiting from the optimization of production management.
In addition, companies continue to increase their R & D inputs in order to improve the core competitiveness of their products, with a certain R & D cost ratio The companies are leading manufacturers of e-ceramic components and materials, mainly in light communications, electronics, machinery, new energy, etc.
In view of the company’s rich technological accumulation in the field of electronic ceramic materials and components, a highly integrated R & D production system has been put in place.
Performance boosts and long-term development of operations and production capacity. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “recommended” rating. 1) Industry competition increases the risks. There are many competitive firms in the passive component industry, there are large import alternatives, and there is a growing influx of domestic market participants. If companies are not able to keep pace with technological developments and respond effectively.
In the future, competition and the impact of new forces in leading firms will not be able to gain a favourable position in the market. 2) New product R & D and customer imports are less than expected. If a company’s high-capacity mlcc product is produced less than expected, or fails to meet its clients’ needs for product performance, production, etc., it will affect the competitiveness of the company and the public.
The Department’s revenues have a negative impact. 3) The risks of new production capacity cannot be absorbed. The total of new mlcc annual capacity added to the company’s fund-raising projects amounts to 540 billion, and the production of products such as enveloped base and ceramic machetes is expanding, if the company is not able to expand in a timely manner.
The scale of sales and the maintenance of a high level of productivity utilization will result in less than expected downstream demand for the realization and performance of the company’s expected benefits. The development of downstream industries, such as companies’ mlcc, is more economically affected, affected by the epidemic, among other things, by weak downstream demand in 2022, and high agent stock, which depresses producers’ crops.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not motivated or influenced by any third party, who have not received, either directly or indirectly, specific recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.