The accelerated release of high-volume products and the return to warmer performance are the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre’s investment logic: mlcc is the company’s core incremental business. 1) Industry level: from prices, stock levels, etc.
In terms of dimensions, the millcc industry in the lower cycle has either reached the bottom and there are signs of marginal improvement, waiting for the downstream demand recovery to drive the industry into the next round of the upper cycle.
The company’s Māori rate is expected to bounce back and perform well, with an overall price stability, crop rate or recovery. • Business mlcc: potential opening space under national production substitution trends, high-volume product release yielding higher prices. 5g commercial, new-energy car penetration continues to increase, with end-product performance for mlcc products.
More demanding and more demanding specifications open up new incremental space for the mlcc industry. The domestic mlcc market is globally important, but the overall demand is far greater than the supply of goods, especially when higher-end mlcc is still largely dependent on overseas imports, and there is a wide range of national alternatives for high-capacity, small-sized products.
The number of companies has increased twice, raising funds mainly for the extension of mlcc for high tolerance and 5g communications, at $3.8 billion/year. Companies are the rare platforms for vertical integration of the industrial chain in the mloc industry in the country, leading firms with strong technological, productive, cost, product price advantages, and companies in the national production substitution process.
The company is expected to open up new incremental space and achieve higher prices in its mlcc operations as the high-capacity mlcc capacity is released. • Traditional business and new business go hand in hand, and lower demand is expected to warm up more.
The Ceramic Intubation City is in the lead, and with the construction of the idc and the construction of the 5g base station, the Department is expected to benefit directly; through self-research, companies are expected to break the technological monopoly of overseas enterprises in the area of the Ceramic Seal Bases.
Alternative trends in national production are expected to accelerate the introduction of markets: new operations, such as nitro-aluminium tiles, ceramic machetes, fuel cell partitions, etc., are well advanced and well advanced, albeit small, but growing at a significant rate, and will perform in the future. Given the growth of the mlcc industry, there is still much room for national substitution, and companies will be able to do so.
Platform-based e-ceramic enterprises have a clear competitive advantage in terms of industrial chain layout, cost and price, and high-volume products are on track and are expected to increase continuously to further enhance the overall Māori ratio advantage. We give company 1 profiles: e-ceramic pioneers, mlcc operations open
1.1 Basic introduction: Deep Farming in the field of electronic ceramics, the construction of a diversified product matrix, the Three Rings Group, which was established in 1970 as the Tianzhou Radio Ceramic Plant, was successfully placed on the market in 2014.
The Division is committed to the development, production and marketing of products such as electronic basic materials, electronic components, communication devices, and deep-cultivation of ceramic electronic components. For decades, it has achieved a deep technological accumulation, mastered key core technologies in the industry, achieved a convergence of industrial chains, and became a leading enterprise for the development and production of ceramic components.
In the raw material chain, the company has access to key technologies, such as ceramic powder matching, to achieve vertical integration of slurry, formation, scalding, processing: in the downstream of the industrial chain, the company has developed and produced a series of products such as fibre-optic ceramic cores, ceramic envelopes, tiles, mlcc, etc. Based on ceramic materials, the company actively expands the product boundary and upgrades the product layout to meet market demand.
At present, products such as fibre-optic ceramic cores, ceramic base panels, electrical resistors and other products are in the world’s forefront, and the main products cover a wide range of areas such as optical communications, electronics, electrics, machinery, energy conservation and environmental protection, and new energy sources.
With more than 50 years of accumulated technology and experience, companies are able to break through many of the core technologies of electronic ceramics, achieve full connectivity up and down the industrial chain, and have an absolute advantage in the cost of patented technology and products.
The multiplicity of product matrices also expands the synergies of the company’s industrial chain integration, applying the boundaries of downstream applications Wide formation of product structures for development, introduction, development and maturity throughout the life cycle, enabling companies to open up new opportunities for performance growth,
Table 1: Some of the company's key products are described, the company's equity structure is relatively centralized and stable, with more institutional investors among the top 10 shareholders. Zhang Wan is controlled by the company.
A person who holds 2.80% of the shares directly in the tri-ring group and holds 19.94% of the shares indirectly through the Mitang Investment Company Ltd., which together accounts for 22.74% of the shares. The relative concentration of the company’s equity structure helps the company to pursue a long-term business strategy and to continue the pattern of future growth points. With the exception of the realist, the shareholding ratio of other shareholders is less than 5%, and institutional investors are relatively high.
1.2 Financial analysis: A return to a high growth path with a prospect of a gradual recovery in profit levels Overall performance is robust growth, with short-term pressure not to change the future for the better. Review of the company ' s past performance: 1) Revenue end: corporate business income as a whole grew steadily, rising from $3.1 billion to $6.2 billion in 2017-2021, for a period of time
Cagr is about 18.7% of this, with a marked decline in corporate revenue in 2019, mainly due to external pressure due to trade frictions, coupled with a shift from a high profile to excess supply in the mlcc sector in the same year, which moved to the stocking phase. But after 2020, with an increase in penetration of 5g and new energy vehicles, downstream demand returned to warmer, and corporate revenue grew at a high rate for two consecutive years.)
The company's operating income, mainly from light communications components, increased rapidly as the electronic component material business accelerated, and became operational.
In addition, as a result of the accelerated growth of corporate slurry and combustion battery diaphragm operations in recent years, other business panels now account for more than 17 per cent of revenue. The Māori rate for electronic components in 2021 was the highest, at about 53.5 per cent, in 2021; and the light communication components business.
Māori rate is about 50%: Māori in semiconductor operations is relatively low and is significantly below the overall Māori level of the company, at about 37.6%, with a steady overall increase in profitability and a continuing strong profitability advantage. Looking back at the company ' s past profit margin: corporate profitability has improved steadily overall, the company ' s Māori rate has fluctuated at or below 50% over the past five years, while net interest rates have remained at 32%.
For comparable companies, Māori rates and net interest rates have a strong lead. Companies integrate vertically deep in the electronic ceramics chain to achieve self-research, home-made, self-supply of ceramic powders, mammoths, associated components, and so on, so that they have a higher rate of decline and Māori. In the case of low-conforming mlcc products, the cost of powder raw materials is about 40% of the total cost.
The Māori rate for the sale of powdered materials is about 40-50%, so a rough estimate of the company’s ability to make low-comfort mlcc higher through self-powdering results in lower crop yields and lower product prices. As stocks are healthy, prices are falling, and crop rates rise, the share of top-looking products increases, and corporate profitability is expected to recover steadily.
Increasing R & D inputs on a continuous basis, and marketing and management costs control has been effective. At the cost end: the company sales cost has been maintained at a low level of 1 to 2%, with a sales cost of 0.8% in 2021, a decrease of 0.06 pp from the same year; the management cost rate has increased inputs by 75% from the same time. To increase innovation capacity and improve the core competitiveness of products, firms have been increasing their research in recent years.
In terms of the quarterly marginal changes, since 2022q1, the company’s stock has been growing at a similar rate, but the same rate has been shrinking by the same season. Waiting for downstream demand recovery, stock levels have been digested further, and the company’s main business has a 2mlcc industry: downstream demand trends are long-term good, high end products are national.
The whole industry of the multi-generational sector is growing steadily, with overseas manufacturers taking the lead in the market.
Packagings, etc.. The characteristics of capacitors made of different media materials vary widely and are applied in different fields; according to data from the China Association of Electronic Equipment (2019), the largest share of ceramic capacitors in the capacitors market is about 43%. Ceramic capacitors roots can be divided into three main categories, depending on the structure.
According to data from the China Electronics Association (2019), the multilayered ceramic capacitors (mlcc) account for 93% of the market 'mlcc performance, better meeting the demand for high capacitors for end-products.
The main structure consists of three components: inner electrodes, ceramics, and end electrodes. Since mlcc is based on a single layer of ceramic capacitor technology, the number of layers is increased by a multilayered process, and its capacity is proportional to the relative size of the electrodes and the number of stacked layers, so that the number of components can be increased without adding them.
In cases of limited size, meeting the high-volume demand for end-products has the advantage of being small, low-cost, wide-capacity, high-temperature, high-pressure-resistant, etc. The mlcc class is diverse and the field of downstream applications is extremely wide.
These are: 1) mlcc, which can be divided into two categories depending on the capacity. 2) The size of the encapsulation varies according to size, medium size, small size, etc.
The scenes are the most extensive (e.g. 0402, 0603, 0805, 1206), and the mlcc of small-sized envelopes (e.g. 0201, 01005) are usually used in small electronic products, while the mlcc of super-sized envelopes (e.g. 1808, 2220 and above) are used more frequently in ultra-high-capacity, super-pressure scenes.
Figure 16: The mlcc internal structure has a high technical barrier to the mlcc industry, and domestic manufacturers are accelerating to break through the core technology. From the industrial chain, the mlcc production chain is divided into: upstream ceramic powder and electrode materials, medium-movement element manufacturing, and downstream product applications.
The base is composed of three main points: ratio of top-stream raw materials to ceramic powder, medium-swap mlcc stack printing technology, co-burning of ceramic formation 1) powder formulation: mlcc ceramic powder is based on a percentage of titanium-acid base powder formed with rare earth elements. Good ceramic powder, with different formulations of fine and even size, has a direct impact on mlcc size, electrical capacity and mlcc.
At present, fewer manufacturers have access to ceramic powder formulations and technologies, mainly Japan and the United States, Japan, Japan chemistry, and the United States ferro account for more than 60% of the total, and the mainland has mastered mlcc powder formulations, mainly tri-ring groups, porcelain, and porcelain materials, but there are still some gaps in technology and overseas.
The cost structure of mlcc is larger, and the cost of the powder is higher, at about 35-45%, due to higher requirements for the performance of ceramic powder, particle size, etc. The technical barriers and cost ratios based on the powder, and the value of the development of ceramic powder as the product moves towards high tolerance, the bargaining power of the upstream miller in the industry makes it possible for the powder to be self-deposit.
Overlay printing technology: the size of the power capacity of the mlcc product is positively related to the number of internal stacks, during which stacking printing technology is the key core.
100 mcc of 1 μm thick: Village fields and solar induction have been developed to produce 0.3 mm. Continental manufacturers are accelerating their breakthroughs and have been able to complete the flow of 3 m thick membrane mediums and burn them into 2 m medium mlcc of ceramics, with layers stacked at 300-500 floors, but there is still a gap between the total and overseas manufacturers.
To burn: combustible technologies are the key to resolving the problem because the mlcc element in the production process involves the co-burning of ceramic media and internal and external metal electrodes into finished products, and differences in the contraction rates of different materials will lead to the possibility of product formation and cracking. Especially in the manufacture of high-level mlccs, combustible technologies are more sophisticated and combustible.
In terms of mlcc-cooling special equipment technology, Japanese enterprises have a variety of nitrogen atmospheres.
The market size of the mlcc market as a whole is up to 40%. The market size of the world ' s mlcc market as a whole is up to 40%, with short-term fluctuations in 2019, influenced by the flat price of mlcc, followed by an upturn in demand driven by an increase in penetration of 5g and new energy vehicles.
The market, according to data from the Chinese Electronics Industry Association, in 2021 the domestic market was about 48.4 billion yuan, an increase of about 5 per cent over the same year, with market size accounting for more than 40 per cent of the world's total. The mlcc market is highly concentrated and Japan dominates the industry.
Manufacturers are concentrated in Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, the United States, and mainland China. Global mills can be divided into three echelons: the first echelons are mainly Japanese and Korean manufacturers, such as Murada, Samsung, etc., whose producers lead the world in terms of capacity and technology; the second echelons are dominated by Chinese producers in Taiwan, such as the Great China and Hua Xinko, which are less technologically than in Japan.
According to the 2022 Chinese Mlcc Market Competition Study, Japanese mlcc manufacturers occupied half of the global market in 2021, with a city share of about 54% and the world’s highest, compared to China’s mainland share of only 7%, and the mainland’s share is currently in the global market.
In terms of market share, the market concentration is higher in mlcc, where, according to data from the Institute of Pre-Observation Industries, 89 per cent of cr4 in 2020 were in the mlcc sector; the share of the village fields was the first, accounting for about 32 per cent, followed by three-star electric machines, the Great National and solar inducing electricity, with 19 per cent, 15 per cent and 13 per cent respectively.
The mlcc industry is cyclical in nature, with prices, demand, and production capacity characterized by cyclical fluctuations. The supply-demand imbalance is a direct cause of cyclical fluctuations in the mlcc sector, while the macroeconomic situation affects the supply-demand relationship of the industry.
The industry has been going up three times: - on the one hand, smartphones, represented by apples and tristars, have grown rapidly; on the other hand, smartphones have increased their use of single machines, 4g compared to 3g. Multi-wheel drive mlcc demand bursting.
Growth, leading to higher prices for products. Gaps led to higher prices for products - Japan’s manufacturing capacity gradually shifted to high-end products such as automobiles and industrial controls at the end of 2016, resulting in inadequate supply of mid- and low-end mlcc; Samsung’s power plant was shut down for three months due to the impact of the explosion, and then restarted due to three stars.
The group overhauled the quality management system, which led to an extension of its delivery cycle; at the same time, Taiwan's producers and conduits hoarded a large quantity of goods, with multiple factors leading to a widening of the supply and demand gap for mlcc.
Plus 5g mobile phone and new-energy vehicle penetration, 5g base station construction speed up, mlcc industry in short supply and supply gap, and major manufacturers continue to expand production. Downstream demand is weak, with a larger increase in production, and mlcc moves into a new downward cycle.
For mobile phones, pc, automobiles, aiot, etc., the share of applications in 2020 was 38%, 19%, 16%, and 15% respectively, and currently consumer electronics are the main application area of mlcc. The demand for consumer electronics such as mobile phones, pc, etc. continues to decline, causing overall demand to weaken mlcc.
At first, mlcc entered the downward cycle, product prices continued to fall, and stock levels remained high. bbratio (book-to-billratio, order-out ratio) could be used as a precursor to the industry’s climate.
Upward: when bratio is less than one, it shows that the firm's orders are relatively poor, which suggests that the industry is likely to go down for some time. According to Trendforce, the world's top 10 suppliers of mlccbb ratio has been down to 0.86 since 2021q4.
Stock, crop rates, and product prices are important indicators of the mlcc industry’s climate. Since q3 in 2021, the mlcc industry has entered a downward cycle, with excess capacity and most product prices continuing to fall.
Prices: Prices of consumer regulation products, which dominates the mlcc market, have fallen the most, according to Trendforce, and, as of 2022q3, the consumption rule mlcc prices for the rest of the round have fallen by an average of dozens of percentage points. In order to stimulate the will of customers, digest stocks, the average price of consumption regulation 2022q4 has fallen by 1 to 2 per cent; servers in the field of industrial control,
Demand, such as smart electricity meters, has led to a relatively small decline in overall industrial regulation mlcc prices; while car regulation benefits, both industrial regulation and car regulation mlcc product prices are expected to stop falling and remain stable, while consumer regulation prices, despite further downward pressure, have reduced prices by 2022h2 on a seasonal basis.
2) Stockpiles: Depressed by low downstream demand, stocking is the main theme of the 2022 mlcc industry, where multiple manufacturers slow down the pace of expansion. According to the Trendforc conglomerate survey, as of early November 2022, suppliers had an average stock of about 90 days of water in the mlcc industry as a whole, with an average stock of about 90-100 days in the channel agent, large
The average stock of odm is about 3-4 weeks, and is still some 120 days from the overall market (combined agents, suppliers, and odm) healthy water level. However, based on marginal changes, and based on data from the quarterly stock of the giant and the Chinese Xinxin Section, it can be seen that the stock is shrinking on a seasonal basis, that the stock digestion has been significant, and that the inventory phase has gradually reached its end.
Figure 32: Quarterly stock movements in Washington, D.C. 2.3 New-energy vehicles driven by 5g are expected to drive industry upscaling Long-term increment: car electricization, intelligent upgrading, continued high demand for mlcc
Electrodynamicity: The penetration rate of new energy vehicles continues to increase. The most important difference between new energy vehicles and traditional cars is the “three-power” system: electrical systems, electrical control systems and battery systems, including control, electric engines, straight-flow converters, inverters, battery management systems, charging systems, etc. In recent years, the market for new energy vehicles has accelerated with the support of a multi-country policy plus.
According to data from the evvolumes, the global volume of new energy vehicles sold was close to 6.5 million in 2021, a doubling of the same rate. According to data from the Institute of Medium-Industries, the global penetration rate of new energy vehicles as of June 2022 was 12%; and according to data from the iea projections, the global volume of new energy vehicles will reach 40 million in 2030, with a penetration rate of 50%.
Intelligentity: Automation of intelligent driving continues to progress. The initial stage of intelligent cars is the application of driving aids and assistive systems, such as automated driving systems, and the ultimate stage is unmanned. Smart driving is currently at the weight of 12, the import phase of 13. The rationale of adas (advanced driving aids) is to coordinate with multiple sensors in the vehicle.
Gps, radars, etc., produce real-time road conditions and perimeter analyses, risk predictions are made in advance, providing security for the safety of cars. For policy reasons, adas is a long-term trend in the future. According to McKenzie projections, the penetration rate of smart cars at the global level of 122 and above is expected to reach 60% in 2030; according to fujichimeraresearch predictions, by that time
More than 62 million smart cars are expected to arrive worldwide. New energy and smart cars have significantly increased their use of mlcc, pulling cars up to mlcc requirements. 1) New energy vehicles: mlcc in conventional fuel trucks is used mainly in various electronic systems, such as power systems, safety systems, comfort systems.
In general, the use of the traditional fuel vehicle mlcc is about 3,000-3500. In the case of new-energy vehicles, it is about 1,000-1,500.
Additional control modules such as hybrid power, smart fuel, three subsystems for inverters, battery management systems, direct-flow power converters, and more core, increased demand for high-capacity, high-temperature car regulations mlcc, leading to a significant increase in total single-car mlcc demand. According to murata data, the average use of conventional fuel vehicles mlcc is around 3,000, while the mix power is mixed.
The vehicle's use of bicycles is estimated at 4,800, while the use of plug-in hybrid and pure electric vehicles has increased exponentially, at about 12,000 and 18,000, respectively. 2) Smart-driving cars: Advanced Driving Auxiliary Systems adas have gradually become a brand-new model, and currently l1 and l2 are.
Main intelligent acceleration configuration levels. As autopilot increases, the number of adas will double in ultrasound sensors, cameras, radars, and light detection and ranging modules, thus further increasing the use of single-car mlcc. According to trendforce data, the number of car rules for class 1 and class adas mlcc is approximately 1800-2200; with adas
The development of exclusive mcu, ssensoric, etc., is becoming more mature, and in 2023, class 3 adas is expected to be the target for many high-grade cars, and level 3 adas mlcc is expected to increase to 3,000-3500. As the adas are upgraded, so is the use of bicycle mlcc. According to the Trendforce data, level 1 electric cars mlcc
The demand for bicycles is 2.2 times higher than that for conventional ones, while the demand for electric vehicles of class 1-2 is 2.7 times that for electric vehicles of class 1-3 and above, the demand for motor vehicles is strong in the mlcc market, opening up a long-term growth curve in the industry. According to Trendforce, the global demand for mlcc was about 374 billion in 2020; in the last two years, powered by Tesla and the domestic forces of new cars, powered by electric gas.
With the continuing high sales and the consequent high demand for mlcc, the global demand for mlcc is expected to reach 562 billion by 2022. Based on changes in the use of bicycle mlcc as a result of car electricization and intelligence, and the continued increase in penetration of new energy vehicles and adas, it is estimated that the global need for mlcc is projected for 2025.
The demand is expected to rise by more than two times in 2030 to 68 billion. Because of higher mlcc rules for cars and relatively higher prices for products, future mlcc is expected to rise exponentially as the use of mlcc continues. Short- and medium-term increases: 5g commercial penetration continues, increasing the demand for mlcc for base stations, smart phones, etc.
Depending on the functional characteristics of 5g, the demand for mlcc varies from 4g to 4g. 1) HF: 5g frequency is higher, bandwidth is wider and there is a higher requirement for high frequency of mlcc products. 2) HF: 5g data operations increase, base stations run out of power and can easily cause localized high temperatures, and mlcc products are required for better high temperature resistance. 3) HF: 5g base station functions
High consumption, increased power voltage and increased demand for high voltage mlcc. 4) miniaturization: the 5g band has high frequency and short wave properties with shorter signal decay distances, so that the base station layout will be more intensive and smaller to achieve the 5g high transmission speed and low delay properties, leading to a shift in demand for mlcc towards miniaturization. 5) Demand: the 5g data stream will need to increase.
More chips and modules to process; in addition, since base stations will be heavily configured, the number will be higher than in the 4g era base station demand, resulting in a significant increase in mlcc demand compared to 4g. 5g base station: base station construction is accelerating globally. In the last two years, the communications industry has moved from 4g to 5g.
According to the China Business and Industry Institute, in 2021 there were about 2 million stations in the world; by October 2022, more than 230 operators worldwide had launched 5g commercial services, with 5g users reaching 700 million people.
According to the latest data from the Ministry of Information and Communications, by the end of November 2022, the total number of 5g base stations in the country stood at 2,287 million, a net increase of 8,622,000 from the end of the previous year, representing more than 70 per cent of the global total. According to the gsma projections, 5g will account for 20 per cent of the global connection in 2025, mobile network users may reach 5 billion, the number of network connections will increase from 12 billion to 24.6 billion globally.
80% of the operator’s mobile communications capital expenditure will be spent on the 5g network, and it can be seen that the next 5g covers the need for additional new 5g base stations to be deployed and the need for single stations to double the use of mlcc, contributing to increased demand in the mlcc sector. According to the Chinese Iron Tower, China’s typical power consumption of the 5g station single system is 3,500w, 3255w, and 4940w, respectively.
The average 4g base station single system is only 1300w, and it can be seen that the 5g base station is more than three times more than 4g; moreover, the 5g base station covers a much smaller area than the 4g base station, and therefore the need for the 5g base station is about three to four times the same area. According to the Ministry of Information, there are about 5.9 million stations in the country as of the end of 2021, which leads to a calculation of the future country.
Inner 5g stations require more than 15 million stations, and the global demand for 5g stations is even greater, several times greater than the current total of more than 3 million stations. According to Venkel, 4g base stations use approximately 3750 mlcc, and 5g base stations increase by three times, to 15,000. We expect that the global 5g base station will be built in 2022-2025.
About 6 million new stations, and more than 90 billion mlcc in demand from the construction of the 5g base station. 5g mobile phones: penetration continues to rise under a switch. Starting in 2020, 5g mobile phones began to move faster. According to strategyanalytics, in 2019, only 19 million smartphones were delivered worldwide; but in 2020,
In 2021, the volume of 5g mobile phone shipments increased to 245 million (idc data) respectively. In 2022, despite weak demand in the mobile market, according to idc projections, the global volume of 5g mobile phone shipments was expected to grow by 25.5 per cent in 2022, to 700 million. Strategyanalytics predicted that 5g smartphones would arrive in 2022-2027.
20%. According to the penetration rate, as of 2022 q2, the world ' s 5g mobile phone exits were above 4g for the first time, with a penetration rate of 49.9% and 0.2 pp higher than the 4g mobile phone penetration rate. While the global penetration rate of 5g is accelerating, there is still much room for improvement compared to the domestic penetration rate of 80%.
Mobile phones are upgraded with 5g communications upgrades, leading to an increase in the use of the smart single machine mlcc. The use of the single machine mlcc is usually increased as a result of the upgrade of the cellular functionality. For example, the use of the iphone is significantly increased by the use of mlcc, with 496 of the early iphone 4s single machine mlcc, while the use of the iPhone is significantly increased by the use of the iPhone.
Eleven single machines have increased to about 1,200, and the number of iphone 12max has increased to about 1,500. Moreover, upgrades in mobile technology will also increase the number of single machines mlcc. In the 2g era, mobile phones used about 170, while in the 5g era mobile phones used around 1,000.
In view of the upward trend in the use of mobile phone upgrades, which is expected to produce more than 1 billion mobile phones a year, we expect an average of 1,500 single machines in 2025, and an average of 5.5 trillion mlcc for 5g mobile phones.
Prior to the year, the size of the Mlcc, 0805 dimensions, was the most dominant, accounting for about 50%. In 1997-2003, the size of the 0603 dimensions became the mainstream, accounting for 42% at a time. At the same time, the demand for the 0402 dimensions grew rapidly, gradually replacing the demand of the 0603, 0805 inches, became the most dominant size of the industry in 2004 and peaked at 48% in 2008 and 2009.
The share of 0201 has been rising steadily, with demand accelerating since 2010 and becoming the mainstream industry after 2018, now accounting for more than 40%. In addition, the share of small sizes 01005 and 008004 has been rising steadily in recent years.
The 5g base station and 5g mobile phone open up short- and medium-term growth space for the mlcc industry in the future of the car industry. The 5g mobile phone has increased demand for small sizes, large capacitors, low-capacity high-end mlcc.
Reliability mlcc is predominant: According to village field estimates, with the accelerated penetration of motor vehicles and intelligence, the growth of high-capacity mlcc is expected to be close to doubling over the next five years, and the increase in high-reliability mlcc is almost three times higher. Overall, future miniaturization, high capacity, high frequency, high temperature, high reliability are important directions for the future mlcc.
Domestic mlcc market demand and supply are inverted, and there is wide scope for national production substitution. According to the China mlcc Market Competition Study 2021, global mlcc market demand is estimated at 4.4 trillion in 2020 and is expected to exceed 6 trillion in 2025.
Only about 6.6% of the complex increase during the period; the domestic market of mlcc, which accounts for the bulk of global demand, has only 7% of the domestic market, which shows a large gap in domestic mlcc supply and demand. According to China ' s customs data, domestic exports of mlcc were about 2 trillion in 2021, while imports were about 345 trillion and imports were close.
Three years of continuous upgrading, as can be seen from the fact that domestic mlcc is still highly dependent on imports. Domestic mlcc products are mostly at the lower and medium end, and national production is available to replace renewable space. Domestic mlcc head producers have tri-ring groups, Fenghua High, Woo-yang Technology, and micro-grooms.
Medium-sized products are abundant: Fuhua High Science covers full-sized mlcc, while Wooyang Technology and Micro-Change are dominated by small-sized mini- and ultra-microtypes, with products ranging from 01005 to 0201 to 0402. Overall, the country is now maturing in the medium- and low-end mlcc product sector, and the technology of low-end products among domestic producers is already meeting most of the demand: the development of high-end products is still inadequate.
In the logic of national production substitution: 1) Medium- and Low-end mlcc: In recent years, domestic producers are expected to increase their share in the Medium- and Low-end mlcc market, as the potential for high-end mlcc markets is vast, the capacity of overseas producers is constantly shifting to high-end products, while the medium- and low-end capacity is partially concessioned. 2) High-end mlcc: the proximity of large domestic plants.
Technological breakthroughs and rapid advances have been taking place over the years, with active fund-raising expanding towards high-end products such as miniaturization and high-capacity. End-products demand for relatively high-end mlcc is expanding and domestic imports of mlcc products are more numerous in this category, so there is much room for substitution of high-end mlcc national production over the long term.
Analysis by 3 companies: dynamic drive for mlcc business development, high-format product release 3.1 mlcc operations: product expansion to high-gold, miniaturization, to inject the core of corporate growth
The Department’s mlcc products are concentrated in medium-sized areas, such as 0402, 0603, 0805 and 1206. The company’s mlcc products are dominated by medium-to-medium inflammation and are widely used in such areas as domestic electricity, power supply, lighting, and the main customers are beautiful, Concta, Gli, tcl.
In the last two years, companies have gradually developed high-format products, and their applications have continued to expand to such areas as communications, automobiles, and 5g.
The mlcc product structure is gradually refined, and the release of high-specific products is expected to accelerate. In 2020 and 2021, the company launched targeted and increased funds for the expansion of high-quality mlcc and high-capacity mlcc series, respectively. 1) 5g Communications high-quality multilayered ceramic capacitors technical adaptation projects: mainly for high reliability, high tolerance, miniaturization,
High-frequency mlcc products, with a three-year project construction period, with a total investment of 2,285 million yuan. After the completion of the project, the capacity to produce is increased by about 240 billion yuan/year, with expected revenues of 1.56 billion yuan/year. 2) High-capacity series of multi-layered ceramic capacitors.
Some of the equipment is self-made, core raw materials are self-supplied, critical technologies are self-researched, downstream products are self-produced, and the self-supply of powders and mammoths provides a solid basis for the public to construct cost advantages and price advantages.
3.2 The product lines are diversified, new business growth is renewable, companies have been working for years in the field of electronic ceramics, and product matrices are diversified.
There are also deep layouts in such operational areas as ceramic cores, ceramic sheets, ceramic envelopes, etc. 1) Ceramic cores: are widely used in network transmission nodes such as light connectors, decayers, partitioners, etc. Fibre-optic ceramic cores are the key components used in connection with optical communication devices, and raw materials are mainly nanooxidium, which is the product of a series of formulations, injections, etc.
The fibre-optic connector is the most basic of the fibre-optic communications. It is used to achieve the connection function between fibre-optic and active, non-sourced devices and instrument activity, and its core fibre-optic ceramic plug-in core can affect the plug-in, echo, etc. performance of the connector. The fibre-optic connector is widely applied to the base station.
The fibre-optic ceramic core industry has a high market concentration, with companies accounting for the largest share of the world’s total. Global fibre-optic ceramic core production is concentrated in the country, with the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry accounting for more than 90% of domestic production in 2021.
The core industry has a high overall market concentration, with tri-ring groups, Fujikang, and Shenzhen Shenzhen producing more than 80% of the world’s output, with the tri-circumcities occupying the top position and occupying most of the walls. In recent years, there has been wide market demand for ceramic cores, driven by fibre-optic access, the construction of 5g base stations, and the construction of idc.
2) Ceramic tiles: At high temperatures, the bronze key is added to the surface of the aluminium oxide or nitrogen-based aluminium-ceramic tiles, which are made of insulation, high conductivity, welding, and high-strength basis sheets. Ceramic tiles are used mainly in the form of a single resistance, with high temperature resistance, good insulation, low medium constants and medium depletion, high heat conductivity, and good chemical stability.
At present, the production capacity of the country’s ceramic base plates is relatively low, the export dependence of high-end products is high, the end of the pipeline is dominated by American-Japanese manufacturers, and the future trend of national production substitution of ceramic tablets is likely to be sustainable. In the case of aluminium oxide ceramic tablets, the company now serves the world’s leading power-retardant plants and has a significant market share; in the case of nitrogen-based aluminium ceramic tablets, the company, although it does, has a significant share in the production of the tiles.
In the early stages of product import, but at a very rapid rate of release, the company is expected to continue to grow at a very high rate in the future as high-power equipment spreads the heat required for the nitrous aluminum porcelain tablets, due to better thermal conductivity of the porcelain tiles, the use of the igbt power module and the thick film printing circuit radiation, among other areas.
(c) Ceramic envelopes (pkg): Ceramic dishes with guidance graphics and impulsive porcelain permeables are in order to overlap with one another, and a three-dimensional interlocking structure is developed through atmosphere-protected scalding processes, mainly for the encapsulation of products such as crystallizers, filters, high-end cels, etc. The main three main functions of the porcelain envelope are: to provide a platform for the installation of chips.
To meet the gas-tight sealing requirements; to achieve miniaturization, thinning and surface-clothing of the outer shell; and to achieve chip and circuit boards, until 2010 the market share of the ceramic enveloped base was largely monopolized by three Japanese enterprises, namely, Kyochi, Nssed, and ntk, with the domestic market permanently dependent on imports.
American corporate monopolies, companies that have broken through the saw sonic filters, the cos image sensor envelopes, and the radio frequency envelopes in subsequent years, have made a leap from the low to the high end. At present, the main manufacturers of the ceramic envelopes are the Japanese china, the United States ntk, and the Triple Group, where the market share of the Japanese china market is the highest, at about 80%.
In addition, the company expanded pkg to the saw filter area and realized the volume and opened up new incremental space. In 2017, ntk began to withdraw from the base of ceramic seals, and in the process of partial market concessions, the company is expected to take advantage of the product’s price advantage to gain a greater market share.
Figure 58: Intra-restrictive structure of the plate, Figure 59: Major application areas for ceramic envelopes
Up to more than 40 per cent, the share of outgoing goods is expected to rise to about 15 per cent; assuming that the company ' s price of high-conservable mlcc is gradually warming, assuming 2: ceramic tablets, ceramic corer operations: the company ' s share of the market is expected to remain stable in 2023 and 2024, and the product is assumed to be 3: ceramic enveloped base operations: the company ' s share of the market is expected to increase steadily further, and the stock level is expected to rise.
We have chosen as comparable companies the three passive components industries of Fulbright High, Cable Electronics, and Farah Electronics, based on a net profit of 15.6/22.8/312 million dollars. Although the company’s performance is subject to short-term fluctuations due to the epidemic and weak downstream demand, we have been able to make a difference.
However, given that the mlcc industry is a more dynamic track in the passive sector, that there is much room for expansion of national production substitution, that the next round of industry ' s up-to-date cycle is expected to re-emerge in 2023-2024, that companies, as platform-based e-ceramic enterprises, have a clear competitive advantage in terms of the layout, cost and price of the industrial chain, and that high-volume product release is progressing well, and that the ratio is expected to increase further overall.
The Māori advantage, combined with the valuation level of the company ' s previous year ' s upward cycle (e.g., the second half of 2020 and the first half of 2021) is not as fast as expected; downstream demand is not warming as expected; and industry competition is increasing.) There is no reason, no reason, nor will there be any direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report.