The reason for the report is that the production and sales reports are fast and the monthly production and sales have increased considerably, and the quarterly recovery is gradual.
On April 15, 2021, the company released its March 2021 Express, which sold 2909 buses and \triangleright.
In March 2021, the company sold 2909 and 2990, respectively, representing an increase of 47.22 per cent and 47.22 per cent, respectively, respectively.
The underlying factors have led to a decline in the demand for buses, while macroeconomic and industrial policies have given the bus industry the highest/minimum in the year: downward pressure, with a low base for sales of company passenger cars during the same period of the previous year; and the second is the bus industry tradition in February.
Market value of circulationa shares (billions): low sales season, low base for last month ' s production; third, with the spread of vaccines and a significant improvement in the internal outbreak control system, a recovery in domestic tourist passenger and public travel requirements and a need for passenger vehicles
As a whole, the company, as the leader of large and medium-sized buses in the country, has been able to repair the sale of passenger vehicles, whose cumulative sales were 6837 and 7176, respectively, representing an increase of 24.22 per cent, 39.18 per cent and 67.83 per cent, respectively, compared with the previous year.
The negative impact of the demand for travel and tourist passenger transport has been reduced, but it has not been completely eliminated. Second, in recent years there has been an increase in the availability of high iron and private cars in the country, an increase in the earlier consumption of new energy buses, a decrease in the overall demand for buses and an increase in competition in the industry.
By car, sales of company buses, medium buses, and light passenger vehicles have increased at a high rate compared to the same time, with a stronger marketing effect for medium-sized buses. In terms of output, the company ' s large buses, ITC Section 69 West Street, Taiwon City, is located on the 28th floor.
Production of 1209 medium passenger vehicles, 1024 light passenger vehicles, and 676 vehicles, respectively, increased by the same year.
Sale of passenger and light passenger vehicles by Shanxi Stock Company Ltd. (1,268, 1043 and 679 respectively), representing an increase of 46.59 per cent, 164.72 per cent and 10.41 per cent, respectively, and a cumulative production of 2,851, 2724 and 1601 respectively, respectively.
At the industry level, it is proposed that the situation improves as a whole, and that the increase in the average monthly output of medium-sized passenger vehicles is higher than the increase in the average monthly output, and that the impact of the two models on corporate output is stronger. At the industry level, it is suggested that the situation improves, adding up to the rate of urbanization.
\triangleright is expected to drive the release of bus demand. The company is the leader of the bus industry, leading by large and medium-sized bus markets, rich in passenger-cars, well-developed product chains, and actively promoting overseas operations and keeping customers on the line.
In key technical areas, the company’s product structure is expected to continue to optimize, and its profitability is steadily improving. And expected; the overseas epidemic is continuing; and the passenger market is under pressure.
Monthly and ring sales have increased significantly, and the quarterly sales have improved. In March 2021, the monthly sales ratio for company buses was 1.03, leading to a drop in passenger vehicle demand, while macroeconomic and industrial policies have put some downward pressure on the bus industry.
The control situation has improved significantly, with the demand for domestic tourism passengers and public travel resumed, the demand for passenger vehicles recovered as a whole, the company as the leader of the country’s large, medium-sized passenger vehicles, and the sale of passenger vehicles repaired. 64.98% of the period, 67.83%, a gap still exists, which we believe is due mainly to the fact that, while the epidemiological factors are related to the demand for public travel and tourists
The negative impact of transport demand has been reduced but has not been completely eliminated. Second, in recent years there has been an increase in the availability of high iron and private cars in the country, an increase in earlier consumption of new energy buses, a decrease in the overall demand for buses and an increase in competition in the industry.
The sales of full-sized vehicles have increased by the same year, and the sales of medium-sized passenger vehicles have had a stronger booster effect. In terms of output, the company’s large buses, medium passenger vehicles, light passenger vehicles, 2578 vehicles, 1,445 vehicles, increased by 20.88 per cent, 39.65 per cent, 8.65 per cent, respectively, compared with the previous year. In terms of sales, the company’s large buses, medium-sized passenger vehicles, light passenger vehicles, equal sales, ring ratios have increased positively, with medium-sized passenger vehicles leading by two other types of vehicles at the same rate of growth.
At the industry level, the overall improvement in the prevention and control of the epidemic, combined with urbanization, is expected to trigger the release of passenger-car demand. The company, as the leader of the bus industry, is well ahead of the market in large and medium-sized buses, has a rich bus system, has a well-developed product chain, and is active in overseas operations, and continues to be well-placed.
(b) Key technical areas of the vehicle, which are expected to contribute to sustained optimization of the corporate product structure and a steady increase in profitability; (b) under-promotion of high-end products; and (c) under-promotion of overseas operations;
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.