"Mary Medical Care" (300,760) closed yesterday: 269.00 to acquire control of Hye-tae and the giant to open a new chapter in cardiovascular business.
On January 28, Murray's fully-funded Medical Corporation was in possession of Heetai's medical control.
The co-operator, Joo Hae-thai, holds a total of about 1.646 million shares in Hye-Tai, accounting for 24.61 per cent of Hye-Tai's total equity, will change the stockholders of Hye-Tai's medical holdings to deep control, and Merri-Medic will be able to exercise control over Hee-Tai's medical care, and to achieve the medical treatment of Hee-Tai at the level of Murray's medical consolidated statement.
It's a new blue sea of cardiovascular business. Unlike Murray's medical history, when it comes to mergers and acquisitions, the cardiovascular business involved in this merger is a completely new track for Murray's medical care. According to valluatemedtech, the global market in cardiovasculars is 56 billion dollars.
US$, of which China has a market of more than $50 billion in cardiovasculars. Hye-tae's medical care has been plowing for years in the cardiovascular track, with layouts in the fields of heart and electrical physiology, coronary arteries, and out-of-the-circle intervention, as well as the country's taps in cardiovasculars. Murray and Hye-tae are developing and operating.
There is synergy between the various components of marketing and manufacturing, and Hue-tae is expected to help Murray enter faster than 12 months with the highest/minimum price.
Cardiovascular track, upgrading and market space, and the mature global distribution network of Murray will also drive the acceleration of Hye-Thai ' s internationalization strategy. < < Murray Medical Point Assessment Report: Domestic in the third quarter >
Profit projection and investment rating: based on analysis of the company ' s core business portfolio, we expect 2023 - deceleration of income, increase of the overseas acceleration ring - < < < and look at Murray ' s medical care (300,760): valuation
Meanwhile, the market outlook remains broad >--2023-10 - <Mary's Medical Assessment Report: Routine Medical Rehabilitation, In vitro Diagnosis and Medical Image Production Lines in Season Two. ]
>--2023-09-04 Risk of a rebound; risk of increased competition in the market; risk of less than expected progress in research and development of new products; other
On January 28, Murray's Medical Full-Spendage Company was deeply accused of offering a concession of approximately 1,412 million shares, or 21.12 per cent of Heitai's total equity, at a cost of $471.12 per stock transfer. At the same time, deep control signed an agreement on the transfer of interests with the morning Hong Qing, and deep control of a general partnership of 0.12 per cent of the sum of 12.28 million dollars at a price to be awarded to the morning Queen Quantico.
Once the deal is complete, the deep control and its co-activist, Chu Hae-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e
The trade was valued at $30.2 billion, with a 25% premium on January 26 for Hyetai and a 23% premium on the 60-day average before Hye-tee. Murray was able to exercise control over Hee-tee ' s medical care and achieve a co-benefit of Hee-tee ' s medical care at the Murray Medical Consolidated Statement level.
In the course of the development of Myri's health care, the company has accelerated its development on several occasions through M&A operations. Unlike in previous classic M&As, this M&A involves a new track for M.I.'s health care.
In China, the physiology of dirty electricity is still in the early stages of market development, with industries growing rapidly, low national production rates, and promising prospects for the future, while hye-Tai is a leading enterprise in the domestic electricity-physiology industry. The Méri Medical Acquisition of hye-Te-He-He-Te-He-He-Te, for the former, added a new business block, and for the latter, strengthened domestic and foreign marketing channels.
According to evaluatemedtech, the global market in cardiovasculars reached $56 billion, including the Chinese cardiovascular sector.
The market is over $50 billion, the second largest in the global and Chinese markets for medical devices. The impact of population ageing, coupled with a low rate of penetration of cardiovascular surgery and continuous upgrading of surgical techniques, is expected to sustain a long-term double-digit growth in the global cardiovascular sector, with a higher rate of growth in the domestic cardiovascular sector.
Hye-Tai has been working for years in cardiovascular lanes, and has a layout in the fields of cardio-electricity, coronary arteries, and outer-weekly-vascular intervention, and is the country’s leading industry in cardiovascular areas. At the same time, there is synergy between Murray and Hye-Te-He-Te-Meh-Te, in research and development, marketing, manufacturing, etc., and Hue-Te-Te is expected to contribute more quickly to Murray’s entry into cardiovascular lanes and to the upgrading of marketable space.
(ii) The electric physiology advantage track, the acquisition of which promotes co-operation between the two sides, provides more than $10 billion worldwide in market space, including more than $10 billion in China, according to Murray's medical calculations. For example, the combined share of former foreign electric physiology producers in the Chinese market is close to 90%, and the national production rate is a significant improvement.
Even later in the year, Hye-Tai’s physiology products have gained some recognition at the domestic client level. Among them, the electrophysiology electrode catheter, the radio frequency digestion electrode catheter are the first national products to be registered in the country, and are identified by the Ministry of Science and Technology as a new priority for the country, and by the Scientific and Technical Commission for Trade and Trade in Shenzhen as an autonomous innovation product of Shenzhen City.
Equipment and materials in the field of electrocardial physiology are relevant, especially in the three-dimensional physiology area, and are used in combination with consumables. The technological deposition in the field of medical equipment will be effective in empowering and helping improve the performance of the product.
Ben. In addition, the global distribution network of Murray’s products, Hyetai’s products, will reach out to global customers faster and increase capacity to go out to sea. The risk of goodwill erosion from acquisitions: the risk that overseas markets will not expand as much as expected: the risk of increased competition in markets: the risk that new products will not be developed as quickly as expected; and other policy risks.
The giants opened a new chapter in the cardiovascular business.
988 St. Fung Square, Guangzhou Avenue, 102 Pacific Securities Institute.
The company ' s uniform social credit code is: 91530007557165982d.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.