M.M.M. (300760.sz) Medical team Rapid development, quality, both within and outside of the country's production apparatus.
On February 18, 2024, the company issued the announcement of the Department of Biomedical Electronics Limited in Shenzhen Merri on the Quality Return Double Action Plan, which reads, “Investment-based”.
"Mary Medical Company Review: Merrill's acquisition of Hee-tae's shares, "Mary Medical Company Review: Growing Breaks and Seeding Businessing."
On July 24, 2023, a meeting of the Central Political Bureau called for a vigorous capital market and confidence-building for investors. On January 22, 2024, a regular meeting of the state stated that it would be important to upgrade the quality of listed companies.
Quantities and investment values require stronger and effective measures to stabilize markets and confidence. This company has developed a “double-up qualitative returns” action program, which is expected to enhance investors’ sense of ownership and contribute to the smooth and healthy development of capital markets.
The company has been investing heavily in research and development and has been working to plough the markets, both within and outside the country, in three major areas of business: life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, medical imagery, through more than 30 years of exhibition and more than 20 years of overseas distribution, and now has the best product line in the same industry, selling the product.
Over 190 countries and regions around the world. The company’s multiplicity of products has been able to compete with the world’s frontlines, ranking among the world’s leading players in custodians, anaesthetics, and respirators.
In January, the company announced its intention to use $6.65 billion of its own funds to achieve the acquisition of control over medical care at Méri Medical Equipment Company and to achieve a breakdown of the track layout in the cardiovascular sector.
Companies are actively repurchased, paying attention to investor returns and investor exchanges. At the same time, the company maintains a high percentage of its performance, with six consecutive years since its listing in 2018, to implement equity buy-backs and defend shareholder interests.
Good interaction with investors and effective transparency in the management of corporate operations. Profit forecasting, valuation and rating. Unintegrated with expected risks; exchange rate fluctuations risk; R & D progress less than anticipated risks; markets
Competition increases the risk: collection of higher than expected risk of price reductions, etc. Analysis of relevant report rating ratios in the market