Murray Medical (300,760) Closed yesterday: 297.38 "Quality returns double up." Murray Medical is on the move.
On February 18, Méri Medical issued an announcement establishing a programme of action for a "double Quality Return" to further stabilize capital markets and investor confidence. The company's programme of action has the following components: (1)
Focus on master business development, making a big step towards the top 20 of the global medical apparatus; (2) continuous strengthening of product development, development of inputs and achievement of multi-stakeholder win-wins; (3) acceleration of breakthroughs by high-end client groups, both within and outside the country, and enhancement of market share: (4) acceleration of M&A acquisition of global excellence and search for long-term sustainable growth space: (5)
Maintain robust performance growth and share development gains with investors; (6) value investor relations management and improve the quality of information disclosure. Quality enhancement: internal and external growth contributes and global position increases.
In order to achieve the ambitious development goals of the future, companies will insist on autonomous research and development for endogenous growth, while actively looking for suitable indicators.
"Mary's Medical Review Report: Acquisition of Hye-Thai Control, Big Starts a New Chapter in Cardiovascular Business" - - "Increased Return: Strong Performance Growth, High Scores in the Capital Market for Caring."
The third quarter of last year, companies announced for the first time a profit distribution, a slowdown in income, and an increase in the speed circle overseas.
< < See Murray Medical (300,760): The valuation returns, and in the future, Murray Health will continue to balance strategic development planning with shareholder returns, ensuring steady growth in company performance and increasing returns to shareholders.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: we anticipate risks based on an analysis of the company's core business portfolio; risks of increased competition in the market; risks of less-than-expected R & D of new products; other: development of a Quality Return Double Action Programme to stabilize markets and confidence
On February 18, Méri Medical issued a public announcement setting up a programme of action for a “double return” that aims to give investors a sense of real and tangible access to a stable market and confidence. The company's programme of action has the following components: (1) focus on major business development, step up to the top 20 of the global medical apparatus; (2) sustained strengthening of product R & D inputs to achieve a multi-stakeholder win; and (3) plus
Rapid breakthroughs in high-end client groups, both within and outside the sea, to increase market share; (4) accelerated M&A acquisition of global excellence in search of long-term sustainable growth opportunities; (5) robust performance growth and sharing of development gains with investors; (6) emphasis on investor relationship management and enhanced disclosure Quality enhancement: inward and forward growth and increasing global position
Through more than 30 years of development and more than 20 years of overseas placement, Murray's health care has built up well-developed product lines and global marketing systems around life information and support, in vitro diagnosis, medical pictures, like three major businesses. In 2022, companies ranked 27th in the global medical equipment industry, up 5th from 2021 and 9th from 2020.
The Division’s goal of becoming the world’s top 20 medical instrument list in 2025 has been to continue to hit the top 10, or even higher, industries around the world. Since its inception, Murray’s health has placed great emphasis on building research and development systems, maintaining ownership of innovation, and mastering core technologies.
At the end of last year, Murray had over 4,400 research and development personnel with a strong capacity for product engineering and system integration.
With an investment of 2.811 billion yuan, representing a 10.3 per cent share of operating income, an increase of 23.3 per cent over the same period, and a sustained increase in R & D investment, another important development strategy of M & D is the active search for global excellence for mergers and acquisitions, thus building and enriching the material-intensive business layout and bringing about internal and external synergies. In 2023, the company completed its global work.
The company will make full use of past cross-border M & As integration and management experience to enhance capacity-building in overseas localized production, warehousing, logistics, services, and so on. In January of this year, the company’s company and the public will build a solid foundation for the full internationalization of the in vitro diagnostic business by gradually importing and refining supply-chain platforms for overseas in vitro diagnostic operations, such as chemical lighting.
It is proposed to use $6.65 billion in self-financed funds to achieve the acquisition of medical control over medical equipment listed on the board, and to quickly organize a breakdown of the cardiovascular sector. The return will increase: robust growth in performance, high scores in the capital market for anti-breathing.
In the first three quarters of 2023, the company achieved a net return profit of $9,834 million, or 21.38 per cent more than in the previous quarter; achieved business income of $27,304 million, or 17.2 per cent more than in the previous quarter, and continued to maintain a more robust level of performance. To further implement the country’s policy of encouraging cash dividends from listed companies, a combination of investor demand for returns and companies was taken into account.
On the basis of a billion shares, the sum of 43 yuan (including taxes) in gold dividends per 10 shares to all shareholders, and a combined share of approximately 52.12 dollars in the future, Méri will also continue to balance strategic development planning and shareholder returns, while ensuring a robust growth in corporate performance and increasing returns to shareholders on the one hand.
The risk of impairment of goodwill from acquisitions; the risk of less than anticipated opening of overseas markets; the risk of increased competition in the market; the risk of less advanced development of new products; and other policy risks.
Pacific Portfolio, 17th floor, 500 southeast of Shanghai, 988 St. Fung Square, Guangzhou Avenue, 102nd Pacific Securities Institute.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. has a licence to operate securities futures, and the company ' s unified social credit code is as follows:
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the purchase of the securities in question. I, the company and its employees, are not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report