The Silver World's Wisdom Investment Corporation has been re-established to buy Heetai's medical treatment, and it's a strong entry into cardiovascular intervention.
On 28 January, the Murray Medical Notice announced that it was planned to purchase Xiaotai Medical Control 383.43 RMB for $6.65 billion of its own funds through a fully-owned subsidiary. Xingzheng Hui and other shareholders together held approximately 14.12 million shares in Quetai Medical Care, which accounted for the total share capital of Quetai Medical Care.
In the case of China, deep control will be the form of Chinese medicine.
Gp and the executive partner, Miri, are still in the form of lp. Once this deal is over, the co-activist Joo Hae-hye will together hold some 24.61% of Hee-tae's shares, and deep control will become Hee-tae's.
After the transaction is completed, Hee-tae's original owner, Hee-hye-hye-hye-Hung-hyuk, will still have 18.73% of Hee-hye-hye's shares, 8.73% of voting rights, and will be Vice-Chairman and Managing Director of Hee-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye.
We expect that the transaction will take some time to complete. Hye-tae's medical treatment has been on a year-round schedule since the beginning of 2024, and we estimate that the merger will boost Murray's health care.
It will generate $12 billion in operating cash flows and $9 billion in free cash flows. Therefore, the firm's balance sheet is strong, and this cash acquisition will not put financial pressure on Murray's medical care. This merger will add about $6.5-7 billion in goodwill.
In our view, about 25% of the control premium will be relatively reasonable. Méri will be able to quickly cut into cardiovascular channels and support the company’s long-term rapid development through the acquisition of Heetai’s medical care. Heetai’s is a leading company in China’s electric physiology field.
With more than $10 billion in global market space, the country has more than 10 billion yuan. Currently, nearly 90% of China’s electricity, physiological markets, are held up by import brands, and there is a large alternative to future domestic production.
Prior to that, M.M.I. had expanded the micro-surgery and osteoporosis track through the self-research + M& A model to build the company’s second-growth curve by moving into the high-value consumer market. According to Frost Sullivan, vd, medical video equipment and cardiovascular devices were the top three sub-markets in the world’s 2021 market for medical devices.
The market share is 46.2%. At present, the core business of Murray Medical Services covers the area of ivd and medical video equipment, and when the purchase is completed, Murray Health has been able to rapidly expand the third largest medical equipment segment of the market. In addition, Hetai Medical Services has grown by more than 90% overseas over the three seasons, earning about 16% overseas, and has a stronger potential to travel to the sea.
Purchase, Méri will take full advantage of the global market ' s resource advantages to improve the global layout of Xetai ' s health care, achieve strong alliances and improve the integrated competitiveness of Méri ' s health care in the global market. (wacc: 9.4 per cent, sustained growth rate: 3.0 per cent).