Murray Medical (300.760.sz) plans to acquire medical control over Hye-tae and move into the field of cardiovascular equipment.
The company's announcement is that it intends to acquire, through a fully-owned subsidiary, approximately 14.12 million shares of Hee Tae's medical holdings and other shareholders combined.
Upon the completion of this transaction, the owner of the deep control and his co-activist Joo Hae-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye-hye.
For Hye-Thai, it is expected that the global market will continue to improve the competitiveness of products through the use of Merri's advantages in research and development and marketing systems, and that it will boost the global sale of electrical physiology, coronary circuits, and out-of-the-art blood vessels. For Murray, Hee-Tai will expand its new cardiovascular lines, adding $30 billion to the global market.
Domestic access to markets and RMB 25 billion is important to help Murray achieve rapid growth in his long-term performance. The Méri Medicines, as leader of the country’s home-grown medical apparatus, have a strong research, development, and marketing power, and have achieved remarkable results in internationalization.
Murray Medical is planning to acquire 21.12% of Heetai Health 21.12% for $6.65 billion. The trade is valued at $30.2 billion. The main business of Hye-Tai Health is the development, production and sale of products such as electrophysiology, coronary arteries, and extraneous vascular intervention, for the country's electric physiology sector.
The growth rate of 404 million in 2019 rose rapidly to 1,216 million in 2022, with 44.4 per cent in cagr; during the same period, net profit returns were made.
The deal is valued at $30.2 billion, with an average premium of 25% on January 26, compared to the average premium on the previous 60 days, and a high premium on Murray's medical strength in the cardiovascular track, and a strong co-leading of the industry.
According to an estimate by valluatemedtech, cardiovascular-related areas are ranked second in the global market in medical equipment and maintain a high rate of growth. China’s cardiovascular-related products, such as electrophysiology, are marketed on a large scale and have relatively low penetration rates.
In 2019-2024, the cagr was 15.7 per cent of the intervention equipment used in the catheter-melting operation, and the domestic physiology market was increased from 1.48 billion yuan in 2015 to 4.67 billion yuan in 2019, and the cagr was 33.2 per cent. According to company announcements, the number of physiology surgeries per million people in the country was about 130, while in the United States it was 1,300 per million, 10 times higher than in the country.
According to the Chinese Cardiovascular Health and Disease Report 2022, published by the National Centre for Cardiovascular Diseases, there are 330 million cases of cardiovascular disease in the country, with 2 deaths per 5 deaths. In 2019, the number of coronary intervention operations in China reached 1089,000, representing all of the vascular intervention operations.
In 2019, the market for coronary intervention devices in the country reached $6.18 billion, driving the rapid growth of the overall coronary intervention market as the penetration rate increased. The market size of the surrounding vascular intervention devices increased from $1.230 billion in 2015 to $2.49 billion in 2019, with cagr reaching more than $10 billion in global market space for electrophysiology, including more than $10 billion in the country, according to company announcements.
With more than $20 billion in global market space for coronary arteries and outer vascular intervention products, the country has more than $15 billion in access to these areas, which can greatly broaden the market space for Murray. Hye-tae is the domestic decomposition of the cardiovascular sector, with layouts in the fields of electrical physiology, coronary ducts, and outer vascular intervention, with leading technology.
After the conclusion of this deal, and on the basis of the independent development of Heitai ' s health care, the two companies will jointly develop integrated plans for business development strategies, R & D, and marketing systems, and Meri ' s health will enable Hee Tae-hye ' s health care to become more competitive in the global market. In the future, Murray ' s health will build on this to expand other areas of consumption horizontally and improve the product matrix.
This stock-holding merger is expected to bring about a synergy of “1+1>2.” For Hee-tae, it is expected that the global market’s competitiveness will continue to be enhanced through the use of Merri’s strengths in research and development and marketing systems, and the global marketing of electricity physiology, coronary arteries, and extra-thermal intervention products.
Domestic access to the RMB billion is important to help Murray achieve rapid growth in his long-term performance. As a leader in national medical equipment, Méri’s research and development and marketing power has been strong, and the internationalization of the market has yielded remarkable results.
Health insurance policy risks, geopolitical risks, market competition risks, R & D failure risks, commercialization risks below expectations. Murray Medical (300.760.sz) – Annual Report 2022 and First Quarterly Report 2023: Strong Performance Growth, Innovative Research & Development and Marketing Integration Support Murray Medical (300.760.sz) – Third Quarterly Review 2022: New Foundations of Domestic Medical Care plus High-Level Overseas Client Breakthrough Performance
Murray Medical Care (3007.sz) — Mid-2022: Medium-term income and net gains steady growth, accelerated roll-out and internationalization — authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author's professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party's approval or influence; authors have not studied it in the past, now or in the future