Guozhou kweichowmooutai (600519/ch) Guizhou Mautai Tracking Report: Removing superspisionandexporinitation, thesteadyandclimbinguprevenuecanbeunstable
Opinion Focus investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forengrishsummary) Event: Recent release of state-owned shares for free transfer and receipt of supervision of related matters
The press also reported on such announcements as letters of work, simple reports of changes in interests, and the National Directorate for the Supervision of Markets, the convening of an executive board of representatives of the country's maroon distributors, and the strengthening of the price regulation of white and white wine, among others, during the two festivals.
According to the People’s Daily News, the Maotai Group is now making steady progress toward the $11 billion goal. Over the next five years, the Maotai Group has set out its vision of becoming the world’s 500-strong firm.
In the period of the 14th Five-Year Plan for the Economic and Social Development of the State, and in the light of the recommendations of the 14th Five-Year Plan for the National Economic and Social Development of the State, the State wants to maintain a higher rate of economic growth than the national average.
The performance growth of Mao Dao has been achieved by more means. First, there was little growth in corporate production in 2020, combined with the historical stock of alcohol, which is expected to be in business next year, the direct distribution channel ratio, an increase in the share of high Maori products, and the possibility of a return to history.
The unplanned price used; third, it is not impossible to raise the price of the plant, provided that the market price is stable and manageable, and that the current condition does not mean that it cannot be achieved in the future. The poor performance of the bubbly and other sections has pushed up the overall valuation of the food and beverage block this year.
Performance projections have been modest since the beginning of the year. Thus, we believe that future valuation changes will depend more on investing in the mobility of food beverages after investors have converged on firm-based expectations, and it is suggested that attention be given to research on the macro and strategy of sea-tone.
Performance projections and investment proposals. We expect a double-digit growth in corporate gross operating income and net profit returns over the next three years to be guaranteed, not excluding a phased acceleration. We maintain 2020 - Risk factors: excessive prices inhibit real consumption, channel reforms create conflicts of interest, prices
The sale is affected by the boom-and-drop.