Wave information (000977.sz) Profitability continues to improve and server landscapes are long-term good.
With new technologies such as domestic cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence and so on, companies are expected to continue to benefit from the development of the digital economy and national production substitution, leading to high net profit growth and increasing profitability: in the first three quarters of 2021, companies achieved business growth.
The net profit was reduced by 1,208 million yuan, or 98.76 per cent. The net profit of the company increased by 98.76 per cent. The net profit of the company increased by a year-on-year, mainly benefiting from downstream market demand, while the optimal structure of the company’s product led to Maori.
Corporate profitability continues to rise. Wave server output is second in the world: according to the quarterly report of the global server city 2021q3, released by idc, the global server market has grown by 8.8 to 24.680 million dollars, the same size.
The same volume grew by 9.6 per cent, to 33.76 million. According to the manufacturer's ranking, Dale, Wave, Hpe, the top three global servers, with a further expansion of their global advantage, sales and shipments at a similar rate of 15 per cent and 14 per cent, respectively, outpacing the average increase, with a global server market share of 10 per cent.
The current wave has become the core strategic provider for the Internet industry, with China's Internet market holding the highest share of more than 50%; cloud server markets occupying the world's top five and China's top two; and in the field of marginal computing, the tides.
The server industry has a long-term positive outlook: according to idc, China’s overall server market is expected to grow at a combined rate of 12.7% over the next five years, and the size of China’s overall server market is projected for 2025.
The share of institutional investors in circulation a would reach $42.47 billion, of which the market for x86 servers would reach a 13 per cent compound growth rate over the next five years, and the market size of the market for x86 servers was expected to reach $41.42 billion in 2025.
With the rapid diffusion of emerging technologies such as domestic artificial intelligence, big data, unmanned, vr/ar, the demand for data processing capabilities has increased, and the server industry has long been better. Companies will benefit from the high profile of the industry over the long term.
Profit forecast: We expect that the company’s net profits in 2021/22/23 will be less than expected in downstream cloud computing, ai, etc. The report is prepared by Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., the investment in Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not... personal clients.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and associated companies may have used or recommended any action on the use of the Report. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may not have taken any action on the use of the Report.
The information and opinions in this report may or may not be changed prior to notification. The certificate of interest (Hong Kong) company and any of its directors or their representatives or employees  will either have an opinion or stand on the certificate described in the report, or will buy, sell or offer the certificate described in the report. The certificate of profit (Hong Kong) company and its subsidiaries and associated companies may buy the certificate described in the report on their behalf or on behalf of others .