The expansion of Māori has led to a rapid increase in the performance of Sanya Free City, which supports the year’s performance. On October 9, 2017, the size of the tax-free business expanded and the Māori rate increased to a much higher level than expected.
The airport tax-exempt business goes hand in hand, and the company's future tax-exempt sales are expected to grow rapidly.
The increase in business size will increase the company’s bargaining power over upstream duty-free suppliers, thus increasing the Māori rate. The increase in the company’s Māori ratio is judged by reference to the world’s tax-exempt giant, dufry.
During 2007-2012, the size of the duffry collection increased from $1.5 billion to $3 billion, and the Māori rate for tax-free operations increased from 56 per cent to 73 per cent, an increase of 17 percentage points.
Similar to Duffry’s 2007-2012 phase, it is expected that the Māori rate of corporate tax-exempt operations is expected to be driven by multiple positive factors, and that the Sanya tax-free city’s performance will continue to be released. In addition to the space created by the expansion of the airport, the number of tourists will grow; South Korea’s downturn, and the Hainan tourism market is expected to have an alternative effect;
The synergies resulting from the impending opening of Transnis; management's active engagement with external talent will bring about high operational efficiency; and, in addition to the increased number of visitors to the travel agency partnership, we expect that Sanya's performance will continue to grow well, including at the policy level.
In January 2017, tourists who leave the island by rail were included in the tax-free shopping area, and the tax-free off-island policy was eased again.
It is important to develop a cross-border power provider. The company will be on the line “turn back to its December lowest price” ($)
Buying the "cross-border power provider platform, which will provide goods to consumers on a self-employed basis through a logistics warehouse in Hong Kong warehouse or direct mail. Although the platform initially only sells perfumed products, the Sino-China Group uses its tax-exempt procurement channels to buy “back” goods on the positive side of the guarantee.
The mask has a great advantage. Moreover, “go back” would provide consumers with tax and tax benefits, and it would also have a considerable advantage in the industry.
The tax-exempt city has not grown as much as expected. 1. Tax-exempt operations have driven companies to record good performance, promising rapid growth throughout the year. Profitability has remained almost equal and performance in the second quarter has been impressive.
In terms of profitability, the company ' s Māori rate was 29.53% in the first half of the year, 1.68 percentage points higher than in Piti, mainly due to the company ' s higher Māori rate as a percentage of its revenue from the sale of commodities during the same period last year. Overall, the company ' s total operating cost increased slightly from 0.27 percentage points to 85.59 per cent over the same period.
The company’s net profit growth is slower than the growth rate of its harvests. On a quarterly basis, the company’s revenue growth in the second quarter was 34.85 per cent on a year-on-year basis, a 24.32 percentage point increase over the first quarter; the net profit increase in the second quarter was 41.93 per cent on a year-on-year basis, an increase of 38.85 percentage points faster than in the first quarter.
In addition, in the first half of the year, the company increased its tax-free business income by 1,362 million yuan through the Purchase Day Tax Free Company (China) Limited.
In the first eight months of the year, as a result of South Korea’s deployment of the Sad system, the number of tourists to South Korea fell by more than 40%. Sanya has a sea island, leisure, and a sea island.
At the same time, since 2016, Hainan Province has stepped up its efforts to deal with tourism market disruptions, restoring its tourist image and increasing its attractiveness to tourists. Indeed, in January-July of this year, Hainan Province hosted 61.34 million overnight tourists, a 58.7% increase compared to the high rate in host countries.
In the first half of the year, the number of duty-free purchases from Hainan Island increased by 32 per cent and the volume of duty-free sales increased by 26 per cent, indicating excellent tax-free sales in the context of the rapid growth of tourist arrivals from Hainan. As Sanya Free City has resumed its cooperation with travel agencies, summer groups will increase.
On the basis of last year’s three-quarter low base, performance is expected to be higher than expected, with rapid growth in corporate performance throughout the year. 2. The growing middle class is an important force in tax-free consumption, according to Chefs (Southwest Finance University) countries.
Survey data for 2015 show that, according to the criteria of $50,000 to $500,000 in net wealth, the current adult population of the middle class in China is about 204 million, or 20.1 per cent of the adult population; the overall wealth held by the middle class is about $28.3 trillion, which is far greater than the $16.8 trillion and 97,000 in the United States and Japan.
In terms of the size of the middle class, and in terms of its overall wealth, China is on the top of the world’s list. The Secretary-General of the National Development and Reform Commission’s Academic Council, Zhang Yinsheng, expects that the number of Chinese middle class members will increase to 630 million in the next 20 years, becoming a huge consumer in pursuit of high-quality products and services.
In March 2017, the Institute for the Study of the Quality of Wealth published a report on the way of life of Chinese VIPs outside China, which refers to a high net population of 10 million yuan or more of net assets (i.e. liquid assets readily available, excluding fixed assets such as real estate). The report states that, as of 2016, the net assets were in excess of 10 million yuan.
There are 70 million people in the middle class, 4 million in the millions of rich people with net assets of $10 million or less, and 150,000 in the millions or more, and the size of the country ' s high net population. The data show that, in 2016, more than 600 billion yuan was spent abroad by our VIP groups, of which luxury goods were consumed.
Nearly RMB480 billion, and the Chinese luxury consumer, with its VIP core, has bought nearly half of the world’s luxury goods, thus becoming the main consumer of the world’s luxury goods. The Institute of Wealth Quality predicts that the foreign tourism consumption (including shopping consumption) of our VIPs will reach RMB70 trillion in 2017, accounting for about half of the total tourist travel outside our country.
In 2017, our guests will consume 56 million yuan yuan in luxury goods abroad, based on the ratio of the consumption of wanted luxury goods to the consumption of all tourists outside the country. Their demand for luxury goods is in the context of the expansion of our middle class and the maintenance of strong purchasing power among high net worth groups.
In terms of purchasing channels, it is expected to continue to grow rapidly. These include, in general, out-of-country tourism purchases (with tax rebates), domestic duty-free shop purchases, domestic online purchases, and domestic specialty purchases in four ways. In August 2017, the Cbndata joint cat published the Report on Trends in the Consumption of Luxury Goods in the New Retail Age 2017, which states that our tariffs fell in 2016.
At the same time, overseas luxury brands have experienced a decline in sales and an increase in the number of doors closed. In other words, while luxury goods are now being consumed back, consumers are buying in domestic brands.
This is particularly beneficial for the company’s tax-exempt sales business. As a national tax-exempt enterprise, the company’s middle-class group is tax-free from abroad, from within the country and from the island.
At the same time, companies are about to “go back” to a cross-border power company platform to open up an online luxury market. The platform is backed up by goods from a neutral national business background, and the platform has a great quality, price advantage, and development potential.
In 2016, the tax-exempt group under the corporate umbrella earned about $8.8 billion, including traditional tax-exempt operations, tax-exempt city operations and tax-free wholesale operations.
In the next two to three years, the size of the tax-free business of the Central Free Bank will increase across the board. Hong Kong International Airport revenue from the tobacco and alcohol segment will be about $2 billion, the capital airport revenue from the tax-free business will be about $4.5 billion, and the company’s tax-exempt business income will be high as the Central American rabbits successfully hand over and combine with them.
In addition to the winning rights to operate, the Central and Free Group, as the absolute leader of the domestic tax-exempt industry, with strong purchasing, operating and managerial capacity, has the potential to gain access to White Cloud Airport in Guangzhou and to operate duty-free at Shanghai Pudong International Airport. The exemption will expire in March 2018 and its volume is expected to be 5 billion United States dollars.
More than a dollar, the tax-exempt operations scale effect would be greatly enhanced if the middle-exempt group succeeds in winning the bid. Reference to the dufry scale effect release, the company’s tax-exempt Māori rate would increase.
At the same time, Duffry's Māori ratio has been rising rapidly, with minor adjustments. In terms of business structure, Duffry's share of taxed merchandise sales has reached 40%, a significant increase.
6.38% in 2016. So, when we look at the size of the tax-exempt Māori ratio in the Duffry analysis, we need to consider separately the evolution of the Māori rate in the Duffry tax-exempt business. According to the information disclosed by Duffry, the Māori rate in the Duffry tax-free business rose from about 56% in 2007 to 73% in 2016.
About 17 percentage points have been raised in nine years. We believe that the increase in the dowry rate is due, on the one hand, to the expansion of corporate revenue, the increase in bargaining power over upstream suppliers, the decrease in procurement costs, and, on the other hand, to tax-free companies.
The increase in the bargaining power of upstream suppliers has partially offset the negative impact on profitability of high rates of withholding at airports, such as the capital airport, and is expected to increase significantly the profitability of other traditional tax-exempt operations and tax-free cities off the island. In 2011-2016, the Māori rate for corporate commodity sales increased from 40.67 per cent to 45.02 per cent.
Given that companies have a tax-free commodity sales ratio of around 5 to 8 per cent, we expect that the Māori rate of the company ' s duty-free commodity business will recover from the tax-free operating rights at the Haipodong International Airport and the Guangzhou White Cloud Airport entry point, and that the tax-free sales from Sanya Island will continue to grow well)
Thanks to the multiplicity of positive factors, the tax-free growth space on Sanya Island is wide, with 4.1 Hainan playing an alternative role to South Korea, and the tax-free city's performance is expected to continue to be released a million times, at an average annual rate of 30.09%. One of the major reasons for our residents to travel to South Korea is shopping.
A study published in 2014 by the Cultural and Sports Touring Committee of the City Council, 60.2% of foreign tourists went to Seoul with the main objective of shopping: 80.6% of Chinese tourists used shopping as their main purpose for going to Seoul. During the Spring Festival of 2014 (January 31 to February 9), a quarter of the revenue from Le Tien's Seoul store went from the centre.
In addition, the amount of the Chinese silver card card, which is used by the Lottein and the modern department, has increased by 1.25 and 1.65 times, respectively. Statistics from the Korean Tourist Commune show that the per capita consumption of Chinese tourists in the country in 2015 was $2,200 (approximately 14283, RMB), more than double the average consumption of tourists to Korea: at the same time, the statistics show that it is more than double the average consumption of tourists to the Republic of Korea.
Seventy% of Chinese tourists go to South Korea mainly for shopping. So shopping is indeed a major reason for our tourists to go to Seoul and even to South Korea. In terms of goods, Chinese tourists in South Korea (or Seoul) buy mainly duty-free goods and local Korean goods (mainly cosmetics and food).
In January-August of this year, the number of people travelling to South Korea dropped significantly, by 47.4% to 3.0225 million. In a pre-cold situation in South Korea, we expect that a significant proportion of tourists going to South Korea, especially for shopping for duty-free, perfumed goods, will move to Sanya Sea, a tourist destination.
With the largest duty-free shopping mall in the world, with its sea-island properties, similar to South Korea’s tourism elements, it is expected to act as a substitute for South Korea’s tourism, which is a great benefit to the performance of Sanya’s tax-free shopping mall.
Since 2010, more than a dozen projects have been completed for the third expansion of the San Phoenix Airport, including the VIP terminal, the new fire centre, the official hangar, the central transformer station, and the light upgrade. The new west wing of Phoenix Airport is now operational. Currently, the third expansion of Phoenix Airport has been almost completed, and the airport will receive a total of incoming passengers.
By 20-25 million person-years, the reception capacity has increased considerably, thus opening up a room for increased tourist activity in Sanya. In addition, in order to ease the pressure on passengers at San Phoenix Airport, Hainan Province is building a new airport in Red Pond Bay. The airport has been fixed as hectare. The airport began construction in December 2016, including airports, seaports, international tourist trading areas, and airports.
As of February 2017, the Sanya new airport had completed the consolidation of all coastguards, forming an area of approximately 577 acres. Refilling of the new airport is expected to be completed in 2018 and the conditions for take-off will be met in 2020.
Figure 14: In addition to Sanya's efforts to build the airport to increase passenger intake, the expansion of the Melanes Airport is also being actively pursued. The Melanes Airport, which was launched in 1999, currently has 12,966 square metres of t1 domestic terminal and 12,000.
With the construction of the Hainan International Tourism Island, the number of domestic and international tourists entering the country through the Melanes Airport has been growing year by year. In 2016, the number of passengers at the Airport was 18.838 million, the capacity of many of the airport's installed passengers was close to saturation, and the pressure on the airport's operations was increasing.
The Hainan daily reports that the second phase of the expansion project at Meran Airport is planned to cover 8650 acres, including the construction of four flight areas, the terminal area, the work area and the gtc area. Of this, the flight area plans to build a 3,600-metre runway, two parallel taxiways and a liaison channel system; the terminal area plans to build a 296,000 square metres of t2 terminal;
The year is the year of construction, the year of installation and renovation of electromechanicals and the year of commissioning, acceptance, school flight and operation of the expansion. The construction of the second phase of the expansion project at Meran Airport was aimed at 35 million passengers in 2025 and 400,000 tons of mail and gas.
In the area of rail traffic, at the end of 2010, the High East Line of the Hainan Ribbon was completed, and at the end of 2015, the High West Line of the Hainan Ribbon and the All-Strength Line of the Ribbon mark the birth of the world ' s first ring of high iron.
Between 2016 and 2016, 9.36 million people increased at an average annual rate of 18.39%. The island's high iron covers 12 municipalities and 87% of the population of the province, forming a “three-hour traffic circle” that plays a significant role in bringing the city closer together. At the same time, the ring's high iron connects the Sean Melan Airport and the San Phoenix Airport to make land and air transport possible.
At the dawn of the Golden Week of spring 2017, the Hainan Ribbon High Iron has been actively fine-tuned in terms of replacement of mobile cars, adjustment of train traffic charts, and optimization of passenger services.
In terms of adjusting the train's chart, in January 2017, the ring's high irons increased the frequency of the high train, and the number of rowing logarithms increased from 43 to 46. In terms of optimizing passenger services, from spring 2017, the Hainan ring's 4g signal was fully covered, requiring passenger traffic.
In addition, the Sanya Sea Bay High Railway Station will be completed in 2017, at which time the accessibility of tourists to the company’s tax-free shopping mall will be significantly improved. 4.3 The International Top Leisure Project, which is expected to lead to an increase in the number of tourists in Sanya tax-free city, will open.
The Atlantis Tourist Complex, located in Sanya Bay, with a total investment of about $11 billion, covers resorts, restaurants, purchases, entertainment, performances, fairs and marine cultural experiences, and is committed to becoming a “one-stop” family on the theme of the ocean, a false destination, and a landmark project of 3.0 for Sanya tourism. The total hotel area of the project is 250,000 squared.
The number of hotel rooms is about 1,300; in addition, the water park is about 290 acres. The Atlantis brand is very well known. The two top seven-star hotels were located in the Bahamas and Dubai, and the Atlantis project, which is located in Santea, is the third Atlantis Hotel in the world.
Not only did the Landis Hotel replicate the other two existing aquariums at the Atlantis Hotel, water gardens, etc. (including the world’s largest open-air natural seawater aquarium, the country’s first slide and a water park combined with buildings), but it also had China’s first dolphin bay, 12 international restaurants with different themes and five underwater suites.
At the time the hotel was built, ReStar Group would combine other high-quality resources from its own tourism plate (including top entertainment, performances, catering brands in countries such as the Sun circus) and the Atlantis project to provide tourists with high-end, sophisticated and excellent travel and recreation experiences. The company indicated that the project would be officially operational in the first half of 2018, and that each would be expected thereafter.
Two million tourists will travel to Atlantis Water Park each year, and 20% of them will choose to stay at the Atlantis Hotel. Given the proximity between the Tri-Atlantis project and the company's Tri-A-R-A-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T
Figure 17: Hotel Atlantis complex in the Bahamas Figure 18: Hotel Atlantis complex in Dubai Figure 19: Impact map of the Triya Atlantis project
The tax exemption policy was implemented four times after its formal implementation in April 2011 and a pilot of innovative operations. The tax exemption policy was implemented the year that the tax-free stores in Sanya accumulated more than 2.8 million customers a year and realized sales revenue.
In November 2012, the first policy adjustment increased the amount of free shopping from $5,000 to $8,000, increased the number of duty-free commodities and shopping items, and achieved an annual operating income of $2,037 million, an increase of 102.66 per cent over the previous year. In January 2014, the policy was launched.
Lowering the new business pilot and piloting the innovative business "Acquisition, Retrieval, Retrieval" at Sanya. The business pilot facilitated duty-free shopping for travellers, raised their shopping experience and raised their rate of purchase. Spring 2014 six days before the Golden Week (31 January-5 February), the Sanya tax-free shop hosted 28526 customers, an increase of 11.03 per cent.
Sales amounted to 13.8 million yuan, an increase of 7.18 per cent over the same period. A second adjustment to the de-island policy in March 2015 resulted in a further increase in the number of tax-free items and shopping items. This adjustment was made to benefit the Sanya Sea Bay Free Mall, which opened in September 2014.
In the first half of 2015, the Sanya Sea Bay Free Shopping Centre received 2.81 million customers, with 580,000 purchases, an increase of 34 per cent and 23 per cent, respectively, and accumulated operating income of 2,510 million yuan.
The third adjustment to the policy was in February 2016, when it was decided to remove the limit on the number of purchases made by non-island residents, from the original “twice per person per year, $8,000 per person per year” to a cumulative tax-free shopping limit of $16,000 per person per year; and agreed to open online sales windows at the tax-free shopping mall of Sanya and the Melanes Airport.
The flexibility and accumulation feature is that the balance of an out-of-island visitor who buys less than $8,000 per item can be accumulated until the next time it is used, raising the ceiling on single purchases to $16,000, which will help to raise the price and operating income of the shopping malls. Moreover, the opening of the free shopping mall online distribution channels will make it easier for consumers to buy.
In the form of shopping in Commissariat, the airport takes delivery of goods, and passengers can submit and make payments online through pc end, ipad end, mobile phone app, and micro-credit malls, and then pick up goods at the airport with electronic shopping order numbers, identity cards, and boarding passes. The policy has been adjusted three times, and the tax-free sales in Sanya Markets reached 890 million in February 2016.
The fourth adjustment to the policy was made in January 2017, when it was decided to include passengers leaving Hainan Island by rail in the off-island tax-free shopping area. Specifically, passengers leaving the island by train could use personal tickets and valid identification documents.
The tax-free city of Sanya International buys duty-free goods and leaves the island after extracting the duty-free goods purchased at the train point at the sea port. The ex-island duty-free policy targets only passengers who leave the island by air.
Thus, since the introduction of the off-island tax-exempt policy, the government has made a number of adjustments to its policy, gradually easing duty-free off-island purchases, each of which has led to a rapid increase in duty-free sales off-island, with a significant boost to consumption. Against the backdrop of the country’s economic growth approach, which is more dependent on consumption, the government is not committed to promoting the return of overseas consumption.
On the one hand, there is a possibility of including more commercial goods in the category of duty-free items to the off-island rabbit tax. On the other hand, in the case of shopping limits, the current policy provides that tax-free items above $8,000 per unit are subject to a maximum of $8,000, which is to a certain extent a blow to consumer purchases.
After the State Department issued a number of opinions on the promotion of the development of the Hainan International Tourism Island, Hainan Province produced a series of documents on the promotion of tourism.
In 2018, Hainan will mark the thirtieth anniversary of the construction of the province, when a policy to support the development of tourism (and even duty-free off the island) is likely to be in place, thus further enhancing the role of tourism as a driver of growth in Hainan Province.
In September 2017, it was reported that the company's wholly-owned subsidiaries would “backload” the cross-border power vendor's business, which is operated by the Sanya Free Shopping City, using a self-employed model.
Direct mail to counter the negative impact of the new cross-border electricity vendor tax system introduced next year. On the price side, repurchases will cover the cost of taxes and postage to consumers, bringing the price of repurchase goods on the line to the tax-exempt market price.
This brings with it a strong competitive advantage the prospect of fast-tracking off-line duty-free shop consumer flows to back-buying platforms, and of attracting cross-border networks other than the former duty-free consumers to buy one. Currently, back-purchase platforms are still in the pre-test stage, and will be primarily selling perfumed products in the early stages of the roll-out.
Cross-border electricians can be classified as importers and exporters depending on the direction of trade, as b2b cross-border electricians, b2c cross-border electricians and c2c cross-border electric power suppliers according to the business model, as platform-type cross-border electricians and self-employed cross-border electricians according to the commodity type, as vertical cross-border electricers and as integrated cross-border electricity suppliers.
To explore the size of the imported retail self-employed cross-border electricity suppliers (i.e. imported b2c self-employed cross-border power suppliers), the population ' s consumption has increased, policies have supported the return of overseas consumption, the size of the imported cross-border electricity suppliers market is expected to continue to grow rapidly, and the size of our imported cross-border electricity suppliers (including b2c and c2c) has grown from 240 billion yuan to 120 billion yuan a year.
China’s e-commerce research centre estimates that, by 2017, the size of the country’s imported cross-border electricity suppliers’ market will be $184.3 billion, a substantial increase of 54.5 per cent. The heat level of imported cross-border consumers can also be judged by looking at their penetration rates in our network purchase market.
The penetration rate in the country ' s network buying market has gradually increased from 1.8% in 2012 to 3.1% in 2015, and is expected to shift gradually from c2c to b2c. According to data from the China Centre for Electronic Commerce Studies, in 2013 the country ' s imported cross-border electricity suppliers were overwhelmingly dominated by c2c, with the volume of transactions reaching 97.9%, followed by a fast b2c model.
China’s Centre for Electronic Commerce Studies projects that the share of b2c will reach 64.4% in 2017. The reasons for the growing prevalence of the b2c model include: (1) the uneven quality of goods under the c2c model (i.e., the personal sub-purchase model).
Consumers are required to screen high-faith sub-purchasers; (2) c2c model, where the cost of large-scale individual sub-purchases is higher than that of the b2c manufacturer and exits the market as price advantages are lost; and (3) where policy tends to be regulated, the sector sub-c2c is transformed into a b2c producer.
Market concentration is high, and the industry is oligopolistic. According to data from the China Centre for Electronic Commerce Studies, in 2016, the largest market share of Internet-based offshore purchases was 21.4 per cent in terms of turnover, followed by Skycat International (17.7 per cent), followed by Mercure International (16.1 per cent), followed by the Kyoto global purchase (15.2 per cent) and, fifthly, the United States-based high-speed duty-free shop (13.6 per cent).
Since they are self-employed, integrated import and retail cross-border power suppliers, there is a certain degree of comparability. At the same time, by contrast with the industry’s leading industry, the mecoola industry, we can see in the eye the advantages of back-purchases.
In terms of commodity types, ICOVER has successfully partnered with a large number of world-renowned branders to provide consumer goods, including perfume, dress, boxing, mother and child, digital electronics, home-based care, etc.
In Europe, America, Japan, Korea, Australia, and South-East Asia, there are more than 5,000 brands in more than 80 countries and regions. Back-buying is only for perfumed products in the early stages of operation, and there is therefore a clear disadvantage in commodity-based abundance.
Cross-border networks buy consumers. According to the 2016 China Cross-border Network Purchase Users Study, published by the Ere Consulting, 45.7% of cross-border network buyers indicated that they had purchased cosmetics on cross-border networks, ranking first among all commodity categories.
In the area of quality assurance of products, the mecoola sea purchase ensures the integrity of the goods through direct extraction from their origin, as well as the quality of the products by means of a full check of their own commodity entry, a national inspection of the insurance area, and a third-party international inspection company. Retropurchases will gain access to the goods through a deep partnership between the China-Counter Group and a number of well-known brands, i.e., a collection of them.
The tax-free industry, with its capital background as a commodity quality endorsement, makes it absolutely possible for consumers to buy back. In the case of marketing recipients, the Internet-friendly Internet and media genes are used in Internet-based purchases, and they have a strong marketing advantage in bringing Internet-friendly flows to the Internet-based ones, which was born in 2015.
First-time Internet-based e-Cola purchases take only two years to become an important reason for the industry’s largest cross-border power provider. And back-to-back, consumers are companies’ existing off-line, duty-free shop buyers who, by providing them with easy access to online shopping channels, can effectively increase their shopping frequency and consumption and channel their off-line traffic online.
As far as prices are concerned, repurchases mainly transfer taxes to consumers (for part of a product); and repurchases are tax-free for consumers, and commodity prices are expected to be higher than those of average cross-border power suppliers.
With regard to storage logistics, the mecoola sea purchase is mainly based on the insurance reserve model, which has the largest insurance holdings in the entire industry, covering the five major insurance warehouses in Hangzhou, Ningbo, Chengzhou, Chongqing, Shenzhen and Tianjin, which cover important consumer areas throughout the country.
To be the first cross-border electric power provider in the industry to provide services in the next day, back-purchases are mainly in Hong Kong warehouse (i.e. overseas collection) or in direct mail overseas, one can deal with the new tax on cross-border electricity suppliers that will be implemented in 2018, while the other will help to prevent stock losses or stock shortages under the insurance reserve model.
After the new tax policy of 24 March 2016 for the cross-border consumer insurance model (the Circular on the Retail Import Tax Policy for Cross-border Electronic Commerce) (the new tax policy does not target direct overseas mail), cross-border electric power vendors that use the insurance model increased the tax rate for most commodity categories, with consumption of cosmetics of less than $100,
The most significant increases were in the rates for skin and personal washing products, with relatively small increases in rates for mothers and children, food, health care and daily supplies for consumption of more than $500, while rates for cosmetics, skin protection, personal washing and consumption of less than $250 and less than $2,000, appliances, watches and bicycles for consumption of less than $100 and more.
The New Deal is expected to take place in 2018, when cross-border electricians will actively adjust their commodity categories, with a smaller increase in their tax rates and an increase in their share of products with lower tax rates. Specifically, higher unit prices for cosmetics, skin care, personal washing, watches, bicycles, clothing, electrical appliances, etc., account for the share of goods sold in cross-border electricity suppliers.
In addition, the New Deal has a white list system, while some of the types of goods currently sold by cross-border power suppliers are not on the white list, and the tariff model cross-border electricity suppliers face the possibility of a reduction in the class of goods. Combined with the above analysis, we believe that a return to purchase can be a good response to this tax change.
The tax on class products has declined. In addition to the Hong Kong warehouse system, companies use the overseas direct mail mode, which allows for non-white list restrictions and guarantees the abundance of repurchases of perfumed products: at the same time, under the overseas direct mail mode, some goods with a postage tax of less than $50 are still exempt from the postage tax.
Table 3: Types of goods with reduced tax burden under the insurance reserve model following a change in the cross-border electricity provider tax The price advantage of back-purchases is most pronounced when compared to industry leaders' network of easy-coala purchases, while back-purchases are backed up by middle-group endorsements on good-goods guarantees and are attractive to consumers. In fact, the quality of goods and prices are cross-border electricity.
Two issues are of most concern to commercial consumers. The 2016 China Cross-Border Network Purchase User Study, published by the Ere Consulting, shows that the most important answer to the question of why cross-border networks are chosen is that cross-border networks buy products of guaranteed quality, followed by cheap prices.
Figure 26: Reasons why users of cross-border network purchases chose cross-border network purchases in 2016
The interest rate should be close to the Māori rate in Sanya Free Shopping City, which is about 50%. Costs include, inter alia, logistics, warehouse management, marketing and so forth.
We think that we will be less profitable in the early stages of a back-to-back business. Nevertheless, we believe that, against the backdrop of the rise of the middle class, the continued upgrading of consumption, higher demand for brands, higher quality, a high Internet buy-out, the size of our cross-border electricity suppliers is expected to continue to grow rapidly, and the company's back-to-back business is just right.
In addition, the return to business is a useful attempt by companies to advance the o2o strategy, opening up a huge growth space for the largest tax-free enterprise in the country – the middle- and middle-class group – to expand sales online, which is quite positive for companies.
First, tax-free operations are expanding, and the Māori rate is rising. With the company’s winning Hong Kong and Capital Airport tax-exempt operations coming together, the company is expected to increase its future tax-exempt sales rapidly, adding to its projected 2018 mid-point tax-free rights at Haipudung Airport, and the company is expected to increase its tax-exempt sales from about $9 billion in the next two to three years.
The increase in the size of the business will increase the company’s bargaining power over upstream duty-free suppliers, thereby increasing the Māori rate. The increase in the Māori rate of the company is judged on the basis of a reference to the world’s tax-free giant, dufry, whose revenue grew from $1.5 billion to $3 billion in 2007-2012, and the Māori rate of the tax-free business from $1.5 billion to $3 billion.
Fifty-six% has risen to 73%, an increase of 17 percentage points. And the company’s current expansion and dufry’s 2007-2012 phase are similar, and it is expected that the Māori rate of the company’s tax-exempt business will increase significantly over the next two to three years.
Growth space: South Korea is on the decline, and the Hainan tourism market is expected to have an alternative effect: the synergies that will result from the impending opening of Atlantis: Management ' s active engagement with external excellence will improve business efficiency: the increase in the number of visitors to the travel agency has been restored, and the reasons why we expect the performance of the tax-free shopping mall to remain positive include policy-level factors.
We believe that there is a possibility for further liberalization of the Hainan off-island tax-exempt policy. In January 2017, the off-island tax-exempt policy was eased once again by the inclusion of tourists via rail off-island shopping.
The Transition Implementation Programme proposes to open additional duty-free shops in the appropriate areas of the province. In addition, a joint venture with the China Sea has been set up, which would have been more likely to operate if Hainan had opened an additional duty-free shop on the island. Therefore, we believe that the performance of Sanya Free Shopping City and even the company in Hainan is expected to continue to improve well.
Finally, “go back” is about to come online, and it is important to develop a cross-border power provider. Companies will go back on the line to “go back” the cross-border power provider platform, which will take a self-employed model, offering goods to consumers in the form of a logistics warehouse in Hong Kong warehouse or by direct mail.
“Return-to-buy” goods have a great advantage in the guarantee of good goods. Moreover, “return-to-buy” would provide consumers with tax and tax benefits, as well as considerable advantages in the industry.
We believe that back-to-back purchases are important for companies to access. The Māori rate is not as high as expected, the Sanya tax-free city’s performance is not as high as expected, and the macroeconomic recovery slows down or results in residents being exempted from the East Timor securities rating system:
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company's relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.