Net profits increased on a year-on-year basis on 25/01.2022, mainly due to the same increase in sales of products such as vitamin e and ecstasy.
Lines, scale-up, growth properties are gradually emerging, maintaining the "buy-in" rating. The price center of the ngve is steadily moving up, and the same-same increment is significant. The ratio is -20%, +24%, +2%, and the average prices of 2021q4 national products are 286, ve, and ecstasy, respectively.
89, 20/kg, equal to 3%, + 51%, and +19%. Basf upgrades the production line and reduces production to a greater degree. We see that after industrial integration, supply is tight, and the price hub is expected to grow steadily, and annual sales of amino acid are increasing significantly.
.vb6,vb12 Pilot production, and a new project with a team of strong men and women. The company Heilongjiang Biogenic Fermentation II produced 3,000 tons of vitamins b12 per year, and the new and life health estate phase of the project 5,000 tons of vitamin b6 per year have been completed and further enriched with the company ' s vitamin product group 2021.
On 26 December of that year, the company announced that it had signed a letter of intent with the China-Pulsification Division to invest in a company information update report - q3 performance growth suite of an amino acid production facility, exploring cooperation between the two parties in terms of resources and technology, for a total investment of about 3 billion yuan.
According to the public media, on January 22, the first new material project in cooperation with Bassov invested 300 million euros in the production of special engineering plastics, high-end coatings, etc., focusing on space and high iron.
Special industries, such as the Corporate Information Update Report, 2021h1, with a steady performance, are now in the contract negotiation phase, with construction planned to start during the year.
Corporate Information Update Report - New project delivery belts, high revenue growth and significant cash flow from operations