New Union (002001.sz) Tradingbuy Inter-District Operations
Performance meets expectations, with companies growing steadily at $4.31 billion, yoy + 21 per cent, in line with earlier forecasts. Of this amount, q4 received $4.26 billion in a single season, yoy + 50 per cent, qoq + 31 per cent, net return to the mother 940 million, yoy + 51 per cent, qoq-1.5 per cent.
As a globally renowned provider of vitamins, the company has sought to build a “chemical +” “biological +” platform around innovative developments in such business areas as nutrients, fragrances, high-molecular new materials, constantly enriching the product lines and developing functional chemicals.
The growth will be further increased, with a rating given to the “inter-zone operation.” The volume of products will increase rapidly, and performance will increase steadily: corporate performance will increase, mainly in vitamine, ponic acid/kg, vov - 20 per cent, +24 per cent, +2 per cent, respectively.
The average price of acid is 286, 89, 20, 000, yoy - 3%, + 51%, +19%, respectively. At the same time, the company released 100,000 tons of plant capacity in two periods of ecstasy, resulting in a significant increase in the company’s performance.
The project is expected to be launched in 23 years, which will further boost corporate performance. The new coronary oral meth intermediate nitrogen hybrid patent is published: on February 11th, the company's nitrogen hybrid patent, which allows helium coils to be used in the production of Pfizer's new coronary oral small-molecular drugs.
The company is now in the process of submitting a request for approval for the 500-tonne nitrogen dichotomy, which is a layout of the industry chain "isopenol-caronate anhydride-nitrogen dichotomy" . It is expected that the company will enter the new coronary oral medicine field and have greater potential for future development, after breaking through the technology of the nitrogen bicyclic industrialization production. The company insists on innovation based on its own "chemization"
Industry +, “Bio+” platform, constantly updating product types, growing rapidly, and in the future. New projects are being put into production to ensure sustained performance: in recent years, companies have been working to build “chemical +”, “biological +” platforms, and have continued to enrich product lines, including nutrients, spices, high-molecular new materials.
In terms of nutrition, the company ' s vitamins b6 and b12 projects were launched in the course of the year, and it is hoped that coverage of the entire vitamin monolithic group will now be achieved.
In addition to this, the company uses high-performance resin as a polymer process and downstream.
Using R & D as a basis for developing new materials, including the apps and the unicorn-Niron industrial chain, is not expected to be a new profit growth point for companies. The company is based on the vitamin industry, focusing on self-research, innovation, continuous extension to related industrial chains, multi-occupational synergies, and integrated industrial chains.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose.