ii xdf01TM platform supported by integrated electronic circuits, sound arithmetic/sustainability/car trio Long electrotech has high-intelligence crystal round envelopes, 2.5d/3d envelopes, system-level envelopes, high-performance inverted chip envelopes
Technologies such as loading and advanced fuses, whose products/services/technology cover mainstream integrated circuit system applications, including network communications/mobile terminals/high-performance computing/car-mounted electronics/big data storage/ artificial intelligence and object networking/industrial intelligence. Companies have six production bases and two major R & D centres in China, Korea and Singapore, in more than 20 countries.
XdfoiTM's full range of products, focusing on key applications. Long-electric technology has industry-led advanced semiconductor encapsulation technologies (e.g., sip, car and industry) in key areas such as communication 5g, high-performance computing, consumer, and automobile and industry.
Wl-csp, fc, ewlb, pip, pop and xdfoiTM series, etc.) and mixed signal/radio frequency integrated circuit testing and resource advantages, and achieving volume of output, can provide markets and customers with tailor-made technology solutions.
Applications in the fields of performance computing, artificial intelligence, 5g, motor electronics, etc., provide clients with a lighter, faster transmission rate and less power-depleted chip-making solution to meet growing market demand for end-uses. 2dchiplet contains chip-first, chip-last, mainly for automobiles and mobile, communications settings.
2.5 dchiplet contains chip-last, mainly for computing and automobiles, and 3 dchiplet, mainly for medical and sensor applications. xdfoi high-end applications apply mainly to products such as Xpu/fpga, ai and web communications chip with high integration and arithmetic.
Large models enter cell phone/pc/car upgrade side-based computing, increasing the need for wraps and other things. Based on technology such as high-density isomers, system-level sip wrappings and the advantages of domestic and foreign factories, long-range electrotechnology increases with artificial intelligence, high-performance computing (hpc) clients to develop and import advanced encapsulation solutions at high levels.
The company’s domestic plant covers most of the generic encapsulation testing types and some of the high-end containment types in the encapsulation industry; it has sufficient capacity to produce and deliver.
Wang Haivei has a short term and a good quality (with a good rate of 99.9% and a good rate of 99.9% or more), so that you can meet the client from the middle-way seal to inject a strong heart needle into the one's cell phone. As the head manufacturer actively introduces the one's big model into the cell phone, it will bring everything to the cell phone.
The upgrading of the location experience is expected to be a key opportunity for the producers to accelerate product rotation and help activate new consumer e-markets. Long power technology: q3 performance loops increase significantly, advanced seals can accelerate smartphone change cycles and industry recovery.)pc:meteorlake constructs the numeracy base.
The Sigmaintell predicts that in 2024, aicpu securities plus electronics plus long power technology plus companies will report fast.
The driver speeds up the layout of the bev+transformer, and the support autopilot moves to arrondissement. In the smart cabin, the big model raises the interactive experience of human machines and their artificial features.
Various storage chip products, such as flash, with more than 20 years of memory encapsulation experience, 16 layers of nadflash stacking, 35m ultra thin chip production capacity, hybrid heterogenetic stacking, etc., are in the lead in the domestic industry. 1) Dram: Third season contract price falls, prompting the buyer to reboot the power of the goods.
State consulting data for the third quarter of 2023 combined dram industry collected $13.480 billion, with a growth rate of about 18.0%. On the supply side of the fourth quarter, the original plant price increase was clear, with over 20% estimated for the fourth quarter dram contract.
Three stars (samsung) are active in reducing production decisions. Looking forward to the fourth quarter, there will be a sharp increase in the volume of the Nandflash product, an estimated 13% increase in the average unit price of the entire product, and an estimated 20% increase in the overall Nandflash industry. 3) hbm:ai-led hbm demand will continue to grow, and its size is expected to rise sharply in 2025.
10 billion dollars. Driven by artificial intelligence, the demand for hbm memory chips is expected to increase. Trentforce calculates that the market size is expected to be $3.16 billion in 2023, and the market size is expected to break out by 2025.
The project is expected to be completed in early 2025, and will be based on new energy sources in the new area of the port of Totem, the dual advantages of the automobile industry and the car-borne chip crystal manufacturing industry, and will be upgraded to the integrated circuit chip manufacturing industry.
Taking advantage of the market opportunities offered by car intelligence and electricization, the company, with its own global leading semiconductor sealing technology, provides global customers with semiconductor sealing products and services with high reliability standards, such as electric cars and autopilots. In this area, all six production bases, both in and out of the world, have passed.
iatf16949 is certified, and there are car regulation product development and volume layouts, with product types covering multiple applications such as smart cabins, adas, sensors and power devices. 2023 years of long-range electrical technology, based on the company ' s technical advantages, such as fccsp and ewlb, provides 4dmm wave radar up-to-date mass production solutions to global customers
In the first half of 2023, the global semiconductor market was depressed, the demand for the end market was weak and the demand for the downstream was lower than expected, putting pressure on the sealing operations. We adjusted the company ' s original performance projections, 2023.
XdfoiTM full series of products in which the Chipplet high density multi-dimensional isomer integration series has entered the steady quantitative production stage as planned, adding to the growing demand for advanced packaging in markets such as future arithmetic/sustainability/cars, maintaining the risk of acquisition of technology, new processes, new products that cannot be industrialized as scheduled; and the risk of changes in the supply of major raw materials and prices of sinks;
Long-range electrical technology: the world's leading integrated circuit sealer Long-range electrical technology is the world's leading integrated circuit manufacturing and technology service provider, providing a full range of chip products to make one-stop services, including integrated circuit systems integration, design simulations, technology development, product certification, crystal circle measurements, intermediate crystal circle sealing
Tests, system-level encapsulation tests, chip product tests, and direct transport services to semiconductor customers around the world. The company has high-integral crystal round seals, 2.5d/3d envelopes, system-level envelopes, high-performance inverted chip encapsulations, and advanced lead-line combinations. Its products, services and technologies cover mainstream integrated circuit system applications, including network communications, mobile terminals, high-performance computing, vehicle-loading, etc.
Electronics, big data storage, artificial intelligence and object networking, industrial intelligence, etc. Long-power technology has six major production bases and two major R&D centres in China, Korea, and Singapore, and operational agencies in more than 20 countries and territories that can provide close technical cooperation and efficient industrial chain support to global clients.
1.1 Developmental journeys: Ahead of the wheels, always. The company's main development course is as follows: (1) 1972-2002: the first phase and the establishment in 1972 of the Jiang Cyclops-Technology Plant (Long Energetic Precursor): 1989, Automated Production Line for Integrated Circuits: 2000, changed to Jiangsu-Cheng Electric Technology.
S.A. (2) 2003-2019: accumulation period, 2003: long power technology was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange; the same year, the Long Power Advanced Corporation was established; the Long Power Technology (Residence) Corporation was established in 2011; the Long Power Technology (Long State) Corporation was established in 2012; and the Long Power Technology (Long State) acquired Starry Kimbon in 2015. (3) 2020-2022: maturity, 2020, long power technology
Management Limited was established; the Design Services Centre and the Automobile Electronics Centre were established in 2021; and the Integrated High-end Manufacturing of Long-Electrified Microsystems was launched in 2022. (4) 2023 - Future: dedicated to becoming the world's leading integrated circuit manufacturing and technology service provider, providing advanced and reliable integrated circuit device manufacturing technology and services for intelligent life.
1.2 Equity structure: Farming industry by large shareholders, M & A accelerated R & D upgrading/exploitation of overseas markets The first and second largest shareholders are the National Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund, Inc., and the Cube Semiconductor (Shanghai), Ltd., with direct shares of 13.26% and 12.81% of the company, respectively. The State Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund integrates key investments into circuit cores.
The manufacturing industry, taking into account industries such as chip design, encapsulation testing, equipment and materials, operates market-based and specialized management, while maintaining an integrated approach to national strategies and market mechanisms to guide fund investment, mainly using a variety of forms of investment in enterprises in the integrated circuit industry, giving full effect to the country’s role in guiding and supporting the development of the integrated circuit industry.
Heat Holdings Ltd., one of the world’s leading integrated circuit crystal circle industries, and one of China’s most advanced, large-scale, well-equipped, multi-nationally operated, specialized crystal circle industries, mainly providing their clients with 0.35 micrometres to 14 nanometers of technology nodes, integrated circuit crystal round workers from different process platforms, and ancillary services.
The long-term development of companies is facilitated by technology, industry, etc. Multi-enabling long-term power technologies. Figure 2: Long-power equity structures and major affiliates (as of 30 June 2023)
Pow, main semiconductor encapsulation design, bulge, needles, encapsulation, testing and cabling solutions provider: jcetstatschippac korealimited (LKK) full-owned S.I.C. in Korea for its fully-owned subsidiary, master high-end wrap test product, mainly for high-sip product encapsulation test: long power is advanced as a fully-owned subsidiary of the company, with the parent holding a share
99.094% of all-owned companies with a share of 0.906% in China-South joint ventures, semiconductor chip cones and encapsulation test products.
Table 1: Major stock-taking companies in long electricity and technology achieves R & D strength through M & A & D & Expanding the Foreign Markets Win-win. In 2015, long electricity and technology acquired Starcombing, and the transaction resulted in effective promotion of corporate internationalization, and resource synergies will promote long electricity and technology upgrading to the global industry.
Countries and territories such as Poi, the United States, Korea, Malaysia and Taiwan of China have established branches with more than 20 years of industry experience, are the fourth largest operators in the global semiconductor sealing industry (osat) in terms of sales, are in a leading position in the field of advanced containment technology, and management teams have a wealth of business and management experience.
For example, the back-up technology can be used for low-to-high-to-foot cover, especially for devices requiring more than 1.000 connections in relatively small nudity films. With the technological innovation of the ewlb, the Starcomb Kimpun has successfully reduced the level of pop height and the overall stacking height, thus creating an overall low-to-pop envelope.
As of October 31, 2016, there were 2,350 patents, of which the United States Patent and Trademark Office (pto) granted or approved 1.640, or 69.79%, and registered or approved 710 patents in Singapore, South Korea and other countries.
At 30.21% of the total. Stargrim is a global leader in advanced containment technologies such as ewlb and cip. Long-power technology uses the influence and advantage of Chinese markets to help Hsing Kimbon expand the Chinese market. At the same time, it integrates high-quality customer resources and helps long-power technology to expand the international market at the upper and middle ends, bringing them to synergies between complementarities and resource sharing.
1.3 Scientific and research capacity: Management industry has a rich background for the development of continuous capacity in companies High-level farming industry, more than a dozen fields of deep-farming industry, and professional background endorsements have been instrumental in promoting rapid corporate growth and value enhancement. Long-power technology executives have worked in the integrated circuit industry for several years and have been experienced in doing so.
Senior professionals in the road industry, with nearly 30 years of experience in the integrated circuit industry in the United States, Japan, Europe and China, have served as Senior Vice-President of Enchipo and President of the Great China District, and in senior management positions such as that of the Chief Executive Officer of the E.R.R.
In many sectors, such as the sale, manufacturing and operation of semiconductor sealing industries in China, the director, Mr. Peng Jin, was the recipient of the State Council's special subsidy and, in 2015, was awarded by the Chinese Department of Social Affairs, the National Ten Million Talent Project “with a sudden contribution of young Chinese experts”.
Table 2: Introduction to Long Electric Technology Management (part of) 1.4 Product Matrix: Five Technologies Derived Multi-Solutions, A wide range of applications
(1) Crystal circle containment technology: Consumers need powerful multifunctional electronics that not only provide unprecedented performance and speed, but also small size and low cost. This poses complex technical and manufacturing challenges for semiconductor manufacturers, who seek new ways to provide better performance and functionality in small, low-cost devices.
Industry is in the lead in providing a full-scale crystal round technology solution platform, offering solutions such as fan-in crystal round envelopes (fiwlp), fan-out crystal round envelopes (fowlp), integrated sourceless devices (ipd), silicon perforation (tsv), package chip envelopes (ecp), radio frequency recognition (rfid).
Figure 3: System-level sip (sip) technology solutions for long electrotech crystal circle encapsulation: consumers want electronics to be smaller, faster, more capable and more capable, and to integrate more functions into a single device. Semiconductor envelopes have significant implications for addressing these challenges.
High-system energy, increased functionality, reduced power consumption, and reduced shape size require an advanced containment method known as system integration. System integration combines multiple integrated circuits (ic) and widgets into a single system or modular subsystem to achieve higher performance, functionality and processing speed, while significantly reducing space requirements within electronic devices.
This is reflected in three advanced technologies: dual-face plastics technology, emi electromagnetic shielding technology, laser assistive key combination (lab) technology.
Emi shielded. 3. Long-electric technology uses laser-aided combinations to overcome traditional reflux key convergence problems, such as cte mismatches, high curvatures, high-heat mechanical stress, etc. (3) Inverted encapsulation technology: in reverse chip wrapping, silicon chips use welded bumps instead of welding wires directly to the base.
Provides intensive interconnectivity, with high electrical and thermal performance. Inverted chip interconnection achieves ultimate miniaturization, reduces encapsulation, and achieves new patterns of chip power distribution and ground distribution that other traditional containment methods cannot achieve.
3d covers, with a variety of low-cost innovative options. (4) Welding techniques: welding wires are connected to chip formation, building blocks, building blocks, and encapsulation. Welding is generally considered to be more cost-effective and flexible technologies, and is currently used to assemble most of the semiconductor envelopes.
As a low-cost alternative to gold wires, copper wires are becoming the preferred interconnecting material in the welding envelope. Copper wires have similar electrical properties and performances to gold wires, and lower resistance would be a major advantage if lower welding resistance was needed to improve the performance of the device.
A copper welding solution that optimizes the cost structure by saving material costs. Figure 6: Long-electrical and welding technology solutions (5) mems and sensor technology: as consumers need smart equipment capable of achieving sensorization, communication, and control of applications
Growing, mems and sensors are becoming an unusual and critical way of encapsulation because of their smaller dimensions, thinner shapes and functional integration. Mems and sensors can be widely used in a wide range of systems in the communications, consumer, medical, industrial, and automobile markets.
Like design, simulation, material inventory validation, assembly, quality assurance, and internal testing solutions. Long-power technology can provide smaller, more robust and less expensive solutions for customers’ end-products.
1.5 Business Profile: Three quarter collection/performance ring increases significantly, and three quarter collection/performance ratio increases significantly in the first three quarters of auto electronics. Companies achieved revenue of $8.26 billion in the third quarter, 30.8% increase in the third quarter of the second quarter, and $20.43 billion in the first three quarters of which accumulated electronic vehicle revenue increased in the first three quarters.
88%. Three-quarter net profits are RMB 480 million, three-quarter net profits are 24% higher than in the second quarter, and the first three-quarter net profits are RMB 970 million. q1-q3 in 2023, influenced by weak end markets and falling customer orders due to the down-cycle of the global semiconductor market, corporate incomes and net profits are under downward pressure; however, companies are actively facing market challenges and exploring market potential.
Sustained capacity in the areas of efficiency gains, profit-making, and the transformation of advanced technology has contributed to the optimization and transformation of product structure business structures towards high-value-added applications such as high-performance computing, car, electronics, industrial intelligence, and a gradual recovery in productivity utilization. Corporate revenue in the first three quarters of the first three quarters of automobiles has seen a year-on-year increase, with market demand fluctuations being the main reason for the decline in the Māori/net rate.
The semiconductor industry is in the throes of bottom recovery, and long-range technology insists on focusing on emerging applications, such as high-calculation storage, mechanisms for the development of high-performance, advanced encapsulation processes and products, advancing new strategic production and upgrading the market position of the global integrated circuit industry. 2023q1-q3, companies, telecommunications, computing, consumer electronics, automobile electronics and industry.
88%. Market demand volatility is the main cause of the decline in the Māori rate of net interest rates, with 2023q1-q3 long power rates of Māori and net interest rates of pte.ltd.: Māori rates and net profits fell in relation to the same ratio due to a decrease in orders and a decrease in capacity utilization due to market demand fluctuations: 2) Long Korea: lower orders for system-level wrapping products, correspondingly lower corporate operating income and company-to-business performance compared to 2022h1
Reduction in the level of income tax benefits used: 3) River Cereal Power Advanced Seal Limited: reduced capacity utilization due to weak consumer electronics market demand, lower orders, high price competition, lower revenue and profits compared to the previous year: 4) Long electricity and accommodation and long electric boom states: affected by market demand fluctuations, orders were adjusted, and revenue and profits decreased compared to the previous year.
Corporate customers/suppliers are balanced and there is no reliance on single customers/suppliers. In 2017-2021, the top five suppliers of long technologies did not have sales to individual customers exceeding 50% of the total, new customers from the top five or heavily dependent on a small number of customers.
Annual total procurement is 46.90 per cent, of which the top five suppliers are worth $0.00 million for related parties, there is no inward single vendor with a procurement share of more than 50 per cent of the total, new suppliers from the top five suppliers or heavily dependent on a small number of suppliers.
Over 70 per cent of the revenue, while in 2017-2022, the company ' s share of total revenue abroad increased from year to year in mainland China, contributing to the company ' s main revenue base.
Net ground interest rates declined mainly as a result of the 2023h1 stellar goldbon, long power Korea, long power state, long power state and long electricity and accommodation rate, as shown in figure 14: Regional share of 2013 - 2022 long electric technology (%): Bases of 2016 - 2023h1 electric technology (millions of yuan)
According to the 2022 Long Electric Technology report, companies have 2,808 researchers, or 13.95% of the total number of employees. Among researchers and researchers, there are 12 Ph.D. students, 210 graduate students, 1,646 undergraduates, and 66.52% of the total number of university graduates and above.
In the first half of 2023, LUTs were granted 53 patents, including 49 patents (24 patents on offshore inventions); 279 new patents. As of 30 June 2023, companies had 3,041 patents, of which 2,462 patents (1,471 patents in the United States).
Figure 18: Educational structure of research and development personnel (persons) in 2022 long electrotechnics Figure 19: Number of patents on 2018-2023h1 long electrotechs (pieces)
The company has two major R&D centres in China and Korea, with research and development platforms such as the National Engineering Laboratory for High-density Integrated Circuit Seal, the Post-Doctoral Research Workstation, and the National Enterprise Technology Centre: and has a strong engineering R&D and experienced R&D team. In order to respond actively and effectively to market changes, it will continue to increase R&D investment, enhance market openings, and enhance mitigation efficiency.
High-product price competitiveness, continued to push for product structural optimization by adjusting the order structure and output layout, accelerating motor electronics, 5g communications, high-performance computing, storage, high-value-added markets, such as power modules, and a sustained focus on high-value-added applications of high-performance containment technologies to respond positively to market competition.
Annual financial costs decreased by 38.68 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of reduced borrowings and lower borrowing rates.2 xdfoiTM: roll-out of a whole series of xdfoiTM products, focusing on key applications. Crystal-circle high-level containment technology provides solutions for the integration of heterogeneous systems.
More advanced process nodes, higher end applications, more difficult development of integrated circuit chips, more cost effects, fewer Fab manufacturers at high end process nodes. Semiconductor containment technology has become a solution that goes beyond Moore, continues to be driven by markets and applications, and continues to evolve towards high performance, high density, low cost.
Pitchrdl, for example, provides a solution for the integration of heterosystems. Crystal circle chip size wrapping (wlcsp), rewinding (file year), 2.5d covers with a combined market growth rate of 17.1%, reloading with a combined growth rate of 9.6%, and wlcsp with a combined growth rate of 9.4%.
The company has launched a full series of xdfoiTM products, and the XdfoiTMchiplet high-density multi-dimensional integration series is now scheduled to move into a stable volume production phase, synchronizing the international customer ' s 4nm node multichip system for packaged products, with a maximum envelope of about 1,500 mm2 system-level envelopes.
The density isomer integration solution, which integrates chip-based integration and testing using a coordinated design concept, covering 2d, 2.5d, and 3d integration techniques. For example, in 2.5d integration technology, xdfoi has the following advantages: first, in the process, there is no high-temperature solidification process (<250°C), which facilitates the integration of high-temperature sensitive bandwidth hbm; second, better
Trigger control, dieshift control, higher wiring density; third, knowgooddie can increase the quality of the product; fourth, 2.5dchiple wrappings based on Tsv-less can be achieved with cost advantages; fifth, structures can be embedded in embeddeddie for expansion. Technically, 2.5dxdfoi has microbunks, very high density cloth lines, cores.
Numerical techniques such as inverted, crystallineized plastic envelopes, untying, etc., with a line width of up to 1.5 micrometres and a fabric layer of more than 5 layers. Figure 22: 2.5dxdfoi process highdensityrdlbuildup
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It focuses on key applications, targeting the global market, and provides high-end customized encapsulation test solutions and ancillary capacity.
Technology focus key applications, with industry-led semiconductor advanced containment technologies (e.g., sip, wl-csp, fc, wlb, pip, pop and xdfoiTM series) in key areas such as 5g communications, high performance computing, consumption, automobiles and industry, in addition to mixed signal/radio frequency integrated circuit testing and resource advantages, and to achieve mass production that can provide the market and customers with tailoring
Technology solutions. After continuous research and development and customer product validation, long electrotechxdfoiTM is constantly breaking and has been applied in the fields of high-performance computing, artificial intelligence, 5g, auto electron, etc., providing customers with a lighter external, faster data transfer rate, less power-depleted chip manufacturing solution to meet the growing demand for the end market. 2dchiplet contains
Chip-first, Chip-last, mainly applied to cars and mobile, communications equipment; 2.5 dchiplet, mainly applied to computing and automobiles; and 3 dchiplet, mainly applied to medical and sensor applications. xdfoi high-end applications apply mainly to products such as Xpu/fpga, ai and web communications chip with high degree of integration and arithmetic.
1) 5g telecommunication application market area: The market is on the rise due to the full replacement of the digital high performance signal processing cores required for the 5g telecommunication network base station and data centre. The company has accumulated more than a decade of experience in large fcbga containment testing techniques, widely recognized by its clients, with full-size fcbga product engineering and volume capacity ranging from 12 x 12 mm to 77.5 mm.
At the same time as the volume of encapsulation is increasing, and on the basis of the patent layout of the previous system platform, the company and its clients have developed 2.5dfcbga products based on high-secret fanout containment technology, while certifying fcbga that matches 3dsoc via tsv hex. 2) 5g mobile terminal area: a high-density isogram integration solution for the company ' s deep layout, completed in conjunction with multiple international and domestic customers
Several 5g radio frequency modules have been developed and produced, with product performance and leadership ahead of international competitors, with client and market heights endorsed, and have been applied to multiple high-end 5g mobile terminals, increasing their density to 1.5 times that of the previous generation of products through such measures as process optimization, ancillary treatments and equipment upgrades; and on the main components of mobile terminals, the required type of encapsulation has been largely achieved
Full coverage. Mobile terminals have entered the mass production phase with millimeter wave antenna aip products; in addition, the company owns the cis process line that can be applied to high-performance, high-pixel video sets, which also provides the basis for the company to compete further for a larger share of the fast-growing camera model market. 3) Automobile electronics: the company has a dedicated automobile electronics centre to further deepen the rules for auto electronics.
The company joined the international aec motor electronics committee, the first firm to enter China. During the reporting period, the company established a joint venture with Shanghai Hong Kong, where the free-trade pilot area in Shanghai is located.
Establishment of a storage base for the manufacture of car chips, which will continue to boost the layout of the electronics sector. In addition, the company's six major production bases, both in and out of the country, are all certified through iatf16949 (a quality management system certification for the automobile industry). 4) Semiconductor storage market area: company floor nandflash stacking, 35um ultra thin chip production capacity, hybrid heterogeneous stacks, etc., are among the leading players in the domestic industry.
Status. 5)ai AI/iot Networking Area: Building on technology such as high-density isomer-level sip (sip) and the advantages of off-shore plants, long-range electrical technology has increased the use of advanced encapsulation solutions with clients in the areas of artificial intelligence, high-performance computing (hpc) Program development and product import, accelerating cities in the fields of high-calculation systems, power supply management, high-performance storage, smart terminal modules.
The company’s domestic plant covers most of the generic envelope testing types and some of the high-end wrapping types in the encapsulation industry; full capacity, short turnover, good quality (with a good rate of 99.9% or more), and the Jiangyang factory area meets the one-stop service of customers from middle-way sealing to system integration and testing.
Table 5: Competition patterns of domestic encapsulation firms 3 -- Arithmetic: Large Models Entering Mobile Phone/pc/Car Uplift Side Calculators, Increased Sip, etc.
3.1 Technology: Advanced encapsulation techniques such as sip are an important foundation for the realization of the Chiplet model, and as artificial intelligence and high-performance computing have emerged, there is increasing interest in the chipplet and isomer integration solutions. Modular design methods based on the chiplet (chiplet) will result in the integration of the isomers and are considered viable for enhancing functionality and reducing costs.
The chiplet model meets today's demand for efficient computing processors, while advanced containment technologies such as sip are an important foundation for the development of the chiplet model, which is expected to drive the rapid development of the advanced capping market. This has facilitated the adoption of more complex, advanced sip solutions, especially the uhdfo and 2.5d/3d envelopes, which fill up the complex sip solution.
A higher density, lower bandwidth, and higher performance requirements. System-level envelopes allow multiple crystals with different functions (dies, e.g. operators, sensors, storage), different functions of electronic components (e.g. resists, capacitors, electric senses, filters, antennas) even if they are integrated into the same coatings, optical devices, system-level wrapping products with a high degree of flexibility, research and development costs and weeks.
The period is much less than the same complex single chip system (soc). According to the unbundling of the Chipworks, the sip covers the essence of the whole system, and on a 26.15 mm x 28.50 mm panel, it is assembled into up to 14 or so core core chip products, as well as hundreds of components, such as the resisting capacitor, all of which have their own separate envelopes and are arranged in close order.
On the main board, and with the exception of the inertial combination sensors, all of the elements are sealed together, with the entire envelope being only 1.16 mm thick. 26.15 mmx28.50 mm x 1.16 mm sizes equal to the size of the traditional chip, forming a system that is more complex than the iPhone6 main board that was sold together the year before.
At the same time, the end product needs to be low-power, light, light, and small. Figure 25: S1 chip sip covers the interior schematics.
Accomplishment: Sip's containment technology adds multiple chips to the same envelope, significantly reduces the volume and improves the efficiency of the encapsulation. (2) Product listing is short: sip's packaging does not require layout layout, thus reducing the complexity of design, validation and debugging and shortening the time of system realization. (3) Compatibility: sip achieves the dream group of embedded integrated non-source elements.
At least 30-50% of the passive elements in combined, radio and portable electronic wholes can be embedded and the chip combinations of si, gaas, inp can also be integrated. (4) Reduction of system costs: sip can provide low-power and low-noise system-level connections, working at higher frequencies can obtain a wider bandwidth and almost equivalent bus bandwidth to soc, a dedicated integrated circuit system, and use
(v) Small physical size: Sip envelopes are less thick, the most advanced technology is capable of achieving a five-storey stacked chip with only 1.0 mm thick superb envelope and a 35% reduction in the weight of a three-storey chip envelope. (6) High electrical performance: Sip wrapping technology can be multiple envelopes of two to one, which can significantly reduce the overall welding point and shorten the chain of components.
(vii) Low power consumption: Sip covers provide low power and low noise level system connections, and can work at higher frequencies with almost the same confluence width as soc. (8) Good stability: sip covers with good resistance, equipment and chemical corrosion, and high reliability. (9) Wide application: sip sealing technology is widely applied to consumer electronics, communications, biomass.
In the field of physical medicine and computers, applications in industrial automation, space and auto electrons are also increasingly widely available. The devices and modules of the device encapsulation technology that applies the sip containment technology include processors, including processors, controllers, sensors, etc.
Figure 27: Sip encapsulation of main application areas
The cylindrical material m2max chips contain more than 60 chips and the internal silicon total area exceeds 2,000 square mm. In m2max chips, the core is a 38 nuclear gpu at the bottom of cpu. The left and right side of gpu is the lpddr5 interface, the bottom of gpu.
The interface is a dedicated interface for apples to connect m2max, which will be m2ultra if the m2max is inverted and connected to the silicon intermediate layer at the interface. Since 2010, many integration techniques have been used for smartphones and personal computers, such as sip combining the modem with the hub controller, the processor and the memory in one envelope, and pop (packageonpackage, folding)
Shape containment technology, mcp (multichippackage, multichip encapsulation) and chiplets. Apples use techniques such as info (assemble fan out), which form processors by combining functional and characteristic chips in one envelope. It has a silicon capacitor structure called storage around processors. The same structure is used not only for m2max, but also for m2max.
A feature chip with an internal chip totalling more than 2,000 square mm. 3.2 Mobile phone: a tool that needs to be pre-empted to do well, and a along 8gen3 injects a mathsf{a} an industrial smart phone mathsf{i} a chip mathsf{a} \mathsf{i} function. Broadly speaking, it means a mobile tip chip, an entry that meets \mathsf{a} \mathsf{i} computing requirements.
A smart phone with a deep learning ai function is loaded. A terminal chip to satisfy ai's arithmetic needs means: (1) a self-contained God-to-God computing unit within a chip: (2) a chip depth learning capability through cpu, gpu, dsp, and other generic computing units. A mobile phone algorithm can be run by a terminal or cloud, with the terminal running being the mainstream. A terminal is currently in two types of program.
The algorithms run on soc and on local widgets, respectively. The algorithms in soc can achieve multiple ai applications by calling and using hardware units, and they can be completed by joining the stand-alone processing units, which are the most mature and the most applied solutions: the ai procession on local widgets, which is already product-based, such as smart image processing.
In some cases, algorithms are mainly based on the use of the processing module matrix, the intelligent acceleration of photo processing on camera, the achievement of monoconsumption, etc. Google explores and uses the program on its own mobile products. Self-learning, self-serving, and re-engineering the end product logic.
Excellent performance on indicators such as processing efficiency, with self-learning to understand the logic of the human world, supported by arithmeticals and arithmetic, has made it easier and more user-friendly. With use, artificial smart hands have been given the opportunity to learn user habits, optimize cellular functions, such as human face unlocking to learn the user's physical appearance, reduce the rate of rejection, and intelligent assistants can follow the user's habits.
Handle conventional tasks. The artificial smart phone integrates previous services that respond to the debris needs into the cellular function, giving the user the results proactively and straight-forward, and is much more advanced than the complex manual operation, for example, the “large piece” that used to need to be lightened, focused, fixed, and so on, to be operated manually. The integration of these functions and services is becoming self-optimistic and beautiful.
Product logic, making artificial smartphones interactive, more human and more flexible. Figure 31: Logical chart of the product of the i-phone, 8gen3 chip of the i-phone, opening a new era. In support of the i-application, the i-cell chip will be completely upgraded and rolled out with high access.
Dragon 8gen3 chip, with a 98% increase in the ai performance, a world-wide support for the first time in the high-trainai engine to run a 10 billion parameter model, and 20 tokens per second for the 7 billion parameters llm. This means that all kinds of gen3 use a 4nm process of power build, compared to the previous generation, which is still eight core structures, but uses a 1+5+2cpu structure, which uses a 1+5+2cpu structure.
With a super large cortex-x4 core with a main frequency of 3.2 ghz, 5 cortex-a720 cores, 2 cortex-a520 subnucles, and a main frequency of 2.0 ghz. For gpu, a completely new adreno750gpu. Integrated with a new x75 band, 20% energy efficiency ratio.
The score is about 6236, 26% and 35% higher than the 8gen2, single and multinuclear, respectively. The performance has increased by 51% and 71%, respectively, compared to the 8gen1, respectively. As a result of a marked increase in the number of large cores, the chip is very negative. Pro, performance, power and energy efficiency are excellent. According to the bubble technology planet, as of 25 November 2023, it was mounted.
On August 29, 2023, Apple released iphone15pro, carrying self-research a17pro chips, the industry's first 3nm chip, the number of transistors.
On October 4, 2023, Google launched the pixel 8 series, the first to launch the rice 14 series, the first to launch the high-tone Xilong 8gen3 chip and the whole new zos, the uniability: on November 13, Vivo released the X100 series of mobile phones, deploying large parameterai arithmetic and clouds at the end.
A service that enables users to have such rich experiences as supersynthetic search, question-and-answer, writing, creative and intellectual interaction: Samsung, Oppo, Voice, Glory, and others, to actively deploy a technology that explores the introduction of large models into mobile phones. As head-man manufacturers actively introduce large models of ai into mobile phones, it is hoped that this will lead to a full-scale upgrading of mobile phones.
For manufacturers to accelerate key opportunities for product rotation, help activate new power in consumer e-markets, speed up smartphone switching cycles and industry recovery 3.3pc:meteorlake to build arithmetic base, with a projected delivery volume of more than 10 million typical aipc properties in 2024. (1) For systems os, Microsoft has empowered large model capabilities to produce its own products. For example, individuals compute news.
Bing, xbox, etc., as well as the series of office and industry software such as the application office 365, copilotdynamics 365 copilot, etc., will be embedded in the ai module. (2) cpu core components, with Intel introducing Vpu architecture, the 14 platform meteor lake is about to be released to provide hardware support for intelligent use and performance balance. (3) aigc (generation ai)
In March 2023, the multimodular large language model gpt-4 was released, and the ability shown in "understanding + creating" was a milestone in the history of the ai algorithm. The above-mentioned key industry layout will accelerate the process of ai’s key technologies at the pc end, including artificial intelligence algorithms, in-depth learning, and natural language management. The application of these technologies allows hybrid aipcs to automatically recognize user needs.
Figure 33: Aipc evolutionary path meteorlake=separated modular design +foroveros3d wrapping technology connection.
Separate modular design consisting of four separate modules of the computing module, the soc module, the graphic module and the Io module, with extremely low-power and high-density chip connections through the cover of the fooveros3d. 1) Calculated module: first-time introduction of the intel4 process, twice the size of the intel7, resulting in a high performance logic bank, and meteorlake
Processors become the most energy-efficient client processor in Intel history: with rapid response capability. For light-weight, low-prejudgment procrastination procrastination ai task. 2) Soc module: integrated new low-power computing island e-core, artificial intelligence acceleration engine npu, memory controller, connect module, media processing module, display output module, etc.
Cpu, gpu, and npu can provide arithmeticals, but there are different levels of match for different uses, such as cpu for lightweight ai, gpu for high performance, high vomit ai application, and npu for the benefit of energy-efficient and low-capacity design for one.
It can provide an efficient artificial intelligence acceleration engine at the end of pc, with a more flexible combination of cpu and gpu to respond to the needs of the arithmetic in different settings. In Intel internal tests, loads run for 43.3 seconds on the cpu, with 40w power; all run for 14.5 seconds on the gpu, with 37w power; and some loads (unet+ and unet-) are handed over to npu for execution.
The rest is handed over to cpu for 20.7 seconds at 10w power; unet+ executed by gpu, unet-executed by npu for 11.3 seconds at 30w power. 3) Graphical module: meteorlake integrated into a Xelpg-based Intelarc sharp display card that optimizes the interconnection of caches with 8 gpu cores and 128 vectorenges.
Geometric graphics rewiring tube lines have been significantly upgraded, and eight hardware luminous tracking units, random sampling functions have been added, with further increases in accuracy and performance, twice as high as in the previous generation, and support for intelXess and dx12multimate. 4) Io module: Io module integration thunderbolt4 and pcie5.0, providing excellent connection experience and ensuring data transfer efficiency.
Figure 34: Modular Design for Meteorlake Separation
Figure 37: Meteorlake first integrated neural network processing unit Figure 39: Meteorlake first integrated neural network processing unit Figure 38: Meteorlakenpu structure
On October 24, 2023, the Association presented its first aipc concept machine at its Conference on Innovative Technologies, which embedded the ai function and created a personalized local knowledge base that can run individual models and interact with users naturally. Apples, for their part, take into account the need for future hybrid developments and actively promote them.
Five-g chip landing on the macbookpro product line to facilitate aipc ' s time online demand, expected release time in 2025. The brands HP, macro, etc., have also further increased their collaboration with key software service providers and chip providers. The pc architecture will be redesigned, and it is expected that aigc or other ai applications will be imported into the terminal device, and that the relevant one will be written.
At the same time, other brands are continuing to explore the development and suitability of aipc, and more aipc is expected to be launched between 2024 and 2025. From a detailed market, business and consumption go hand in hand and need to flourish. Games and high-performance laptops are either the first aipc product types to be profitable.
By 2024, global aipc output is expected to reach about 13 million. Between 2025 and 2026, aipc output will continue to grow at a double-digit annual rate and become a mainstreamed type of pc product in 2027, meaning that the global pc industry will move steadily into the ai era in the next five years.
Figure 44: Synchronized pc models with cloud large models demonstrate 3.4 cars: bev+transformer is the dominant trend in algorithms, and the natural interaction of humans will accelerate the layout of the new power/auto-driving supplier bev+transformer.
In 2021, Tesla proposed a combination of bev+transformer, and in 2022 introduced a grid-based network (occupancy) to further refine 3d spatial recognition. Beyond the conventional forward-looking perspective and the subsequent integration route, the program integrates the data into the bird-eye view, avoids the sight-shielding, optimizes border perception and object identification with the occccracy, and then passes through.
The neural network model based on attentionmechanism provides a more flexible and efficient sense and processing of data, which further enhances the ability to combat high-level autopilots.
Bev+transformer. New power in car-making, self-researched urban pilot system xngp, with a perception core of the bev visual perception system based on Transformer xnet, with a purely multi-camera multi-cam viewing programme at its core, supported by laser radar as a safety redundancies.
A large model depth learning network combines camera detection information in a multi-chamber time series, leading to the output of 4d messages for dynamic targets from the bev perspective and 3d messages for static targets. The ideal auto self-research auxiliary driving system atmax 3.0, which uses static bev and dynamic bev network real-time sensing to generate road structure information, combined with neurological a priori network npn, signallight intent
Nettin, which enhances the system's ability to sense the environment, signallights and, through Nerf, enhances the remote resolution of the occupancy, improves the accuracy of identifying the boundaries of the general barrier and returns the vehicle to the environment in real time. Nop+ of the auto-assisted driving system uses bev+occupancy on the perceptive side, using the same technology as its self-research autopilot system nad to achieve lower frequency.
On the basis of the Auxiliary Drivers, the unique function of the high-speed power exchange station has also been developed. Figure 45: Bev+transformer application in autopilot, self-researched ads high-level intelligent driving system, version 1.0 is based on transformer.
, the latest version 2.0 increases the self-research god network, integrates multisensor data such as laser radars, millimetre wave radars, cameras, etc., to effectively identify the heteromorphous barrier, and thus achieves an immaculate map intelligent driving; and the development of drivegpt for improved data labelling and algorithms based on multi-year large model research and development experience based on the application of bev+transformer
(a) Training efficiency; 100 degreespollo, based on a three-dimensional model of its own ecological system, based on the application of a three-dimensional model of the bev loop;
Visual bev perception prototypes and the introduction of the "Integration of Sensitization Decision-Making" generic large model uniad, which integrates the intelligent driving process into an end-to-end network framework based on Transformer. Full autopilot chip (fsd) achieves a rule-driven to data-driven base for intelligent driving.
The driving system, mostly using sub-module design, includes perception, decision-making, control of the three modules, each task using its own algorithm model, while Teslafsdv12 has only a neural network, i.e. a network that determines the structure of the neural network and then enters data training. A God-passing network can handle all input signals and export and drive decisions, and based on real human driving data, the system can learn how to open.
Cars, and keep driving better, so-called rules-driven to data-driven. Tesla is the intellectual leader of the automobile industry, starting with the development of autopilot chips in 2016, the first generation of fsd chips after 2019, and the second generation of fsd chips (7nm) started loading in February 2023, with significant improvements in processing capacity and efficiency. The first generation is based on the Tristar 14nm process.
Constructed around three four nuclear clusters, a total of 12 armcorpex-a72 cores, with a running frequency of 2.2ghz. However, at the second generation core. The most important part of the second generation of fsd chips is the three npu cores. Each of the three cores uses 32 mibsrams to store the weights and activations of the model.
Reads the multiplier-cum-module (mac). Mac is designed as a grid with 96 x 96 grids per npu core, with a total of 9,216 macs and 18,432 operations per clock week. Each chip has 3 npus with a running frequency of 2.2ghz, with a total capacity of 12,165.1 trillion operations per second (tops).
When fsdbeta is activated, the vehicle will use the front, back, left and right camera to enter a model of the surrounding environment. The camera data is used to quickly process the neural network and make a decision to safely guide the vehicle to its destination. During the journey, the fsdbeta will display images of the surrounding environment on the touch screen, including roads, vehicles, pedestrians, road edges, bicycles.
This means that Teslafsdbeta learns through visual and neurological networks to make a comprehensive analysis of the perceived environment and then makes a decision to drive the vehicle to its intended destination. Although driving aids are different from driving completely autonomously, Fsdbeta drives the vehicle.
In some cases, the driver needs to be ready to take over control of the vehicle if there is a complex road condition or emergency. According to currently known information, fsdbeta is available in parts of cities and highways in the United States and Canada. It is believed that as Tesla keeps collecting data and optimizing algorithms.
Figure 48: Atlas of Teslafsdbeta in different environments, large model-aided smart-barrel booster interactive experiences and humanization features.
In the smart cabin industry, voice recognition is an important means of achieving human interaction. It is estimated that, through voice recognition technology, users can reduce their driving error rates by more than 30%. At the same time, with the progress of the big one model, the accuracy and real time of voice recognition has significantly improved, making voice interaction in the smart cabin more natural and fluid.
A big model can use natural language processing techniques to achieve more natural, intelligent voice interaction and to improve the ease and safety of driving. At the same time, a large model can also be applied to smart entertainment systems, which can enhance driving experiences by providing personalized music, navigation and information services based on driver preferences and behavioural habits. 2) A large model is multi-moderated in the smart cabin industry.
The smart module is not limited to traditional visual and tactile interactions, but also allows for multi-model interactions, such as sound, gestures, body moves, etc.. This multi-model interactive approach can better meet user needs and enhance user experience. By statistics, multi-modular interactions are generally more satisfactory to users.
The model ' s personalized custom service in the smart cabin industry helps to meet user needs. The smart module can be customized according to the user ' s personalization needs, providing more precise services by analysing users ' behavioral habits and preferences through a large one-size-fits-all model. For example, through voice recognition techniques, the smart module can be personalized according to the user ' s accent, speed, etc.
In addition, the al-Ai model can be self-optimised based on feedback from users and continuously improve the quality of services. 4 Capacity: dram/nandflash warming, i-led hbm demand continuously increases 4.1 dram: third-quarter contract prices fall, prompting buyers to reboot their cargo dynamics
In 2025, the dram market was expected to return to $92.5 billion, with three monopolistic positions. According to a decline in the market since the beginning of Trendforce, the warming in 2024 was expected to rise back to $92.5 billion in 2025. The dram market was more concentrated, the dynamic balance between major suppliers’ production performance and market demand was more fragile, and the storage plant’s production planning was more market-friendly.
In terms of market size, the global dram market was $7.960 billion in 2022, and the global dram market was monopolized by Samsung, sk Hercules and Light, cr.3 to 95.8 per cent.
Figure 51: Competition patterns in the Dram market in 2022 (%) are loss-prone storage areas, mostly used in cpu caches and image systems, serving as temporary storage of data and loss of information in case of default, and larger caches represent more data that can be processed and stored at the same time, and are part of the claim.
sub-equipment. It is simple, large and fast, so it can be used as a high-speed memory to help the central processor in a computer or mobile device. On the basis of the synchron and cpu clock frequencies, dram can be divided into synchronized drams and drams, where synchrons are divided into ddddrs (double speeds sdram, mainly for pc end), gdddr
The first generation of the dddr, according to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, ceased production in 2010 at a rate of up to 30%, compared to 1% in 2020, and should be applied only.
The ddr5 memory module is equipped with two separate 32-bit channels (40 cc) and will also provide a higher capacity per memory module, adding a new power management chip (pmic) to ensure that, at a higher rate, the volume of ddr5 will exceed ddr4 in the year of operation, and by 2026, the ddr5 ratio will reach 90%.
Low power consumption is the main attribute of the lpddr product, and lpddr4 is still market-mainstreamed. Ipddr uses a number of improved techniques to reduce voltage from 2.5v to 1.8v and further reduces power consumption as a result of temperature compensation upgrades, and therefore lpddr3 has low power consumption and high reliability characteristics.
The CLA data show that the market share of lpddr5(x) in 2022 was 18 per cent, and that by 2023 it was expected to rise to 28 per cent, far below the market share of lpddr4(x) and the market share of lpdddr4(x) fell, but remained the main product of the market, with the market share falling from 79 per cent in 2022 to 70 per cent in 2023.
gddr with a high end display chip design card, which is incompatible with standard ddd memory on the market. gddr is a specially designed high performance memory for high-end graphics, with exclusive work frequency, clock frequency and voltage, with a higher timer and smaller effort than the dddr memory used in the master memory. The first generation of gdddr was performed by the Nvidia company based on ddr and dddr2
gddr3 is a dedicated memory of a third-generation card, carried out in collaboration with aati company (which was acquired by amd in 2006) and jedec. gddr5 and gddr4 are based on a ddr3 conversion and have a basic memory structure similar to that of ddr3. Third-quarter contract price falls, prompting the buyer to reboot the power of the goods. According to Trendforce Consultancy data, 2023
During the third quarter, the dram industry collected $13.480 billion and grew at a rate of about 18.0%. As demand rebounded in the second half of the year, the buyer reboots the power of the original plant, allowing it to grow. On the supply side, in the fourth quarter, the prices of the original plant rose clearly, and estimated the price of the dram contract to rise by about 13-18% in the fourth quarter: the demand has recovered less than in the past.
Despite the buyer’s demand for supplies, the server sector is still passive due to the high level of water held in stock, the growth of the dram industry in the fourth quarter has been limited. In terms of capacity planning, at the end of the third season, Samsung expanded to effectively reduce stock pressure.
Considers that demand will return somewhat during the second half of the 2024 season, so the drops will start to rise next year in the second quarter. Sk Hercules benefited from an increase in Hbm and ddr5 output, a small recovery in capacity, a slight increase in the drop to the end of the year, a combination of a ddr5 penetration at the end of next year, and an increase in the total projection expected to rise by the season.
South Asia Section (nanya) exports benefited from Pc clients’ demand for supplies, as well as off-the-shelf driving, with 17-19% of the volume coming in: South Asia's mainstream ddr3 and dddr4 products were relatively weak, prices were still on a downward trend, limiting their growth rate to only $244 million. Windbond was more active in its pricing strategy to expand its ddr3 industry.
In addition, as a result of the increased capacity and flexibility of the bargaining power of the kh plant, the harvest rose to 112 million in the third quarter. The power (psmc) collection was mainly for its own production, not including dram replacements, and the increase in the price of the discounted spot price caused a small increase in demand, with a 4.4 per cent increase in the dram harvest and a 5.5 per cent decrease in the rate of the chemistry.
4.2 Nandflash: Industry ring growth of 2.9% is projected to be over $60 billion in 2022 and market concentration is lower than dram. In 2020-2021, the demand for home-based office and telecommunications has grown at the same time as the semiconductor supply chain has been under control from time to time as a result of the epidemic.
As a result of the impact, the market continues to expand in terms of price volatility, making the market warm. Cfm flash market data show total production of 610 billion eq, an increase of about 6% compared to the previous year. In terms of market size, the global netflash market was $60.126 billion in 2022, and the Nandflash market was composed of Samsung, Man, Sk Hercules, Western Data and Lights.
Figure 54: Market size 2012 - 2021enandflash ($ million/%)
Inner tubes, storage density is much higher than other roms: in normal use, the charge (data) stored in flash can be saved in the long term: at the same time, Nandflash can achieve quick reading and writing and scrubbing. Nandflash provides a cheap and effective solution for large-volume data storage, which is the current global market ' s large non-lost storage mainstream technology programme.
(slc), multilayered units (mlc), units using x3 architecture tlc, and four layers (qlc). Slc only needs to distinguish between 0 and 1, while mlc needs to distinguish between four states with a larger single-die capacity and more complex firmware to manage. Compared to slcnand, mlc wiring lifetimes and data retention capabilities are reduced.
The sum of the main product, i.e., scsd and ufs (mobile), is nadflash, which amounts to more than 80% of the total. Depending on whether or not to wear a controller, nadflash is divided into no controllers and no controllers. The non-controlr is rawnand, the essence of which is to draw out the nadflash crystal circle pad points, and is sealed into particles like tsop48/bga.
The various management algorithms for Nandflash need to be done at the cpu end, which involves writing-driven problems and increasing cpu loads. The control products are divided into chip and module groups, and the chip products are sdnand, emmc, spinand, internal pins, and the modem products are dominated by tf/sdcards, ssd, disks, etc.
The combined market share of products of the three categories of product, Nandflash, cssd and ufs (mobile) can reach more than 80 per cent.
In the third quarter of 2023, the netflash industry grew by 2.9%, and growth is expected to be more than 20% in the fourth quarter. The roundforce consultation indicated that during the third quarter, the major turning point in the change in the market was a positive decision to reduce production by Samsung.
The purchase strategy for lifting the goods. And the buyer’s attitude has been positive with the sharp drop in production by the supplier leaders, owing to the psychological factors that are expected to reduce supply significantly. Nandflash’s contractual bargaining direction at the end of the third quarter has moved towards a halt or even an increase in prices, leading to a 3% increase in the volume of Nandflash in the third quarter, combined with $9.29 billion, with a rise in the round.
Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, the price of Nandflash products will rise sharply, the average unit price of the entire product will rise by 13%, and the overall netflash industry will grow by more than 20%. The third quarter will be ranked only as a fall in the ranks of Man and Light, and the three stars will be roughly equal to the second quarter.
While the demand for machines has continued to weaken, consumer electronics has improved, particularly pc and smartphone demand for high-capacity products, leading to further strategic readiness, in addition to stock-backs, to the third quarter of Samsung’s profits. As a result of the expansion of production, the company’s business goal has shifted to a positive profit-seeking position, affecting a 1.3% reduction in the price of bits, and the average sales unit price has stopped falling back.
From 1 to 3 per cent, Camp Nandflash received $2.90 billion in the third quarter, with a flat second quarter. On the kioxia side, the sale price increased by 3 per cent on average for the third quarter.
The revenue fell to $1.34 billion, with a 8.6 per cent decline in the ring ratio, and the Micrón market client dynamic of pc, mobile market grew, with some of the enterprissed client stocks being replenished, and the third quarter was equal to the second quarter, with average unit sales falling by 15 per cent, resulting in a decline in the third quarter of the year to $1.15 billion and a 5.2 per cent decline in the ring ratio.
With a full rebound in contract prices, price-seeking power is expected to fuel the growth of orders, and the fourth quarter is expected to grow by more than 20% in anticipation of rising prices. Other players, such as the skhynix&solidigm, and the Western Data (wdc), have benefited from a recovery in consumer electronic domain demand, resulting in an upturn in bit output.
The demand for products has recovered and the bits have maintained quarterly growth, sustaining a roundflash camp in the third quarter of about $1.86 billion, a 11.9 per cent increase in the ring. Western data indicate that the third quarter of pc needs are higher than expected, and that the needs of the mobile device applications (mobile) and games (gaming) categories are resilient, indicating that the price reduction still effectively boosts the delivery slots, thereby pushing up the Nandflash sector to $1.556 billion.
4.3hbm:i-led hbm demand continues to grow and is expected to reach over 10 billion hbm in 2025 as an encapsulated memory that can be integrated with soc through the same silicon intermediary layer in one piece.
You can overcome the maximum number of data i/o encapsulation foot limits that exist outside traditional films. Dram folds together and dies connects by tvs; dram below is the dram logical control unit, controlling dram; gpu and dram connect through microbunks and interposer (connected silicon) interposer and then through bump and
Sobstrate connects to ball; eventually connects to pcb via bgaball. Technically, hbm transforms dram from traditional 2d to 3d, making full use of space, reducing area, matching small-scale, integrated developments in semiconductor industries. hbm breaks memory capacity and bandwidth bottlenecks and is seen as a new generation of dram solutions, which the industry considers to be a new generation of dram solutions.
Dram opens a new path by diversifying the layers of the memory, revolutionizing the dram performance. Ssk Hercules chart shows that Tsv is a technology that puts thousands of fine holes on the dram chip and connects it to the chip through vertically integrated electrodes. The technology stacks several dram chips on the buffer chip and transmits signals through the columns that cut through all the core layers.
Commands, currents. The technology reduces the volume by 30% and energy consumption by 50% compared to the traditional containment. With the Tsv method, hbm significantly increases capacity and data transfer rates. Hbm has a higher bandwidth, more i/o volume, lower power consumption, and smaller dimensions than traditional memory technology. As the amount of stored data increases, the market demand for hbm is expected to increase significantly.
High bandwidth is supported by basic technologies and advanced design processes. The development process is extremely complex because hbm stacks a logical die with 4-16 dramdie in a 3d structure.
With artificial intelligence driven, hbm memory chips are expected to continue to grow in demand.sk Hercules predicts that by 2027, the boom in human intelligence will have resulted in an average annual growth rate of 82% in the Hbm market. Samsung projects an increase of more than 100% in the Hbm market in 2024.sk Hercules announced a plan to launch the sixth generation of hbm chips in 2026.
hbm4. According to Trendforce, Hbm is now mainstreamed on the high-endai server gpu, with an estimated global hbm demand capacity of 290 million gb in 2023, an increase of nearly 60% over the same period. Trendforce estimates that the market size of Hbm in 2023 is estimated to be $3.16 billion, and the market size is expected to break through $10 billion by 2025.
The original plants are expected to complete the certification of the hbm3e product in the first quarter of 2024 in Nvidia, and the hbm4 is expected to be launched in 2026.
8hi (24gb) nvidia samples by the end of July, 8hi (24gb) samples by the skhynix by mid-August of this year, and 8hi (24gb) samples by the Samsung by early October of this year. Looking forward to 2024, observing the project progress of the current individual chip suppliers, Nvidia 2023 has already produced a100/a800 and the high-end ai chip (using hbm) by mid-August of this year.
H100/h800: In 2024, a more detailed classification of product combinations (productportfolio) will be introduced. In addition to the models mentioned above, an additional six H200 Hbm3e and eight b100 Hbm3e will be rolled out, and a simultaneous integration of Nvidia's own cpu and gpu based on the arm structure will be launched with gh200 and gb200.
The start of hbm validation in the second half of the year actually saw that the estimated time of release of the more obvious product was the first quarter of 2025. Intel continued Hbm2e, but the use was upgraded to eight. Therefore, the Trendforce consul concluded that nvidia was expected to continue with the lead gpu specification on the hbm specification, product readiness and timeline, and to take it from the ai chip competition.
Figure 59: Progress in the development of the Hbm solution for the three original plants.5 Automobile electrons: seizing the opportunity of intelligence/electricization, joint industrial capital building ahead of the sealing of the flagship factory
Car regulation semiconductors, also known as car chips, are used in areas such as vehicle body control devices, vehicle-borne surveillance devices and electronic vehicle control devices, mainly on vehicle body control modules, vehicle-borne information and entertainment systems, including power-movement integrated control systems, main safety systems and advanced auxiliary driving systems, and semiconductors are used more frequently than conventional fuel vehicles for new energy vehicles and increased motor control.
System and battery management system applications. Car chip by function, divided into control chip, power chip, sensor chip, storage chip, etc. 1) Control chip: by integration, mainly single machine mcu and system-grade chip soc:2) Power chip: gbt and mosfet are mainstreamed, fuel vehicle generally uses low pressure mosfet and bev cars use gbt
And high voltage mosfet:3) sensor chip, divided into two types of sensor chip for vehicle perception and environmental perception: 4) memory chip, divided into memory lam and flash flash, loss of memory breaker data, loss of flash breaker data. Car chip applications in vehicles are mainly in the areas of environmental perception, decision control, network/communication, human interaction, electrical power, etc.
Figure 60: Type of chip needed for automobiles Increase in the number of digitized/intelligent-driven car bike chips used. Automotive digitization and intelligence are expected to become semiconductor industries.
1.5 times the total fuel vehicle, which is expected to double its semiconductor content by 2021 in 2028. The higher the autopilot level, the higher the number of sensors is required, the higher the number of sensors is, the higher the level of autopilots, the average of eight sensors on average, and the higher the number of sensors required by autopilots, the higher the number of sensors to 20. The volume of information to be processed and stored in the same vehicle and the maturity of autopilot technology is present in the same vehicle.
In this connection, the number of controls and storage chips is further increased. By industry, the number of bicycle chips in electric smart cars has increased from 300-500 to more than 1,000 in fuel trucks, and it is expected that class I4 auto-drive bicycle chips will be used in excess of 3,000, and that the size of the country's vehicle chip market will reach $29 billion by 2030, with annual demand going to be higher than ever before.
Advanced autopilot, high-calculation intelligence chips, sensor chips, control chips, etc., will add $630 and $1,000 respectively to the use of drive bicycle chips. Figure 61: Global vehicle chip output (millions) 2011-2021
Taking advantage of the opportunities of car intelligence/electricization development, the joint venture capital is building up a large-scale production-of-car chip-making state-of-the-art sealing plant. By seizing the market opportunities offered by car intelligence and electrodynamicization, the company provides global customers with semiconductor sealing products and services with high reliability standards, such as electric cars and autopilots.
With the establishment of the Automobile Electronics Centre in 2021, the company has since completed a number of new technology developments in automobiles and the import of bulk products from a number of global households, resulting in a rapid increase in business, with a cumulative increase of 88 per cent over the previous three quarters of 2023. In this area, all six production bases, both in and out of the world, have been certified through iatf16949, and have been equipped with the development and production of car regulations.
At the same time, the company has completed the igbt wrapping operation and has the capacity to encrypt and test the sic and gan chips, and has produced a third generation of semiconductor sealing products in the car with a recharge stake. In September 2022, long-electric technology joined the International Aec Automobile Electronics Commission to further strengthen itself in the industrial chain.
In 2023, with the company ' s technical advantages, such as fccsp and ewlb, 4d mm wave radar advanced packaged volume solutions were offered to global customers to meet the development needs of automatic driving above level 1.3 and to achieve high performance, miniaturization, easy installation and low cost of products. As cars were electro-dynamic, intelligent, network-connected and fast-moving, the semiconductor city of cars was being promoted.
US$ 2 billion, or 15% of the combined growth rate in 2021-2025. The announcement of the Long Power Technology announcement announced that the head of the holding company, Electric Technology and Motors (Shanghai), Inc., was to receive an equity increase of US$ 4.8 billion from the National Investment Fund for the Integrated Circuit Industry II, the Shanghai State Asset Management Ltd. and the Shanghai Investment Fund for the Integrated Circuit Industry (Shanghai II), which combines local industry capital in Shanghai.
In the new area of Shanghai, the industry funds are working to speed up the construction of an advanced containment base for large-scale, professional-produced chip production, with major domestic and foreign customers and industry partners, for a high degree of electricization, intelligence, and a complete local chip production supply chain for new energy vehicles. The project focuses on automobile adas sensors, high performance computing, interconnections, power drive, etc.
Domains will provide customers with many forms of power modules, including qfp/qfn, fbga, fbga, fcccsp, fcbga, fccsp, etc., advanced encapsulation, ssc/dsc/tpak/hpd, and associated full-scale system-level services.
The dual advantage of the round manufacturing industry is to enhance the value of integrated circuit chip manufacturing for the industrial chain. Long-power technology focuses on key applications in such key areas as communication 5g, high-performance computing, consumption, automobiles and industry with advanced containment technologies for industry-led semiconductors (e.g., sip, wl-csp, fc, ewlb, pip, pop and xdfoi).
TM series, etc.) and hybrid signal/radio frequency integrated circuit tests and resource advantages, and achieve mass production that can provide markets and customers with tailor-made technology solutions. After continuous research and development and customer product validation, long-electric technology xdfoiTM has made continuous breakthroughs and has been applied in areas such as high performance computing, artificial intelligence, 5g, auto electron, etc., providing customers with a lighter profile and data transmission.
A faster, less power-depleted chip product manufacturing solution to meet the growing end-market demand for real capacity/technical base for the next round. From the production base, the Starfleet/Long Power Korea/Long Power Advanced involves advanced envelopes. Long Electric State/Longer Power Relocation involves more traditional seals. According to yole data, the envelope market is expected to reach 6.9% between 2022 and 2028.
The growth rate of compound annual growth will reach $136 billion in 2028, of which the average annual rate of compound growth in the traditional envelope market will slow down to 1) Starring Goldbon: the provider of semiconductor encapsulation designs, bulges, needles, seals, tests, and cabling solutions. We expect the operating income of the Starbone Production Base in 2023-2025 to be $12,73/140,81/1621.13 million, respectively.
2) Long Power Korea: High-end wrapping test product. We expect Long Power Korea Production Base to earn 2023-2025 operating income.4 Long Electric Power State: Main Camp to develop, develop, produce, sell semiconductors, electronic originals, specialized electronics and electrical devices. We 5) Long-Range Accommodation: Main Camp to develop, develop, produce, sell semiconductors, electronic originals, specialized electronics and electrical devices.
We have selected nationally marketed encapsulation companies as comparable companies, such as micro-electrics, techs, and electrons. In this, it is a leading domestic, world-class integrated circuit containment test provider, focusing on one-stop solutions for global customers, ranging from design simulations to encapsulation testing, with products, technologies, services covering artificial intelligence, high performance computing,
Large data storage, display drivers, network communications like 5g, information terminals, consumer terminals, object networking, auto electronics, industrial controls, etc., meet the diversity needs of customers. The main features of the Chinese technology package are tip/sdip, sot, sop, ssop, Tssop/etssop, qfp/lqfp/tqfp, qfn/dfn, bga/lga, fc, mcm (mcp), sip, wlp,
Tsv, bumping, mems, fan-out, etc., mainly in the areas of computers, network communications, consumer electronics and intellectuals, mobile terminals, object networking, industrial automation controls, motor electronics, etc. Electronics are mainly engaged in the containment and testing of integrated circuits, and products are used mainly in radio frequency front-end chips, ap-soc chips, touch chip, wifi
In the first half of 2023, the global semiconductor market was depressed, the demand for the end market was weak and the demand for downstream was lower than expected, resulting in pressure on the chain. We adjusted the company ' s original performance projections, with operating income from 2023 to 2025 being the original.
The technology rolled out a whole series of xdfoiTM products, in which the high-density multi-dimensional isomer integration process of Chiplet has entered the stage of steady production as planned, adding to the growing demand for advanced envelopes in markets such as future arithmetic/sustainability/cars, and maintaining buy-in-a-advices. At times, it is influenced by political and economic factors, both domestic and foreign, such as low market demand and strong competition for products, that will influence the price of advanced envelopes from the bottom line.
International trade friction risks: As a result of deep adjustment of the global industrial landscape, international trade frictions continue, the integrated circuit industry has become a priority area for trade and conflict and has had an objective negative impact on the development of related industries in China. Since August 2022, the US has pushed for a number of trade-restrictive policies to limit the development of China’s semiconductor sector by restricting exports of products, equipment, technology, etc.
Artificial intelligence development is less than expected: as artificial intelligence develops, it will drive the need for arithmetic chips, thereby expanding the space for advanced encapsulation markets, which will reduce the demand if artificial intelligence does not develop as expected. New technologies, new processes, and new products are not industrializing as scheduled: the integrated circuit containment testing industry is a technology-intensive industry.
There is a need to keep pace with industry-wide trends in the timely and efficient development and industrialization of new technologies, processes, and products that meet market and customer needs. If there are swings in technology research and development, capital investment in new technologies cannot be increased in a timely manner, or advanced equipment is not acquired to produce more advanced encapsulation products, it will face new technologies, new processes, and new products.
The main raw materials supply and the risk of price change: the main raw materials required for advanced domestic sealing are mainly imported and the external customers require higher quality of the unleaded and packaged products. In the future, if the supply and demand relationship in the raw materials market changes, the prices of the raw materials will increase, or corporate development will be affected by unpredictable factors such as insufficient supply by suppliers and problems with the quality of the raw materials.
Risk of exchange rate fluctuations: As the renminbi is marketized, there is a greater volatility in the renminbi’s exchange rate market, with the company’s overseas subsidiaries operating abroad using the United States dollar as the currency of account, while companies and companies in the country are using the currency of account as the currency of account as the currency of account. As a result, the company’s consolidation of the RMB’s financial statements may lead to a risk of exchange rate reconciliation of the statements.
Summary of financial statement projections and valuation data