Events: The spring of 2025, when the company performed well, the structure of its products remained positive, we continued to grow well, and the provincial departments, departments, departments, and v performed better than the competition.
The spring dinner table was raised in volume, and the channel feedback was consistent with a steady increase in the start-up year, v. The grab is being repaired at an accelerated rate; and, with the pull of the national brand and the boost of the expansion of the channel, Lea has continued to grow rapidly, and the share of the waist price continues to race ahead.
Taking the lead in the implementation of stop-and-go controls across the board, in order to consolidate channel prices, stabilize channel benefits, and maintain market rhythms. Considering that the company’s spring-bust sales are growing robustly and long on a high base, and that the pipeline stock remains benign, we believe that there is a high visibility for the year’s revenue growth rate.
Intra-provincial shares are rising upwards, and the cities outside the province are breaking out. The company is growing at an all-round rate with a basic level of goodness and industry. 1 provincial market has developed a web-based collusive collage to build a matrix of channels called “Billpost County - Model Towns - Model Shops”, which requires over 100 shops according to the “Billion Dollars, Million Towns, and Ten Million Shops”
In order to strengthen the submersion, the “counties are more than one billion in size, more than one billion in number, more than one billion in number”, the market for the core items of 100-500 (Limitation, Reciprocal, Four-Square), 500-plus (V3), 800-plus (V9, 2049) is now in place.
The region has gradually expanded from traditional niche markets such as Xuzhou and Xiaoan to Su-jun, with a clear medium-term growth path, thanks to a higher share of overpriced provinces.
In recent years, the strategic direction, organizational structure, product structure, and price structure have been refined.
With strong strategic support, the company’s provincial and extra-provincial markets during the spring of 2025 have largely continued the previous positive growth, with resource focus and targeted breakthroughs gradually emerging.
"The world" (603369): Three-quarterly reporting points in 2024 have been raised and managed. At the bottom of the industry cycle, corporate revenue and profits have been growing steadily, and in the medium term, an increase in the share of the province is expected to open up the space with a comparative advantage on the left side of the base.
It's important to note that at the end of the income line, powerful markets such as Xiaoyan, Nanjing, Yangzhou, Xuzhou, Salt City, Town River have been connected, with a clear space for raising the rate of growth in the cities of Quai, Shaijia and Leanya.
The company’s sales movement has been steady, and since 24h2 sales performance and competition have widened further, and there is a greater willingness to tilt the end to the country, and the company’s revenues have become more self-fulfilling. At the profit end, the company’s business units were restructured and completed in 2024, with the provincial city.
The landscape is becoming clearer, with companies strengthening reasonable control over cost effectiveness in 2025, avoiding disorderly input, focusing on the convergence of value, bc, and expecting a similar improvement in net interest rate movements. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Oo Securities Company Limited is already qualified for portfolio investment advisory operations.