Intra-provincial up-and-up cultivation, outside of the city, focused on expansion-- a study of the dynamics of the Company for the Future (603369.sh).
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn First, there was a solid increase in city ownership; follow-up focus on the price belt has expanded its advantage and continued to expand Follow-up, up v3 with impact at 600; 2024 increase in marketing v3
A total of 30 per cent, v6 feasts were held on nearly 3,000 occasions, with sales falling short of 100 million yuan, an increase of 72 per cent. 3) Long-term promotion of product structural upgrading and strengthening of opinion leadership groups.
Regionally: 1) Ongoing intensive farming in the province to reduce the gap in the level of municipal occupancy, structural reform as the “three one divisions” of the headquarters, with the district office sub-branding operation, has been increased year by year, followed by a shift in focus based on the situation in the districts
Two) push for perimeter slabing, long-term trio integration, closer cooperation with manufacturers, and steady growth in Shandong, Anhui, Zhejiang, outside the province, with four core monolithics. We look at companies that cross over 10 billion and continue to strike at products and channels.
With sales and the latest stock capital, we have slightly adjusted the company’s macroeconomic downside risks for 2024-2026, the growth rate is not as high as expected, the growth of the v series is not as high as expected, and the expansion of the economy is not as high as expected.
1 The Convergence of the World (603369): Accumulation, Quantities, Increased Confidence of Shareholders.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
One unit base, seeking medium- and long-term equity opportunities, is good at capturing short- and medium-term potential; thinking hard about white wine, and deep-market thinking and insight into su wine, sub-high white wine and soft drinks.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific advice or opinion in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.