Luxshare (002475 CH)
Resilient FY22/1H23 despite industry headwinds
BUY (Maintain)
Target Price
RMB48.00
Luxshare posted FY22 revenue/NP growth of 39%/30% YoY, largely in-line with
(Previous TP
RMB52.3)
expectations, and it also pre-announced 1H23 earnings growth of 10-20% YoY,
Up/Downside
83.9%
which we believe is resilient given weakness in smartphone/ consumer
Current Price
RMB26.10
electronics market. Given challenging macro headwinds, Luxshare delivered
China Technology
impressive operating efficiency and cost synergies. Looking forward, following
multiple strategic M&As in 2020/21, we believe Luxshare is well-positioned to
Alex NG
gain share in iPhone/Macbook/iPad/Watch OEM/components, and capture
opportunities in automobile tier-1 biz and AR/VR product cycle. We adjusted
FY23-25E EPS by -2%/+2% to reflect macro headwinds and accelerated auto
segment. The stock now trades at 15.2x FY23E P/E, close to 1-sd below 5-yr
Claudia LIU
average P/E. Maintain BUY with new TP of RMB48.0 based on lowered 28x
FY23E P/E. Upcoming catalysts include Apple MR launch in June.
Stock Data
FY22/1H23 earnings largely in-line; Impressive growth in smartphone
components/OEM. Despite global macro weakness, rising inflation and
geopolitical uncertainties, Luxshare delivered a solid set of FY22 results
with sales/NP growth of 39/30% YoY. By segment, computer/automotive/
communications/consumer electronics revenue grew 44%/48%/293%/33%
Shareholding Structure
YoY, while GPM was largely stable at 12.2% in FY22. In particular, its
subsidiary, Luxcase Precision (casing & top module), reported revenue/net
profit growth of 49%/102% and NPM improved 0.7ppt YoY to 2.6% in FY22.
Source: Bloomberg
Multiple growth drivers: iPhone 15/MR, auto tier-1 biz and overseas
Share Performance
expansion. As the major OEM/component supplier of Apple's
iPhone/Airpods/Watch, we believe Luxshare will benefit from Apple's
iPhone 15 cycle in 3Q23 and continue share gain in top module/OEM in
FY23E. In addition, we expect Luxshare will expand into OEM biz for Apple's
Source: FactSet
first-gen MR device in 2H23E (500k in FY23E), and gradually ramp up
12-mth Price Performance
OEM/component share allocation in FY24/25E. Benefiting from Apple's
supply chain expansion strategy, Luxshare plans to accelerate capacity
business and communications segment is set to deliver stable growth post-
integration and overall profitability continues to improve in FY23/24E, we
forecast earnings will grow 33%/24% YoY in FY23/24E.
Attractive risk/reward; Reiterate BUY. We believe Luxshare's operating
efficiency will continue to improve with economies of scale in iPhone/
Source: FactSet
Macbook/iPad OEM/components, and new opportunities in auto tier-1 and
AR/VR will boost revenue upside in FY24/25E. The stock now trades at
15.2x FY23E P/E, close to 1-SD below 5-year hist. avg P/E. Reiterate BUY
with new TP of RMB48.0 based on lowered 28x FY23E P/E for softer
consumer electronics market. Catalysts include iPhone share gain, Apple
MR launch and auto tier-1 business progress.
Earnings Summary
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIGM estimates
Earnings Revision
Figure 1: Earnings revision
Figure 2: CMBI estimates vs consensus
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Source: Company data, CMBIGM
Valuation
Reiterate BUY with new TP of RMB 48.0 (84% upside)
We derived our new 12m TP of RMB 48.0 based on lowered 28x FY23E P/E (vs 30x prior for soft consume electronics
market). We believe this is justified as Luxshare continues to deliver strong earnings growth, market share gain and
product expansion to capture Apple and NEV opportunities in next 3-5 years.
Upcoming catalysts include share gain in Apple products, MR device launch and auto tier-1 progress. Major risks include
weaker iPhone/AirPods demand, weaker yield improvement and slower integration of acquired businesses.
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIGM
Financial Summary
Source: Company data, CMBIGM estimates. Note: The calculation of net cash includes financial assets.
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst in
this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as
an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIGM Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIGM
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Global Markets Limited
CMB International Global Markets Limited ("CMBIGM") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned
subsidiary of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors. CMBIGM
does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives, financial position
or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from that which is contained in the
report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a result of their dependence on the
performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIGM recommends that investors should independently evaluate particular investments
and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIGM, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of CMBIGM
or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in
securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIGM nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers or employees shall be
liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information contained in this report. Anyone
making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available and reliable.
CMBIGM has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness. CMBIGM provides
the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice. CMBIGM may issue other
publications having information and/ or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption, point-of-view and analytical
methods when compiling. CMBIGM may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in
this report.
CMBIGM may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself and/or
on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIGM does or seeks to have investment banking or other business relationships with
the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIGM may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report
and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only and this publication, may not be reproduced,
reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written consent of CMBIGM.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
(as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies, Unincorporated Associations,
etc.,) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIGM.
For recipients of this document in the United States
CMBIGM is not a registered broker-dealer in the United States. As a result, CMBIGM is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports
and the independence of research analysts. The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report is not registered or qualified
as a research analyst with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). The analyst is not subject to applicable restrictions under FINRA Rules
intended to ensure that the analyst is not affected by potential conflicts of interest that could bear upon the reliability of the research report. This report is
intended for distribution in the United States solely to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy of this report
by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this report to any other person. Any U.S. recipient of this report wishing to
effect any transaction to buy or sell securities based on the information provided in this report should do so only through a U.S.-registered broker-dealer.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser as defined
in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute reports produced by its
respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities
and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore. CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law.
Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report.