On May 21, 2019, the Qingshan office was one of the software companies that processed the Qingshan office.
The company has been working on the development and marketing of wpsoffice office software products and services.
Public approaches and applications, with more than 30 years of research and development experience in the field of office software and technical and technological skills, the country’s software industry has been growing steadily and continuously.
This represents an increase of RMB 6.31 trillion in revenues from software and IT services throughout 2018, an increase of 14.2 per cent over the same period. From 2010 to 2018, my country ' s revenues from software and IT services increased from RMB 1.36 trillion in 2010.
The annual compound growth rate of 6.31 trillion yuan in 2018 was 21.1 per cent, with a steady increase in the “Internet+”-led business-level office market. According to the National Directorate of Commerce and Industry, there were 1,1020.0 million households a year, with an annual compound growth rate of 12.3 per cent, according to the software industry.
Current trends suggest that free and fee-paying products will coexist over the long term across the entire business-level market in the future, with small and medium-sized enterprises and entrepreneurial teams requiring free products reducing operating costs; large enterprises and high-end clients wishing to buy their products by paying for them.
Good security of goods and services. A free or fee-paying model will provide more favourable development opportunities for office software manufacturers, and there may be competition and co-operation and innovation between future manufacturers, thus providing more and better business-level customers.
Business-level office markets continue to grow through office solutions. Companies insist on autonomous and manageable development paths. Companies focus on a wide range of key technologies and build Internet-based cloud office applications through breakthroughs in core technologies.
Services systems, creating new smart office models, and upgrading user experiences across the board. The core technology created by the company’s own innovation is fully used for company products and services, and the products are mainly used on a number of mainstream operating platforms, such as linux, macos, andandroids, and ios.
Services include, inter alia, value-added services based on corporate products and related documents, as well as Internet advertising promotion services, which provide a one-stop, multi-platform application solution for clients.
The main listed companies have high-speed software, Oriental access, Guangta, Pannet, Friends Network, and Gu software. As of 20 May 2019, the average number of pe (ttm) companies compared to listed companies was 56.07 times the average.
The pioneer and leader in the production of intermediates is the leading provider of basic software and information security solutions in the country, with a pe(ttm) of 45.72 times. Microsoft, Inc., is mainly involved in the development, manufacture, and authorization of computer software services.
(e) 27.68 times the risk; the risk of increased competition in the market; and the risk of less than expected downstream demand.
The company is the leading office software and service provider in the country. It has been working on application research and business expansion in the area of office applications, gaining insight into and mastering the user's day-to-day business practices and applications, with more than 30 years of research and development experience and technological accumulation in the area of office software.
In December 2018, the number of monthly active users of the company ' s main product (mau) exceeded 310 million, of which the wpsoffice desktop version had more than 120 million monthly active users, leading other national production office software; the wpsoffice mobile version had more than 181 million monthly jumpers; and the company ' s other products, such as the Golden Mountain Liquor, had nearly 100 million monthly active users.
The office mobile version covers more than 220 countries and territories around the world, ranks first in the global googleplay and appstore office applications market, and continues to be a leader. Companies insist on autonomous research and development, with autonomous intellectual property rights over core technologies.
Electronic table computing techniques, animation techniques, online co-ed editing, secure files, and data co-sharing will be studied in depth to create an Internet cloud office application service, create a new smart office model, and improve user experience across the board. The core technology created by corporate ownership innovation is fully used in corporate products and uniforms.
Services include, inter alia, value-added services based on corporate products and related documents, and Internet advertising promotion services that provide a one-stop, multi-platform application solution for clients.
The goods and services involved political institutions, businesses and large and medium-sized enterprises, which were widely used in a number of important areas such as finance, aviation, energy and construction, and were particularly effective in the public sector, now cover more than 30 provincial and municipal autonomous governments and more than 400 municipal and district governments. 120 of the world's top 500, revealed in Wealth magazine, were at the end of December 2018.
Chinese enterprises, which have provided services to 69 companies, account for 57.50 per cent of the total; of the 96 companies in the country, customers served by the company have already reached 11, or 91.67 per cent, of the total number of customers served by the company in a national joint-stock commercial bank.
The software industry has continued to grow at a steady pace. According to the data published by the Operational Monitoring and Coordination Board of the Ministry of Trade and Communications, the fast-track report on the economic operation of the software industry shows that software and information technology services in the country earned $6.31 trillion in revenues throughout 2018, an increase of 14.2 per cent from 2010 to 2018.
Revenues from the industry grew from 1.36 trillion yuan in 2010 to 6.31 trillion yuan in 2018, with an annual compound growth rate of 21.1 per cent, and domestic office software penetration has gradually increased and the number of users has been growing. As revenues from the software industry have increased significantly at a faster rate than gdp, the share of GDP has also risen steadily, reaching over 7.0 per cent in 2018, for social life and social life.
The growing penetration and dynamism in various areas of production, the growing importance of the national economy, the rapid development of the software and information technology and technology services industry have provided an excellent basic development environment for the office software industry, leading to a more advanced perception of users and the transmission of information in the country, maximizing synergies and providing a strong guarantee for the further development of the office software industry.
World Bank data show that China's basic office software market in 2018 was 8,534 million yuan, an increase of 9.7 per cent compared to the same year in 2017. It is expected that by 2023 the industry market will have reached 14,904 million yuan, and that the composite Internet+ will drive the business-level office market to grow from 2018 to 2023. According to data from the National Directorate of Commerce and Industry, the number of domestic enterprises will continue to grow.
In addition, according to current trends in the software industry, free and fee-paying products will coexist over the long term in the overall future of the business-level office market.
Small businesses and entrepreneurial teams need free products to reduce operating costs; large firms and high-end customers want to provide good security for the products and services they purchase through a payer-type approach. A free or fee-paying model will provide more favourable development opportunities for office software manufacturers, which may in the future be competitive or cooperatively innovative between manufacturers.
Corporate products and services are widely used in a number of important areas, such as government, finance, energy, and aviation. In 2018, the top five clients of the company generated 27.68% of sales, including Ali ' s mother, Skycat, and treasure-hunting under Alibaba.
In 2016-2018, the company ' s overall strength and profitability grew and profits continued to grow. In 2018, the company achieved operating income of $112,96811,000, an increase of 49,97 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $31,066,666,000.
The income from the company’s main business is divided by product: (a) increased demand and the size of the market, (b) increased competitiveness of the company’s products and services, and (c) increased market development and maintenance.
The company’s controlling shareholders are Wps Hong Kong, which was established on 2 November 2015 in Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and holds 67.50% of the company’s shares.
Outside the East, the shareholders holding more than 5% of the issuer’s shares are Qiwen Five-D and Morning Two. The company’s financing history is illustrated in the following graph:
Technology innovation and closure, product upgrading, service optimization and internationalization of office software through new technologies, analysis of label companies and valuation of similar companies
Among domestic companies that are comparable to their business, high-end software is the home-grown erp product and service provider.
Friends network is the leading integrated, integrated and eco-style business service provider, primarily focusing on advisory, marketing and service applications for information-based construction and management in manufacturing, circulation and microenterprises, committed to the digital transformation and intellectual development of enterprises and public organizations in China and globally, and to promoting change in the business services industry with ideas and technologies.
Based on advanced technologies such as mobile Internet, cloud computing, big data, and social networking, the Soyup Private Clouds platform is the most widely used computing platform for enterprises and public organizations in China, and is used in public applications for small and medium-sized enterprises and enterprises of all kinds.
Orient, a leading provider of basic software and information security solutions, provides clients with safe and reliable intermediates, information security, innovative applications and solutions through advanced software products and techniques, helping users to achieve industrial innovation, security control, and data sharing and value mining.
Software products and solutions such as intermediates, information security software are widely used in thousands of industries in the country, with more than 2,000 business-level users and more than 500 partners in finance, communications, government, energy, transport, etc.
Clients provide specialized applications and solutions in the area of construction engineering, building digital architecture platforms that serve value-added services such as big industrial data, new industry finance, etc. Their software has long been guided by big data strategies, managing software and digital dissemination operations on a two-wheel drive around business advice,
Product technology and solutions, overall upgrading of large-scale data integration services capacity in b2b2c, building large numbers of clients for government enterprises, based on ecosystems. Its main business consists of two major business sections: management software (e-government and group control) and digital dissemination.
In the field of mobile offices, a number of industry poles, such as Shanghai Medicine, Restar and Greenfield, have been built to successfully serve the country’s tens of thousands of corporate clients, including Picc, Greenfield, China’s ability to build goods, and China’s 500-strong enterprises.
In the face of competition abroad, Google was founded in 1998 as a multinational technology firm based in the United States, recognized as the world ' s largest search engine, including Internet search, cloud computing, advertising, etc., while developing and providing a large number of Internet-based products and services.
Microsoft, a multinational technology company based in the United States and a pioneer in the development of personal computer software worldwide, was founded in 1975 by Bill Gates and Paul Allen, based in Redmond, Washington State, and mainly engaged in operating systems and the microsoftoffice software series.
The company ' s Māori ratio is lower than that of a wide network, and higher than that of other comparable companies, and is generally at a higher level. The public sector has a higher R&D cost, mainly by: 1) fully costing the company ' s R&D expenditure; and 2) in order to increase the depth and breadth of its own products and services, the company ' s R&D investment is larger and its personnel are better paid.
Corporate sales cost rates are generally within the range of comparable company sales cost rates and are more consistent with the user network. As the size of the public division expands, the scale effect increases, management efficiency increases, and management costs are maintained at a lower level after the company pays for shares.
The average number of companies listed is 56.07 times that of companies listed in the same industry. The average number of companies listed in the same industry is 67.28 times that of domestic companies listed in the same industry and 28.03 times that of foreign companies listed in the same industry.
Risks include, inter alia, the risk of less than anticipated industry development; the risk of technological upgrading; the risk of increased competition in the market; and the risk of less than expected downstream demand. Xu Peng: Master of Engineering, June 2013 Accompaniment of Chinese securities, main areas of research and tracking: transhipment, electronics, etc.
In the six months following the report, the value of the securities relative to the depth 300 index has increased or dropped. Eligibility. This report is produced by Chinese securities only for the customers of Chinese securities. The company does not consider the accuracy and completeness of these information to be guaranteed by the recipients of the report.
The views expressed do not form the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, and the information, opinion or opinion does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person obtaining the present report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
If necessary, consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters.