The main logic of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre is the self-controllable light of ethnic office software.
A continuous growth of two-b-2c-wps clouds + wpsai, driven by R&D, has been developed. The three profitable models of corporate "authorization + subscription + Internet advertising" are now growing, and office subscriptions and advertising services are expected to open up in the future as user willingness to pay increases.
• Bottom wheels: Autonomous R & D drives the growth of the core product wps. Since 1988, when the founder of the company asked for the development of wps1.0, the company has accumulated more than 30 years of experience and technology in the field of office software. As a software service company, the company has always been autonomous in its R & D drive, maintaining efficient R & D inputs, G. 2018.
The Department spent $430 million on R & D, representing 37.8 per cent of revenue collection. The company, driven by synergies between the three main profit models, has a co-opt-and-b-end power that has dominated the country. By the end of 2018, 42.8 per cent of the company ' s wps: the main product has a monthly life of over 310 million.
More than 85% of the country’s companies and more than 90% of the country’s share-holding banks are widely used in a number of important areas such as government, finance, energy, and aviation.
This is mainly from the use authorization of products and subscriptions (value-added services) by institutional clients, of which authorized income from the use of products is derived mainly from government and large enterprises, with revenues of $240 million, $280 million and $360 million, respectively, for the last three years.
The formula has the advantage of placing greater emphasis on services, differentiation, etc., and is the focus of the company’s future efforts to promote it, and its revenue share and space are expected to increase further. Third wheel: 2c end content and functionality pay for new dynamic growth.
Wps members, rice-shell members, and advertising. Over the last three years, the size of the 2c end income for the Golden Mountain office has been about 290 million yuan, 430 million yuan and 720 million yuan, contributing to the company’s 72.3 per cent growth in revenue over the last two years, and the rapid growth in the 2c end of the company’s income in 2018 has benefited from an increase in the wps user’s monthly income, which has led to an increase in the user’s monthly income.
2c income is expected to continue to grow at a higher rate as company cloud services and i-tech and consumer copyright awareness continues to grow. • Fourth-tier flying wheels: Cloud+ai Times and Cloudized Smart Offices become new directions for office software. China will do so in 2018.
The size of the public software market is 8.5 billion yuan. The market is expected to reach 14.9 billion yuan by 2023.
The company, as the leader of the national-owned office software, is expected to benefit fully from an autonomous, controllable wave and a wave of the development of the ai, achieving a higher-than-expected growth in the clouding of the office and the ai’s office. The risk of a fall in willingness to pay: new technologies like clouds, ai, etc. are not developed as expected.
1 Kim Shan office: the country's preferred ethnic office software, the 1.1wps flyer model, is the leading country-wide office software and service provider, mainly for wps office software products and services
The company has more than 30 years of research and development experience and technological accumulation in the area of office software, with the company ' s main products and services being developed autonomously and owned by the company for core technology.
Looking back at the 30-year-old growth of Kimsan’s office, we look at the company’s past and future growth path, citing the “flyboard model” of the classic theory of business growth. From its inception in 1988, the company has been going through three main stages, responding to the trend of three times, and it is also the company’s three-storey flying wheels that are starting to grow fast.
It became a model of a continuous growth of the “2b-2c-wps cloud + wpsai” driven by R & D core products. Figure 2: Wps’ bottom wheels (1): Growth is driven by autonomous R & D, with continuous optimization around the core product wps
New, driven growth; in the seven years from 1988 to 1995, wps once held 90 per cent of the market share at that time, which was the enlightenment software of the first generation of computer users in China; (2) second-tier flying wheels: in a low period of competition entry, “circumcial” failure, etc., the company caught on to wto
The subsequent domestic bg end-of-the-art and national production wave, which hit the first shot of government procurement, was developed in 2005 for three years, and a wpsoffice 2005 with a fully autonomous intellectual property right, permanently reborn wps with a business information wave and free of charge for individual users:
(3) Round three: In 2011, with the advent of a mobile Internet wave, companies launched the Wpsandroid, wpsios, back-to-back global mobile office product, in the face of unclear prospects for the mobile office industry; and, based on a fast-track, free-of-charge approach, developed new dynamic energy through content and functional fees;
(4) Round four: the cloud and the ai era are coming, and companies are actively responding to the trends of the time by defining a development strategy for “many screens, content, clouds, ai”, built on a cloud-based, content-based, multiscreened, one-enhanced new office four pieces. 1.2 Corporate panorama: wps office software is at its core, focusing on three major profit models
Figure 3: Kimsan Office Development along the GDR The real owner of the company is Lui Jun, who holds 12% of the shares of the Kim San office indirectly; Uncle Jun, who holds 7.9% of the shares indirectly, is a co-operator of the effective control of the Lui Army. The shareholders in more than 5% of the shares are also 10.4% of the Qiwen Five-D and Xinjiang of the morning.
Of the 6.7 per cent of the period, Chivan VD is the main body set up for the purpose of employee ownership. Figure 4: Maps of the main equity structure of the office in Phnom Penh, macos, androids, ios, etc., are used on a number of mainstream operating platforms.
Wpsoffice office software products: wpsoffice office software is a core product of the company, consisting mainly of the wps office desktop version and the wpsoffice mobile version, with software and service operations generating more than 99% of business income.wpsoffice has a variety of features that are highly compatible with mainstream offices abroad, providing stability to a wide range of users.
Easy office support to meet the office needs of all categories of users. At the same time, the company provides quick, easy, efficient online and offline services and technical support to wpsoffice users. Desktop and mobile versions have a variety of platforms such as text, tables, presentations, pdf readings, ios, and groid.
In addition to providing wps-based office software products, the company also provides office value-added services based on corporate products and related documents, as well as Internet advertising. Office value-added services include mainly business office value-added services, i.e. organizational level.
Clients provide professional-level products, corporate office clouds, office solutions, etc.; and personal office value-added services, i.e., personal users are offered office applications and personal office cloud services.
The company ' s profitability model is divided into three main types of office software product use authorization, office service subscriptions and Internet advertising promotion. Since the company ' s transition from tool product delivery to application service, the income from office software product use authorization has been relatively stable, while income from subscription to office services and Internet advertising has increased rapidly with the continued growth of paid clients
(1) The use of the office software product is directed to organizational-level clients of different sizes, including mainly quantitative and site-authorization models. Small and medium-sized enterprise software has a relatively small number of subscriptions, usually using a quantitative authorization model whereby the company grants a copy of the software to this group of customers and then charges it according to the number of authorized clients; for large clients with large software needs
This is usually done in the form of site authorization, whereby the company grants such customers the right to install a certain version of the software in their place of business during the contractual period, without limiting the number of machines in their place of operation, and then the company charges the authorized user fees for the entire site. (2) Office services subscriptions are made to institutional clients and individual users.
A contract or multi-year framework contract is signed each year and recognized revenue is shared over the period of the contract. Compared to the traditional office software use authorization model, the office service subscription model places greater emphasis on service, differentiation, and client access to a range of customized and continuous product upgrading and technical support services that are compatible with the software.
Figure 6: Corporate office service subscriptions Individual user service subscriptions provide membership services to individual users, mainly in the categories of wps members (including super-members), riceshell members, and wps member services focus on functional services based on wpsoffice office software, such as wps sessions
High-level privileges such as the glorification of documents, value-added services such as the skin of members, and larger cloud document storage space are available to members of rice shells who can download a certain amount of rice shell cloud templates free of charge per month, receive resource-type services, and choose to buy templates on a case-by-case basis; super-members have access to both wps membership and rice shell resource services.
(3) Model for Internet Advertising Promotion: The core of the Internet Advertising Promotion Service is the significant advertising value generated by a large group of users of wpsoffice and Golden Mountain software products free of charge.
By starting up a client-end product, as well as starting a cover, a window, a screen page, etc. when the software is used, the client’s services and products are promoted. At the same time, the method and income of the advertising promotion settlement are determined by the location, type, and the diversity of the client’s needs, compared to the recognition of the flow of information based on the length of time, the number of hits, the number of registrations, etc., and the company recognizes the revenue with the client on a monthly basis based on the flow information.
1.3 Performance profile: three main models driven by synergies, with high growth in performance Main business structure of companies: 31.5 per cent revenue from authorized use of office software products, depending on the company ' s financial situation in 2018; 33.7 per cent income from Internet advertising promotion services; 34.8 per cent income from subscriptions to office services;
Due to the nature of the business, the use authorization rate for office software products was higher, at around 97 per cent, and contributed the most to Maori, at 35.3 per cent, exceeding their income ratio; Internet advertising promotion business and office service subscriptions contributed 32.4 per cent, respectively, and for the last three years, revenue from the use authorization for office software products and Internet advertising promotion services, although rising annually, was received
The decline in the share of revenue has been matched by a rapid annual increase in income from subscriptions to office services, with an average compound increase between 2016 and 2018, which has enabled companies to optimize their product structure. Corporate performance: corporate revenues in 2018 have exceeded RMB 1.1 billion and continued from RMB 540 million in 2016
The rate has been rising year by year, and the Māori rate of Internet advertising services has declined in 2018; high, companies have increased their spending on R&D inputs, from $270 million in 2017 to $430 million in R&D costs, a year-on-year increase that is still higher than the net profitability of comparable listed companies.
Bottom 2 flying wheels: autonomous R & D, core product wps-driven growth 2.130 technological build-up, leading in the production of home-grown office software. Wps1.0 was developed by the company's founder in 1988 and has accumulated over 30 years in the field of office software.
Experience and technology. As a software service company, companies have always been autonomous in their R & D drive, spending $430 million on R & D in 2018, accounting for 37.8 per cent of receipts, and by the end of 2018, based on a total of 280 million registered users of the company ' s wps, the company ' s wps office software users were
This represents 42.75% of the total number of users in the domestic office market. As of December 2018, the number of monthly active users of the company’s main product (mau) exceeded 310 million, of which the wpsoffice desktop mau exceeded 120 million, leading other office software in the country; the wpsoffice mobile version over 180 million; and the rest of the company’s product (e.g., the Golden Mountain Phrase) was close to 100 million.
In addition, the Wpsoffice mobile version covers 220 countries and areas around the world, and ranks among the top in the global Googleplay and Chinese appstore office application markets. The company ' s wpsoffice products and services are widely used in a number of important areas, such as government, finance, energy, and aviation, and in politics.
This is particularly evident in the provincial sector, where the company software now covers more than 30 provincial and municipal autonomous regions and more than 400 municipal and county governments. As of the end of December 2018, 120 Chinese enterprises out of the world's 500 revealed in The Wealth magazine had served 69 companies, representing 57.5 per cent; of the 96 companies in the country, 82 companies, representing 85.4 per cent; and in the financial sector, five Chinese companies nationwide.
Commercial banks in large countries are corporate clients, with 11 of the 12 national share-holding commercial banks serving 91.7 per cent of all provincial government software purchases in the country, and wpsoffice accounts for nearly three per cent of total purchases: the company raised funds in four main directions, for a total of 10 projects.
The direction of the office office software development (customer-end and safe and reliable enhancements), the direction of the office ' s ai basic research and development (humans working together to assist in writing, ai natural language processing, ai computer visual recognition, etc.), the direction of the office product Internet cloud service (coated services and value-added services development), and the direction of the internationalization of the office software (global research and development, technology services, marketing network, etc.).
Once again, the strategic direction of the future corporate focus on office software cloud services and the development of ai research and development is highlighted. 2.2 The size of the office software industry and the competitive advantage of wps are evident, and the number of users of office software has increased in recent years as social informatization has developed.
Long. World data show that the number of users of office software in China has increased year by year from 2012 to 2018, with an average of more than 30 million new users per year and 660 million in 2018, and that the number of users and the size of the market is still stable in the domestic industry, and Microsoft and Kimsan have a clear competitive advantage.
Because of the high barriers in the industry, there are currently few office software brands in the domestic market, and foreign brands are mainly Microsoft microsoftoffice, Google gsuite, and Apple iwork. Microsoft now has the highest market share and is the main innovator and core technology master in the software industry; Google's gsuite office suite is an online office software package.
It is possible to process and search documents, tables, slides, and share files with other gsuite users, edit files, etc.; iwork is an office software developed by Apple for the macosx and ios operating systems, covering products such as documents, spreadsheets and presentations, mainly for users with appleid.
For domestic brands, the wps of the Kimsan office are the largest national office software and service provider. By the end of 2018, the wps office software account for 42.8% of the total number of registered company wps users in the domestic office market; the domestic brand also includes the Yong-Cung office and the winning bid Phuhua office, but the market is not very well occupied.
Currently, there is a clear competitive advantage in the domestic market for Microsoft and KIMshan, where there is competition for Microsoft, KIMshan, and others, such as Young-jak Software, Inc., and Winner Software, Ltd. The trend towards software security is becoming more pronounced, and barriers to the office software industry are becoming stronger.
Social software is now becoming increasingly important as an integral part of business management, and security concerns are increasingly being addressed. For customers, protecting their privacy and safeguarding industry-sensitive information security is one of the important considerations in choosing products.
At the same time, because customers can easily develop their own habits and brand perceptions, and because the user’s office habits are somewhat sticky, it is difficult and costly for those entering the industry to recreate the habits and cognitive barriers that consumers have developed. The value of copyrights has gradually increased, and users’ willingness to pay has increased.
In 2017, the State Department issued the “13th Five” State Protection and Planning of Intellectual Property Rights, which included intellectual property rights for the first time in a country-specific plan, while consumer awareness of property rights began to grow. The data show that in recent years, the amount of copyright payments for content has been increasing, with user-paying income rising as compared to one that exceeded overall copyright revenues in 2017.
Businesses in office software have been subject to abuses such as piracy, and intellectual property protection issues such as piracy in the current environment will gradually diminish their negative impact on software businesses. As one of the beneficiary industries with increased copyright values, content payments have become one of the third tiers: 2b end authorized business has grown steadily, and subscription services have become huge.
The Wpsoffice business model is divided into 2b, 2c. c Includes mainly wps members, riceshell members and publicity, 2b income is derived mainly from product use authorizations and institutional client subscriptions (value-added services).
2b and 2c. In this case, in the last three years, the 2c revenue from the office in Kimshan was about $290 million, $430 million and $720 million, respectively, and income grew by $430 million in two years; during the same period, the revenue from the office in Kimshan grew by $590 million, contributing to the company ' s growth of 72.3 per cent over the last two years, which is the company ' s main growth point. In 2018, 2c revenue accounted for the year ' s business growth.
About 63 per cent of total income became the largest income pattern for office operations in Phnom Penh. 2b income from 2014 to 2018 was 200 million yuan, 230 million yuan, 250 million yuan, 310 million yuan and 380 million yuan. The main revenue from authorized use of products that remained on a 2b basis came from the Government and large enterprises, and from 2016 to 2018 it was 260 million, respectively.
Revenues have risen steadily in yuan, $280 million and $360 million, accounting for 43.3 per cent, 37.7 per cent and 31.5 per cent of income from the main battalion operations, respectively. The value-added services of institutional clients decreased significantly from 2016 to 2018 from 200 million yuan, 300 million yuan and 200 million yuan, respectively, representing 25.7 per cent, 16 per cent and 6.4 per cent of subscription income to wps office services, respectively, as compared with the last three years.
The size also decreased in 2018 and is currently contributing little to operating income.4 Third-storey flying wheels: 2c end content and functionality pay to grow new dynamic energy 4.1 clients ' subscription income is growing rapidly, opening up room for growth
The rapid growth in the 2c income that Wps individual clients subscribe to benefits from an increase in the number of wps users per month, which leads to an increase in the number of paid users and advertising revenues. According to the company ' s stock offer, the company ' s main product was active per month in December 2018. The number of users exceeded 310 million, of which the number of paid users per month amounted to 48.12 million, compared to the monthly rate of paid users in December 2016.
778,000 times more than six times in two years. As company cloud services and the development of i-technology and increased consumer copyright awareness, 2c incomes increased at a relatively high rate. 2c Wps members earned 300 million yuan, 80 million yuan and 230 million yuan, respectively, between 2016 and 2018.
The rapid growth in income-sharing, with annual compound growth of 189 per cent, represents 45.2 per cent, 51.7 per cent and 64.7 per cent, respectively, of wps office service subscriptions. As can be seen, individual wps members have been an important source of corporate office service subscription income and play an increasingly important role.
Riceshell members earned 200 million yuan, 150 million yuan and 100 million yuan, respectively, between 2016 and 2018, representing 29 per cent, 32.3 per cent and 28.9 per cent of the public service subscription income of the wps, and the contribution of this component to the office service subscription income was relatively stable and growing at an objective rate per year.
Wps members and riceshell members are similar in nature and provide value-added services to individual clients. Taken together, Wps ' potential for growth in 2018 is close to the ceiling, but as national copyright awareness increases, the number of payers continues to grow and the income size of companies is still very high.
4.2 “Free” accumulated users, “advertisements” put cash value, 2c advertising revenue from office software in Phnom Penh, mainly from wps, which, without taking into account advertising income from other businesses, was 240 million yuan, 300 million yuan and 380 million yuan, respectively, from 2016 to 2018, at 20 per cent per year.
The above growth has been steady, but the share of business income has declined from year to year due to the lack of revenue from subscriptions to office services, at 44.8 per cent, 39.3 per cent and 33.8 per cent, respectively.
Co-operative extension services are mainly used by companies to meet the demand for Internet advertising by advertisers in third-party platforms using their own product flows, with the highest rates of income from the current main business, 22.6 per cent, 22.2 per cent and 16.9 per cent, respectively, between 2016 and 2018, where companies agree with advertisers or advertising agents on the presentation and on the manner in which the billing is done.
The rate of increase was relatively high, with revenues from collaboration with a third-party platform in 2018. Figure 25: 2c advertising revenue and its structure. Data show that nearly 90% of wpsoffice users are white collars, 10% are school students, and close to 80% of users own books.
Higher and higher education, which is a relatively high demand for higher-cost, higher-quality electrical and electrical products, so the biggest advertising industry in Phnom Penh is now in the electricity sector, the secondary education sector, the fast-out industry, the 3c industry, etc..5 Fourth-storey flying wheels: cloud subscriptions +wpsai are coming in the future.
5.1wps Clouds: The first core function to be achieved from software products to service providers starting in 2012 is wps cloud files, which can be managed through an account number. Then, after several innovations, wps clouds evolved into a collaborative platform, a communications worker.
With the number of users and the use of data rolling up, cloud services will expand in the future, with the ultimate goal of achieving all-shared collaboration. Currently, the domestic online document market is growing rapidly, addressing user pains, using cloud-based services and running over cumbersome software.
The start-up, mail, etc., allows users to actually get into a collaborative office, thereby generating substantial gains in office efficiency. At the same time, online collaborative office is not just a product of productivity on a pc computer, but is now used by almost all people on smart phones, which also serve as a continuation of the office landscape.
The wps file launched in July 2018 in Phnom Penh provides an easy way to work together, addressing the need for multiple people to work together online. Users can share documents directly through links, invite others to work together, and can do so by scanning two-dimensional codes.
The files were switched over on mobile phones and computer terminals. Within four months of their launch, Kimsan announced that the wps file was over 69 million. In December of the same year, the wps file accumulated more than 14.7 billion files, more than 16 million new documents were added daily, and more than 1.58 million users collaborated with the wps document every day.
The market for online documents in the country has changed. The White Paper of Users of 2018wpsoffice, published by Irene Consulting, shows that more than a majority of wpsoffice users use wpsoffice in their homes, while 43.3% and 42.1% of users use them on their commutes and journeys, respectively.
Software, multi-channels, multi-dimensional uses, and locations that allow wps users to sit in office and use software. This also explains the need for wps online documents and the broad outlook.
The result is that the moat is shallow. Other companies in the country are aware of the potential of this market development, for example, on April 18, 2018, the evaporation of the file services under their own flag, which can be linked to the micro-mails, qq direct access, or support online document modifications.
While the online document market is now at a stage of bickering, from a user’s practical point of view, the wps, which have a long history of document service, remain the user’s choice.
Wps has its own unique advantages, and only Microsoft Office and Kim Shan wps are now able to match online documents with office formats. While not yet fully functional, they are also, to some extent, competing for online document markets. Such competition can certainly allow all participants to accelerate their research and development, and thus the entire online document market.
5.2wpsai:i A fully new office service system Artificial intelligence is developing at an unprecedented pace, playing an increasingly important role in everyday production life, affecting a wide range of industries and multilayered 3Ds. The office software industry is also an essential part of people's work.
The current artificial intelligence has become the technological engine of the office software, the functionality of the office has become the future direction of the development of the office software, and major office companies have sought to incorporate the technology into the office software, thereby improving the efficiency of the office.
The modern working model of office365 support intelligence, which now integrates artificial intelligence into office packages, has become a consensus in the office software industry, both in Microsoft, Google, and in Jinshan and Yong-chung, both abroad, each of which has opened its own path to artificial intelligence exploration.
Artificial intelligence technology for the project, which provides users with spell correction, data loss protection, ppt translation components, officelens, myanalytics, personalized search and data analysis services, further enhances the user ' s experience, improves the efficiency of the enterprise ' s office and highlights the technical highlights of artificial intelligence.
Adding machine learning and artificial intelligence to the traditional office software, improving office processing efficiency, simplifying duplication Tasks, automating and personalizing processing are trends and trends in future office software development, and it is expected that future office software will also go further on the one side, giving greater attention to allowing users to search documents from the various services already in use rather than making the user bureau.
It is limited to a package that attempts to meet all needs, integrates more users and data from different platforms into one system, better serves users through big data and artificial intelligence, and, as artificial intelligence-related technology matures, the public software industry is about to reap the technological dividend of the ai technology.
KIMshan Offices: Moving away from traditional office offices and opening up a new era of office-ai, where artificial intelligence has become a new trend in the software industry at a time when the office software industry is in a state of technology change, is also following the tide of the city-based business as one of the priorities of the company ' s future development strategy, as one of the troika ' s future growth.
On the one hand, following Microsoft's vision of the IT industry, there is a significant increase in the cost of developing the ai technology and promoting the development of its wpsoffice artificial intelligence services and products.
On the other hand, wps is working with Google's Tensorflow to push the ability of the person to sink to a mobile terminal.
Instead, it is not limited to desktop office software, which further enhances the level of intelligence of office software and expands its leading advantage at the mobile end. The processing and conversion of images is done with the ability to optimize the algorithms of tensorflow and tensorflowlite on the frame layer, thus enabling the detection of the edge of objects, automatic identification of the type of pictures, scanning of files ocr, natural scenes ocr, graphics.
The layout analysis of the film files, etc., enables the first transfer of the ai technology application from cloud to mobile end, enabling the move ai to be truly realized and to gain a subsequent advantage in the ai technology wave. The ipo is not as fast as expected: the company has submitted a copy of the proposal, is still in the process of questioning, and is later ipo
The process remains uncertain. bg End government demand downside risks: company penetration at end bg increases are influenced by policy, product autonomy and progress.c End client content willingness drops: end 2c business is the company ' s current main revenue growth point, endc customers pay
There is uncertainty about the costs of market diffusion, product upgrading, etc. The risks of new technologies such as clouds, ai, not being developed as expected: new technologies are driven by multiple influences, such as R&D inputs, the introduction of talent, and external environmental support.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.