The deep reforms have been very effective, and the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre (WSRDC) has been very dynamic in the long term.
• Recommended logic: 1. Benefiting from consumer upgrading, increased brand awareness, broad dissemination of the concept of “less drinking, good drinking”, sustained expansion of high-end, sub-high-end markets, and strong brand genetic and nationalized image of the company will fully benefit from the expansion of the industry. 2; corporate brands, products, channels, etc.
In addition to the successful branding and successful reform of the channel, the company focuses on the m6+ core single item, which is the country’s largest single item, with its product upgrading pace significantly ahead of the competitive one.3 The company continues to build the internal infrastructure of the province, dig deep into the “New Jiangsu Market” and continues to promote nationalization, with a growing market space.
Large: active promotion of the bi-crowd brand revival, with a significant increase in corporate growth during the 1450s as a result of the $10 billion goal; under the strategy of “double brands, multi-brands”, it is clear that “the ocean river, the bi-crowds, the precious wine are the company's three core growth poles” and the growth momentum is strong.
With multiple factors such as continuity, reform dividends awaiting release, and a significant increase in the brand rejuvenation of the ditches, the growth of the public sector has been strong, with a “quick-value rise” driving firm’s elasticity to be released. The industry’s Matthews effect has been evident, and the share of white wine continues to rise.
With space, consumer development, growing awareness of consumer brands, and the acceleration of the market towards white and white wine, supported by the country's highest per capita income levels, the consumption of su wine has led the country, with more than 50 per cent of consumption at the lower and middle ends of the province remaining open, and the provincial leader will benefit fully from structural upgrading and enrichment.
Deepening the reforms is not the first step, but the second step is the most dynamic. The company has achieved three dimensions of branding, product, and channel rationalization, and the reforms have been very effective and the growth has been strong.
Strong. At the end of the product: the company's ability to develop new products is outstanding, the focus is on m6+, the craft class (the master's version), the wine-breeding class, and so forth, and the product structure is being effectively upgraded, with a price increase of more than 50% per ton in the last five years and a significant increase in profitability. At the end of the line: the company sells around the principle of “one-stop shop, multi-market approximation”
• The future path: the revival of the brand name of the two ditches breathes life into life, and the path to secondary entrepreneurship is clear.
Production, marketing, management, independent operations, based on the revival of the two-crow brand, injects new development efforts into the company.
Focusing on the top, the sub-high, the orderly upscaling of products, the positive upscaling and the deep nationalization of the layout, and growth space remains wide. As the dividends of channel reform continue to be released, and secondary entrepreneurship progresses steadily, corporate profits are expected to increase at a compound rate of around 21% over the next three years, with a promising outlook.
1) The Ocean River Series, which continues to upgrade the product structure, focuses resources on building m6+ into the country's 10 billion single item, taking the initiative to continue to expand the 600-bit price position, and taking over the 600-bit lead brand position, which is expected to be the year 2022-2024, m6+ camp closing 2), and the two-channel series, which continues to advance the bi-crowd brand renaissance and sustain synergies between the bi-crowd and river brands, are expected to continue.
3) Benefiting from product structural upgrades, high growth periods for core products such as m6+, and the increase in the increase in the increase in the value of the brand rejuvenation of the ditches, the upgrading of the product structure and the continuous improvement in management efficiency, the company ' s Māori ratio will continue to increase and the overall cost rate will decrease marginally. We differ from the market perspective.
According to the market: 1) the market layout of the company is better, the market is limited and the growth engine is insufficient; 2) the intra-provincial market is seized by competition, its share is declining, and the base is loose. 3) The organization is solidified, and business activity is declining. 1) Our view is that while the company has completed its nationalization, about 40% of the revenue is concentrated in Henan and Shandong municipalities.
On the other hand, the company proposed a two-trenched brand-renewal strategy to set up a development strategy for high-end, nationalization of the two ditches, aiming to achieve the $10 billion sales target in the 1455 period, which could lead to significant growth for the company. (2) The share of the market in the province was seized by competitions between 2019 and 2020.
Yes: the company has been upgrading its products for almost a decade since its dream series broke into m3, m6 and m9 in 2009, and its deep distribution pattern is seriously depleted and its channels have declined. To address this problem, the company has introduced new items such as m6+, crystal version m3 to increase the profits of the canals, while the channel reform is based on the principle of “one-size-fits-all, multi-package” and the dividends are being released,
Dynamics have increased significantly. The firm’s deep period of corporate reform has only been a short period of competition for market capture, and when deep adjustments have been completed, the provincial market will be effectively consolidated. 3) Companies have effectively stimulated the slum brand revival, deep nationalization expansion, etc., as a multipolar driver of corporate growth, and corporate performance elasticity will continue to be unleashed through initiatives such as equity incentives, organizational change, and the selection of young cadres.
1) high-end white wine batch prices; 2) sustained recovery of economic and consumer confidence, with higher than expected sales; 1) repeated risk of a new crown epidemic; 2) risk of a significant economic downturn; 3) market openings or less than expected; 4) performance release of a single wine tap gene, and re-starting of entrepreneurial sails
The company began its business in July 1949 and changed its stock company in 2006 and made a successful listing in 2009. Once it was listed, the company launched an expansionist M&A route, with full capital for the two-crowd, Guizhou, and the Chee-Chu hospitality industries, among others, and continued to enrich the product chain.
Two Chinese brand names, six Chinese brands, have continued to increase in their influence. The company’s top brands are in the forefront of the white wine industry, with high brands and rich brands.
Product series, with constant focus on high-end and sub-high-end, clear paths to a second-stage start-up. Figure 1: Corporate development history 1.1 Blue Classic legends, secondary entrepreneurship myths.
Phase I (1949-2002): After the summit, the ocean river wine factory, the predecessor of the ocean river group, was established in 1949 and changed into an ocean river group in 1997. The 1970s and 1980s were a time of high light for the creation of high-end ocean river branding genes.
At the end of the 1990s, for reasons such as industry adjustment and a lag in the response of the industry to its own channels, phase II (2002-2012): Active re-engineering inspired dynamism, blue myths made legends. In 2002, the Ocean Rivers Group, as the initiator, established the Ocean River shares and granted 14 managerial incentives, while optimizing assets, streamlining institutions and running businesses.
In 2003, the Blue Classic series came to the market, and in 2006 came out of the Jiangsu market, where the 2009 proposal for nationalization, high-end mazes, and five grain fluids was made possible by the industry’s headline status. The “restriction of consumption by the triads” and “scrambled driving” have caused a severe setback in the white industry and a severe drop in high-end consumption.
As a result, the blue of the dream also fell, with the harvest of the river falling by 18 per cent during this period. In 2015-2018, the beneficial public consumption rose, the industry began a recovery and entered a new round of gold development, accompanied by the continued expansion of the New Jiangsu market, the nationalization strategy and the rapid growth of the ocean’s rivers out of the valley.
Phase IV (2018-to date): The growth of dynamic energy has declined briefly, and the myth of second entrepreneurship has been rewritten. After the blue break of the dream in 2009 became m3, m6 and m9, there has been no significant renewal in the last decade, with the high focus on the blue of the dream, the blue of the sea, the blue of the sky, the decline in the dynamic of development, the accumulation of incentives, old patterns and the impact of the epidemic, and a continuous decline in company operations from 2019 to 2020.
Since 2020, the company has undertaken a comprehensive reform of products, channels, organizations, etc., establishing a “double name, multi-brand” development strategy, clarifying that ocean rivers, ditches and wine are the main growth poles of the company, that the dividends of the reforms are about to be released, and that entrepreneurship will help the river fly again.
Figure 2: The state of corporate development at all stages State ownership and stable equity structure. Ocean River was a pioneer in the reform of the White Liquor industry, with two major changes, with significant results.
Ocean River Co. Ltd., which holds 51% of the shares of the Ocean River Group. In 2006, the company increased its holdings to management, industry and technical cadres in order to motivate management. As of 2022q3, the company actually controlled the housing market. The National Finance Committee held 34.16% of the shares; the management owned the second largest shareholder in the Blue Alliance, with a shareholding ratio.
The main business consists of the company's main business, which is white wine, with 96.4 per cent of the white business, with medium- and high-grade products (for $100/500ml) representing mainly the blue classic series, Su, Jin Bao (for the Emperor and the Holy Family) and the popular product (for <100/500ml) representing mainly the ocean river curls, the hyperbolics, and so on.
The series’s continued release is a central driver of the structural upgrading of the company’s products. From the distribution region, the company has been active in opening the New Jiangsu market, with a strong focus on the deep nationalization of the market, since the start of the nationalization of the market in 2007, with the industry restructuring having had a major impact on the white and wine industry in 2012 and gradually starting with the recovery phase in 2015.
On the one hand, the ocean’s industrial opportunities have been actively expanding out-of-town markets and continuing to promote nationalization, with an increase of more than 20% between 2015 and 2018; on the other hand, companies have been actively engaged in deep-deeping the internal market and consolidating the internal infrastructure of the province. From profit to profit, the reform dividend has been positive as workers’ shareholding plans have landed, new products have been successfully imported into the market, channels have been reformed, and so on.
Since the recovery of this round of white wine, there has been a division between the various levels of white wine, with a crowding up of the industry, as evidenced by the steady decline in the production of white wine above, the increase in the price of white wine, and the continued contraction in the sale of white wine at the lower and middle levels.
The central drivers of industrial differentiation are the rising per capita income levels, the rising consumption of “less alcohol, better alcohol” and the growing social consensus in the context of the rapid rise of residential health and brand awareness, the steady upward movement in the mainstream consumption price of white wine, and the increased focus on high-end and sub-high-end products of the elite and old wine.
The product structure is being optimized. Against the backdrop of high-pressure growth in the industry, head and central brand advantage will benefit more from the dividends of rising consumption and concentration of market shares.
2.1.1 The industry has grown in a crowded manner, with a marked structural boom. The industry has grown in a squeezed form, with a marked structural upgrading. The volume of gold in the white industry rose in 2002-2012. The squeezed growth was evident, with rising incomes and rising public consumption, leading to industry growth, from the profit side.
As a result of product structural upgrades and direct price increases for white wine, the profits of the industry are significantly higher than those of the harvest, the production of white wine is down, and intra-industry competition dominates. The period 2002-2012 was a decade of gold in the white wine industry, with a rapidly expanding industry; after three years of deep adjustment in the white wine industry, the brand and health awareness of the population rose rapidly, "Less drinking."
Good drinking has become a social consensus. Along with such things as “restriction of consumption by the three publics” and “restricted driving”, white alcohol consumption has become more rational, with sales from white alcohol businesses of more than size having fallen; the volume of white wine production (comparable caliber) of more than 7.16 million tons in 2021, compared to 2.5%; the number of white alcohol businesses of more than size has decreased from 1563 in 2015 to 965 in 2021, and the industry has already done so.
The structural boom has been marked by a rapid rise in the number of brands and channels. Since the recovery of this round of white wine, the structural boom has been marked by division.
The revenue and profit market share of the white wine listing companies (mostly the white wine) have increased dramatically, respectively, and the share of the listed companies has risen rapidly. The share of wine sales is still low, and there is much room for improvement in the future.
A mere 14.1% (the main reason for the elimination is that their products are mostly low-end and their sales in the market account for over 40% of the sales, which would better reflect the trend in sales and ton prices), while the sales of wine remain low and there is much room for improvement in the future. The sales of alcohol (excluding syllables) have increased from 951,000 tons in 2015 to 106,000 tons in 2021, a year-on-year combination.
The rate of increase was 1.6%; sales, despite the continuing dispersive epidemic in 2021, were somewhat repaired compared to 2020. With the steady rise in the income of the population and growing brand awareness, there has been a steady increase in the disposable income of urban residents and per capita spending on food, tobacco and alcohol, as China’s economy has grown rapidly.
In the last five years, the disposable income per resident has increased by about 7%, and the income of the population has steadily risen to provide a solid basis for rising consumption. At the same time, per capita spending on food, tobacco, and alcohol has risen steadily from 4494 yuan in 2014 to 7178 yuan in 2021.
In terms of geographical distribution, the high net population is distributed gradually down to the eastern coast, east, centre, and west. With the national industrial policy, the balanced development of East and West, etc., the greater economic elasticity of the economy in the central and western regions will drive the growth of middle- and wealth-rich groups.
Figure 18: Number of individuals with investable assets in excess of $10 million (millions of people) Figure 19: Regional distribution of high net population in China in 2020
The impact of the atmosphere is also an important driver. While opening up the price space, the first-line cities are characterized by high-end consumption ratios greater than the second-high end, the middle-end consumption ratios greater than the lower-end consumption ratios, while the lower-line cities still have higher cost ratios, and the first-line urban consumption escalation trends are expected to be transmitted to the third-line cities, leading to sub-high-end and high-end consumption.
2.1.3 High-end lanes are excellent, brand barriers are extremely high, high-end lanes continue to expand, and barriers are less competitive. With the continued expansion of high-income groups, high-end consumer demand continues to grow, high-end brands are smaller, consumers have greater brand loyalty and high-end competition patterns are relatively stable.
The high-end track is extremely demanding for brand power, so high-end white wine competition patterns are most clear. Among them, the low-quality brands account for about 95 per cent of the high-end market, the rare nature of brands enhances the ability of high-end brands to overvalue brands, and the current low-end lot price stands at around $2,800, far higher than other brands.
High-end barriers are extremely high, and brands build core competitiveness. Pow, five grain fluids, and the old cellars in Kyongzhou have been entangled in China on many occasions, with a strong reputation for branding and consumer awareness, and a mature brand for high-end track.
Apart from the three mature high-end brands, some of the firms with brand power and quality advantages are starting to do so. m9 and the manual classes have flexible and differentiated product characteristics, as well as a strong consumer base, which is popularly popular with consumers after new products like the master 's edition.
The head opens the price space and leads to the upgrading of the structure of the industry. In the context of rising incomes and growing income groups, the consumption of medium- and high-grade white wine has risen.
High, line-of-name increases open full price space and lead to an orderly upgrading of the industry. Driven by a line-of-name increase in prices, industry average tonnages have moved steadily upwards from a price point of view, through direct price increases and product structure upgrades; and from a volume point of view, as mainstream prices have moved, demand for consumption at the lower and medium end has shifted to the upper and lower end of the past, leading to a volume increase.
2.1.4 Upgraded high-end markets continue to expand, with consumer uplifting driven by sub-high-end brands and consumption uplifting to boost the growth of the high-end track. Consumption uplifts the price of white wine, and high-end brands such as Mau, have stabilized the price belt at around $1,000, opening up the development space for sub-high-end brands and widening the price belt.
Sub-high-end lanes continue to expand. Sub-high-end consumer loyalty to brands is weaker than high-end prices, leading to a multiplicity of product- or channel-intensive brands competing for market inputs to capture market shares, consumer-breeding through diagnostic activities, feast preferences, circle marketing, and continuous expansion of market capacity through demand-side nurturing.
Consumption pulls with channel push, and the price of sub-high-end liquor continues to rise. Consumption increases driven by rising incomes are central to sub-high-end market expansion, using, for example, the mainstream consumption scenes of weddings, birthdays, etc., in the eastern economies of Shanghai and Jiangsu.
In the developed regions, the mainstream price belt has exceeded $350, and in the central provinces of Henan and Sichuan, in the western provinces of the central province of white wine consumption, the current price belt has risen to between $160 and $260; with economic growth and rising residential incomes, the rise in white wine consumption will be a long-term trend, with a sustained growth momentum at the sub-high end.
The weakening of power is evident, while the 500-800-dollar emerging price belt channel has relatively high profits, such as that of distributors such as sunflower 30, ocean river m6+, each of which has a profit of around $100, has a higher motivation for distributors and terminals, and has sufficient pull to upgrade consumption. With the combined power of consumption and channel pull, the price of the second-highest bottle of alcohol has continued to rise, significantly increasing the profitability of businesses.
Figure 29: In the context of rising consumption, low-end, middle-end and sub-high-end white alcohol consumption has risen to varying degrees to higher prices, and medium-end white alcohol consumption has been affected by a combination of low-end, medium-end and sub-high-end escalations, showing limited physical expansion, prices, prices, prices, prices, prices, prices, prices, prices.
The price is rising steadily, with the price of white wine moving steadily upwards, driven by rising consumption. High-end white wine has opened up price space, finished.
Consumers nurture and future markets will expand robustly; sub-higher prices will rise, driven by consumer uplifting and channels, and firms with both brand power and channel power will become more explosive; medium alcohol, as a springboard for upscaling of public consumption, will remain open for price increases, but market expansion will be limited; low alcohol prices will rise, but sales will tend to shrink.
2.2 The wine market is wide-ranging, with consumption upgrading leading the country to a wide-ranging market of 2.2.1 white wine, with a strong local brand, a strong cultural base and a strong consumption of alcohol.
Jiangsu has four great wines, two publicly listed companies, two brands, two brands, and a ditch in the world, which is a bit unheard of for reasons such as slow internal management reform. It is also a long history of wine brewing, which has a strong drinking culture in Jiangsu, and the consumption of wine in Jiangsu, which is about $50 billion in size.
As an excellent representative of the fragrant white wines of the Gang Huai faction, the "Twig River" has created a group of loyal wine-free groups, creating a unique advantage for local brands. Local brands are strong, and prices are competitive.
The competitive advantage of the Sino-Supreme brands is more pronounced in each price belt. Because of differences in brand power and channel power, provincial and foreign brands occupy different price bands, and the different patterns of competition are evident. Among these, old brands, such as kooks, five grain fluids, and state cellars, benefit from their brand power, they account for most of the market share of the price of more than $800, and the ocean rivers benefit from brand influence in their provinces, m9,
Artisanal classes also receive a share of the market; m6+, Crystal version m3, Sky Blue, Eternity 4x4 and Seng Nanchun, among others, have a strong brand or channel power in Jiangsu province, accounting for between 300 and 800 yuan in price bands; in the provinces of Sea Blue, Lightya, Ancient 5/8, Hol 6/9 and brands of wine dominate between 100 and 300 yuan in price bands; and in the provinces of Ceramics, Twin Trench Sluggs, Constellation 10/15 years, mouth cellars
Jiangsu has traditionally been the province of white wine sales, with production capacity spread mainly in North Su, and the market share is concentrated in two listed companies in the Ocean River and the world, benefiting from their strong local brands.
Sino-Sunan has a high level of income, a high level of consumption and a relatively open market, an early and branding advantage and a higher market share for the world and the world's presents in Sino-Sunan.
2.2.2 The income of the population has risen steadily, the mainstream prices have gradually moved up, the economy is one of the highest in the country, and the potential for consumption is wide.
In 2021, Jiangsu made up 23 of the country’s top 20 counties, and the top 20 in Central Jiangsu accounted for eight, and the country’s leading economic power provided a solid basis for consumption. Jiangsu’s disposable income continued to grow at a high rate, even in 2020, with a 4% increase and a solid increase in the population’s consumption base.
As Jiangsu’s economy expands and people’s disposable income continues to rise, the mainstream consumption price of white wine in Jiangsu continues to move upwards. Sustained increases in income levels are the cornerstone of rising consumption.
The upgrading of the products of each brand of white wine, and consumer development, play a positive role in the upgrading of consumption, particularly in the face of the interaction between the upgrading of the products of the ocean river and the upgrading of consumption. The blue classics, in keeping with the upward trend in consumption, are gradually rolling out product ladders like the blue of the sea, the blue of the sky, the blue of the dream, and today, m6 + the positive layout of 700 places, effectively leading business consumption in the province.
The pipeline found that the prevailing South Sudan consumer price belt is now standing at 350-500 and that there is much room for increasing consumption in the future in the Sino-Sioux markets, under the leadership of the Sino-Sioux market and under the initiative of brands. The increase in consumption has led the country and continues to boost market expansion.
There is still a significant amount of medium- and low-end consumption in Jiangsu, which, under the influence of a growing awareness of quality, a sense of “less drinking and good drinking”, will be upgraded to the lower- and lower-end consumption at the lower end, which will continue to rise above US$ 600-700, and commercial consumption is moving up to a price of US$ 600-7000, and the market will benefit fully from the dividends of rising consumption.
2.2.3 There is a clear pattern of competition within the province, with a clear pattern of increased consumer markets and a concentrated market share. Since the acquisition of the two ditches in 2010, a strong pattern of competition has been established in Jiangsu province, and by 2018 the pattern of competition in the market was stronger.
During the course of the reform of the channel, the world’s tight-strength opportunities are growing rapidly, and part of the market share of the ocean river is being stolen. Competition in the wine market will increase as the ocean’s distribution system deepens, channels are being streamlined, product and price systems are being re-established, and the world’s current circumstances rise to the same level. In the context of industry-stressed growth, Soup will become more competitive.
Increased competition in the market will increase the pressure on small and medium-sized alcohol companies, and the market share will accelerate to the top in the context of the persistence of the strong. Soup leads to higher consumption, which will continue to expand at the higher end and the higher end of the race.
Upgraded to high-end prices, the Jiangsu high-end white wine market is expected to grow at a compound rate of around 20 per cent over the next three years; consumer awareness of brand names and the concept of “less alcohol, good wine” continue to grow, and public consumer prices continue to move up, while brands will continue to grow more consumers and promote the expansion of the sub-high-end market over the next three years and are expected to rise twice over the next three years.
In addition, the total market volume at the lower and middle ends will decline and prices will rise steadily, leading to a slight increase in the market at the lower and middle levels, as a result of two major factors.
In addition, the company is a soft starter, uniquely assisted competition, product combinations of quality and characteristics, and ocean rivers and rivers.
The two main brands cover sub-higher, middle-end core price bands, and the products complement each other and are more competitive. Companies use institutional innovation to activate channel dynamism, end thrusts are increasing, dividends from the reform of the distribution system are about to be released, and channel activity continues to grow.
The momentum of the growing channels, the company's second surge, and the process of high-end, deep nationalization is accelerating.
The branding advantage of "A Two-Fame Wine" has strengthened the branding of the Sea River as a nation's brand, and the triad of the Ocean River has become a nation-wide brand, and the bi-crowds have twice become a nation-wide brand, and the deep wine gene has been created. The history of wine brewing in the Bi-crowd industry dates back to the 18th year of Ming Dynasty, which was originally used for the production of the Royal Goon.
Liquor, which was written by Mr. Sun Nakayama, has four main words: "Giving Trench Springs." Jiang Soo's wine originated in Tang, flourishing in Mingqing, and has been sold along the border during the same year. Both the deep-seated two-chul and the eight famous Liquor Rivers have a relatively high profile and reputation, and the two brands of wine have brought together the river "3,000 miles north, tasted like the first family in the south of the river."
Table 5: The list of winners of the four National Wine Assessment Conferences is soft and competitive. The company is located in the city of White Wine in China, where the residential areas are one of the three most famous areas of the world's three wetlands, with a unique ecological environment that provides a good source of water, soil and air for wine making.
The ocean rivers rely on unique brewing processes, creatively introducing a new style of soft white wine quality, deep enough to meet the core needs of the target consumers, and successfully building a new process of soft white wine, adapted to the taste of market consumption.
This feature responds to the emergence of the consumer ' s health-seeking vision, which has gradually expanded into rejuvenation, high-level education, face-to-face and formalization of drinking purposes, as well as reducing consumer vulnerability and discomfort after drinking.
3.1.2 Brands are high and high, brands are high, brands are high, and brands are highly up and up, and the blue series is classic. High-end white wine has strong brand barriers, and deep branding is the core competitiveness of the product.
Consumer demand, creatively introducing soft fragrances; boldly using blue packaging to capture consumer visuality and mentality; and ad ads, using the word "man's heart" to get an emotional foothold. With the benefit of precision brand positioning and its own powerful branding genes, the ocean rivers shape a series of powerful brands of blue classics in a short period of time, blue.
The colour winds are sweeping the country, corporate brands are rising rapidly, and brands are gaining influence from within the province to across the country. Figure 42: Blue River Classic poster, focus on core product series, continuously raising brand heights.
Prior to 2003, the company focused its brand image on low-end ocean river music, “China's famous wine, it's not expensive” and more on value for money. As consumption is upgraded and pricing rights are liberalized, old-fashioned wines such as the huts and the five-food fluids are used as the basis for the company.
In 2003, when the company launched the blue classic series, the company’s branding began to focus on the blue classic system.
Blue classics initially covered the low-middle-high-price bands with the blues of the sea (about $100), the blues of the sky (up to $300), the blues of the dream (over $300) and the blues of the sea as the core products focused on the main consumer belts, with the words, “The world's breadth is the sea, higher than the sea is the sky, bigger than the sky is the man”
After 2010, in response to rising consumption, companies began to focus on the blue series of dreams, which led to a high-end transformation strategy. Companies turned the blues of dreams into m3, m6, m9, with further breakdowns and separate positions on high-end prices.
The company's main ads turned to "China's Dream Blue," high-form advertising styled high-end brand images of dream blues, and high-end brand positioning continued to be enhanced. Core product: Sea Blue
Core product: Dreamblue, double-name wine strategy, and branding. In 2021, the Ocean River proposed a development strategy for "double-name wine, multi-brand" that defined the development path of "the Ocean River, the Trench, the Precious Liquor as the company's three core growth poles."
In the past, the company’s high focus on the Blue River Classic series has led to a sharp decline in branding of excellent wines, such as these, which, under a two-name wine strategy, benefit from a deep wine gene, and its rebirth is expected to be the second largest growth in the company.
Strategic: After the complete acquisition of the two-circle liquor industry in 2011, the desired effect of “1+1>2” was not achieved, the brand did not work together effectively, marketing did not complement each other, and the strategic “light and ocean” damaged the brand. In 2021, the company proposed a two-name alcohol strategy, making it clear that the development of the two-crowd is also “development of the ocean”.
On the strategic implementation path, it is proposed that “brands are high and high quality; products are refined and structured upwards; markets are well-developed and channels are flat; details are guaranteed, management is good” and that the target path of the 10 billion two ditches is clear.
The Ministry of Markets, Marketing and Integrated Department will independently operate the production, marketing and financial management of the two ditches, and their branding will become more professional, flexible and efficient; and, secondly, the regional organization of the two ditch sales company will operate independently, creating an independent, professional marketing army and contributing to the nationalization strategy of the two ditches.
To date, the Yoo River has become the only Chinese brand with two Chinese brands in the white industry, two Chinese brands, two Chinese brand names: Yoo River, two trenches, Blue Classic, Precious, Dream Blue, and Su. The rich brand series constitutes a powerful brand power, which will continue to grow in influence with the revival of famous wines like the two.
Companies dance long-sleeved on marketing, build blue oceans on all sides in a way that connects on-line and below-line, and 3D build high-end brand images of companies. Companies aim to maximize their communication rates on advertising, using full-scale coverage as a principle, and are therefore rich and diverse online in marketing forms.
On-line, through the cctv full-time, column ads, special event sponsorships, the blue charms are integrated into the big view, with a strong view of coverage and credibility, and the brand image of the company continues to be elevated. On-line, through the title of the star concert, major events, etc., the opportunity to meet the consumer is increased and the white wine market continues to be blue in action.
Table 7: Some companies target marketing events for new generations of consumers with high marketing inputs and rising brand values. Since 2016, companies have increased their cost inputs to upgrade brand power, marketing costs and advertising costs.
The amount of investment continues to increase, and marketing activities, such as sponsorship of events, title of programmes, and high-visibility advertising, with advertising and promotional costs rising from 44 per cent in 2016 to 59 per cent in 2022h1. Through multidimensional campaigns, the influence of the ocean river's brands has increased, brand values have risen, and Chinese brand values have risen, according to the Chinese Liquor Value ranking published by the Chinese Cup.
The brand value of the river jumped from 63.2 billion in 2015 to 2006 billion in 2021, standing at the top three in the white wine industry. 3.2 At the end of the product: a full product matrix, full price coverage.
The company’s strong focus on core monoliths such as m6+, crystal version m3 has been effectively enhanced. The two-channel brand, which is active in the empty price slots of the Ocean River brand, complements the ocean river series on the price matrix, and the company’s price system has been further improved.
Products such as the blue-dreaming manual class, m9 and the like continue to expand the price belt upwards, and to lead in an orderly manner in the upgrading of the product structure, with a strong capacity for product development, a constant increase in the ton price and a growing profitability. 3.2.1 Implementation of a two-name alcohol strategy, with full price coverage
The company has three core brands: Ocean River, Trench, Liquor, and the price of the product is clearly differentiated, effectively covering the market ' s main price belt. Ocean River brands include the blue classic, the ocean river ' s big beverages, the micromolecular series, and the blue classic is the company ' s core product series, with the dream blue being the company ' s core driving force of high-end.
The two-channel brands cover high-end, the Treasure Room series covers sub-high-end and mid-ends, effectively filling the price slots of the blue classics; the expensive brand is the sauce and perfume, which is an important complement to the company’s fragrance. Moving forward with the big one-size strategy, keeping the focus on core products.
Super-high-end, branding as a high-end trio that keeps up the brand image of the company as a whole. m6+ brand power and channel power in sub-high-end price bands, highly competitive markets, corporate ambition to build m6+ into 10 billion-grade monolithics, and m6+ brand influence to drive corporate brand power.
One-size-fits-all, brand-building, and the effective promotion of a soft-sweet culture of consumption, as well as the development of other product lines. The upgrading and continued growth of the dream series has become the core driver of high-end, deep nationalization of companies.
With a strong competitive edge across the country, channel profits are around $100, strong brand power, high-quality production, high-quality thrust, and a successful upgrading of m6+ injects strong growth dynamics into the company. In 2021, 10 billion monoliths with clear strategic objectives and clear pathways.
The strong recovery of the dream series, driven by m6+, crystal version m3, has become a central driver of corporate growth. A double-name drinking strategy has been implemented, with deep power.
The advantage of the two brands is to build a well-structured product matrix for the company and form a well-defined system of prices. The river takes full advantage of its brand power over sub-high core prices, takes advantage of the consumer's mind, strengthens the company's image of brand names; and the bi-channels continue to promote the revival of brand names, replenishs secondary, middle-end blank price bands, and increases the company's market value.
The Ocean River Series: The Ocean River Series takes second-high core prices, the product price system is well structured, and the overall competitive advantage is prominent as the core driving force of high-end, nationalization of companies, specifically:
Product hierarchy is clear and mutually supportive: based on the blue classics, product structure is clear, with manual classes, m9 being high-end image products that can effectively lift up the brand image; m6+, Crystal Dream Blue is sub-high core large, single, absorbing high-end consumption demand and sub-high-end consumption, is a profit-contribution product: Sea Sky Series and Ocean
The main consumer price belt of the river ' s Quake series has been able to effectively increase its soft and flavour-like audience, the Tarky product. Prices are accurate and effective: the ocean basin core products have precisely occupied each of the priority price bands, m6+ as a subhigh core large single item, focusing on 700-dollar empty spaces, and business consumption in the province has been reduced to 600-800-dollar prices.
As brands and channels continue to grow, the ocean stream has gained prominence in the prices of the Xinjiangsu market.
The two-trenched series: the two-trenched series effectively fills the gap in the ocean river series, raises the company’s market share, and transforms the revival of the two-trenched goods into a new growth pole for the company. Positive change initiatives: strategic implementation of four major changes – “name wine, nationalization, modelization, and organization.”
(b) Outside the province, the focus is on markets such as the Bodang River, Shandong, and the promotion of nationalization.
Rigid layout offers: top-drinks, green sulka over a thousand-bit price, filling the price gap between m6+ and m9 and pulling up the brand image of the high-trenches; two-chul Trench Treasure House series, Ti-Fou, Holy-Fuest, Kwan-Pun, each of the lower-end core consumer price bands, effectively replenishing the price gap by $500, $200, $100, and expanding the public price range.
High-end leads to higher growth: companies adhere to high-end brand-led strategies, engage in high-profile branding campaigns, and effectively drive brands to grow rapidly. 2021h1 topsup wines grow by 22%, greens grow by 74%, and brands become more powerful.
On the whole, the Ocean River + Twin Trench branding strategy is accelerating, and a two-channel rejuvenation is expected to form the second growth pole of the company.
In 2016, the company started to clothe sauce, which is an important addition to the fragrance, and enriched the company’s product lines. The flavour is located at the Chinese Salvatore, Guizhou, with two bases, covering 300 acres of land, and more than 1,000 employees, with a yearly production of 7,000 tons of high-quality national fragrance wine, with a storage capacity of 28,000 tons.
The company has a brewing base in the core production of soy sauce (on the side of the river in the town of Chutai): the Precious Liquor Industry in the town of Maotai, Guizhou, Inc. The layout of the wine, which enriches the fragrance, expands the product line, and expands the capacity of the company, and the rapid growth of the wine also constitutes an important growth pole in the ocean.
3.2.2 Products have a strong capacity to nurture and lead product upgrading in an orderly manner The product structure has been steadily upgraded and the company’s tonnage prices have continued to rise. Since 2015, with the rise in public consumption and the continued upswing in consumption, companies have been moving ahead with the upgrading of product structure, rising tonnage prices and increasing profitability.
In the context of rising consumption trends, companies focus more resources on the Dream Blue Series, which accounts for 10% of the core driving force of the dream blue harvest in 2015. Driven by the continued upgrading of the product structure, the average ton price of the company was raised from $67,000 per ton in 2014 for continuous product cultivation and orderly product upgrading.
In 2009, the dream blue series of fissions did not change substantially, the channel price was transparent, the end thrust was weak, and the company’s harvest fell between 2018 and 2020. M6+ of November 2019, the dream of November 2020.
In March 2022, the Blue Crystal was placed on the market in a manual class, with a smoother product exchange, a more rational product structure, a more comprehensive price belt coverage and a significant increase in end thrust.
The company adheres to a market-oriented and competitive approach, building a "2+5+10" product-driven layout around a high-end, brand-based development strategy. Focusing on the sea-dreaming monolith, implementing a high-end "one-hand project" , 715 sku clean-ups were completed in 2021, and product planning became clearer.
We continue to deepen the soft-quality revolution, and the quality of our products continues to rise. No effort has been spared to advance the soft-quality revolution, the original wine has increased significantly, and we have succeeded in building a dream of the blue crystal, the Treasure Treasure family seal, and so on. The ocean is crowded with 10 research and development platforms and 34 national wine masters, 78 provincial wine tasers, and 1,861 technologists, making up China.
The top white wine technology “Dream Teams” covered the top 10 in the 5th National Wine Winner Competition and led the four National Wine Winners, leading the tech power industry. The company’s high-level, experienced and large research and development team is the quality of the product, the quality of which is consistently uplifted, and the quality of the product that sustains the company’s production continues to grow.
3.3 At the end of the pipeline: reshaping the marketing system and optimizing the market layout
On the basis of optimized channel structures, the channels are fine-tuned and managed in real-time terms to capture the flow of goods along the links through digital enabling. In addition, companies optimize the management of marketing personnel, develop more scientific and effective evaluation standards, and team performance is significantly enhanced.
3.3.1 Re-engineering of the marketing system, deepening of the reform of the channel system, and improving the efficiency of its operation. In order to address the multiple problems of uneven development caused by the severe pressure on the distributors under the stock appraisal mechanism, the decline in the control of the channel under the model of deep distribution, and the focus of the sales team on the blue of the dream and its contempt for the blue of the sea,
In terms of the organizational structure, the Blue Dreams Department and the Oceanic Department will operate independently of the unpriced product lines to achieve a balanced development of the product lines; in terms of marketing systems, a separate two-trenched sales company, the Liquor Marketing Company, will operate independently of brands; and in terms of the distribution system, the “one-stop shop, multi-market match” will be used as the "one-stop shop" option.
In the area of marketing management, the main leaders of Anhui, Shanghai, Heilongjiang, Kawasaka and Hunan Region have been restructured to promote the rejuvenation of their cadres, activate channel management and improve integrated marketing management.
Under the advanced distribution model, the plant dominates, but as the number of distributors increases, the company's control of the terminal becomes weak, stock increases and price instability become difficult and difficult. Reforms based on the principle of “one-supplier, multi-supplier” have led to adjustments in the distribution structure and profit model, “one-supplier, one-supplier, one-supplier, one-supplier, one-supplier, one-supplier, and one-supplier, one-supplier, one-supplier, one-supplier.
“Commercial” means that a market must have a major vendor to secure the dominance of the company's products in the local market and assume such responsibilities as market order and price-plating; “multi-compelling” means multiple high-quality group buyers and special-sourcers. Companies have different profit models for different types of distributors, whose owners make a profit on scale and achieve economies of scale; and the majority of businesses are profiting from high Maori innovations and forming a pool.
The positive and effective adjustment has led to an effective improvement in the profits of the distributor and a significant increase in the thrust of the channel.
Numerical point: to capture the core point of the consumption escalation: supported by manufacturers and distributors, and determined by combining the resources of the Xinjiangsu market with those of the distributors.
The marketing platform has expanded rapidly, and it has been created, with the timely launch of the "522 Extremely Reduced Deep Distribution" distributors responsible for logistics and logistics.
It's a carve-out project, it's a consolidation of the internal drain, it's more expensive, it's a surge in people, it's a sharp increase in consumers.
Since the recovery of the industry in 2015, the river has continued to promote the pattern of deep distribution, with rapid market expansion and a rapid increase in the number of distributors, reaching around 10,000 by 2018.
The rapid growth in the number of dealers has been accompanied by uneven quality of distributors, competition from multiple distributors in the region has not been conducive to price stability, and the marketer system is too large to control. To address the weaknesses in the distribution system, companies have undertaken multiple dimensions of reform: Optimizing the distributioner structure: companies have responded to the mixed and variable quality of past distributors, large and small, around the following:
The principle of predominantly business, multi-contribution” has been reformed. “One business” is one major business: a region highlights a channel dealer, supports a market dealer with access, resources, financial resources, a team, slants policy resources, takes responsibility for market opening, price maintenance, etc. in the region: “Multi-business” is a variety of other channels.
The model defines the responsibilities of the distributors, clarifies the interests of the various players, optimizes the quality of the distributors, re-establishs the market order, makes the costs more focused and efficient.
In addition, the company flattens the marketing system and shortens the marketing distance between headquarters and the terminal.
The management of channels is more sophisticated and responsive to market dynamics. Optimizing the quality of distributors: the company has been optimizing the quality of distributors since 2019, exercising reasonable control over the density of distributors, reasonably configured according to the principle of “one-size-fits-all” and not pursuing unlimited fine-tuning of channels and distribution.
In 2021, 480 distributors were eliminated in the province, representing 16 per cent of total distributors in the province, 2120 distributors out of the province, accounting for 41 per cent of total distributors out of the province, and the distribution system was further optimized, the quality of distributors improved and the channels strengthened significantly.
3.3.2 digitized support for fine management, confidence-building on enhanced channels for controlling counter-price, digital enabling marketing reforms, small-program connection nodes. f2b2c model “triangularization” of shops, connecting data links to manufacturersf, distributorsb, shopb, consumersc, guiding enterprises in making better marketing decisions, and helping
In June 2020, with m6+ as the core vehicle, the ocean river launched a service platform based on micro-credit, which connects through the “one-size-fits-all” channel. The data flow from the f2b2c model has three dimensions of value: 1) accurate control of the flow of goods, precision against problems of moving; 2) real-time control of terminal sales and bottle opening data, and timely adjustment
Marketing strategy; 3) Real-time access to channel stocks, and rational design of production and marketing plans. The successful implementation of the f2b2b2c model led by the manufacturer requires the active participation of three parties:
The f2b2b2c model can be effective in solving the problem. In the f2b2c mode, manufacturers can control the dealer's inventory in real time in order to maintain a reasonable inventory of channels; in addition, the river has agreed with banks at the group level to promote the harmonization of financial flows, information flows and commodity flows through the integration of data from “orders plus payments”.
Large concentration of sales data and provision of effective financial services to distributors, easing financial pressure on distributors, and greater willingness of distributors to participate in the F2b2c model.
There are a number of facilities. Producers publish marketing campaigns through micro-credit programs, end shops are given active incentives after consumer sweeps, and end shops are more active; moreover, marketing campaigns targeting consumers are more beneficial to end-shop marketing, so that businesses can attract consumers, and end-shops are more willing to volunteer to consumers.
Consumers: The manufacturer has two-dimensional codes inside the bottle cap, and the consumer can obtain a red bag through the sweep code, for example, M6+, with a red bag of $18/28/38/1888 in the bottle cap, so that the consumer can cash the red bag; in addition, m6+ the public good has launched the Million Space Partnership Scheme, and each red bag is cleaned by the consumer, and the ocean river shares are set at each bottle.
Liquor has contributed $5 to the China Space Foundation, and consumer honour, participation and acquisition are strong enough to motivate consumer participation. Digital marketing reforms have been very effective, with 100% of distributors, 90% + terminal stores, and 80% + consumption.
By participating in the scavenging, the channels’ efficiency is actually improved by opening up links from factory to consumer. M6+, as the core vehicle for digital reform, the high growth of m6+ is also proof of the success of digital marketing reform, and efficient channel management will help to re-elevate the river.
Since 2019, in conjunction with the reform of the channel, the river has adopted a strategy of controlling the price of the market, reducing the stock of dealers, rationalizing the price of the channel, and placing new products on the market and increasing the profit margin for the end. In 2019, the company was sold poorly, with its stock in the pipeline for about 3.5 months, and its performance prevailed over the pressure on the company to reform the channel.
Effectively preventing diversions, the channel price system has been streamlined, and the channel profits have improved significantly; in addition, the dream blues6+, the dream blue crystals version, and new items such as bicreatic wines have been placed on the market and new price increases have increased the profit margin of the distributors.
Figure 66: Current stock of river distributors (in months) Figure 67: Ocean river contract liabilities and acceleration
More often than not, the distributors are responsible for borrowing money, logistics, etc., and the number of manufacturers is more demanding. In the model of the distributors, who are predominantly the “one-man, multi-manufactured”, the distributors' density is reasonably controlled and the lead party is determined according to the manufacturer's resources and resources, and the number of sellers is relatively small.
Rent, sustained optimization of the marketing team, combined with equity incentives and rising salaries, fully stimulates the team, and the team's performance continues to increase. 3.4 Deep national growth space is wide and secondary entrepreneurship is strong.
3.4.1 The brand influences the whole country, with a deep national growth space. The market in the province is firmly rooted and continues to lead the market in the Xinjiang Soo. The river is an absolute industrial leader in the province, with an absolute competitive advantage and a solid foundation that provides a solid foundation for the deep nationalization process.
The solid intra-provincial market continues to lead the construction of the New Jiangsu market, with a sustained focus on the extra-provincial market, creating a “5+2” market of scale, using the Jiangsu market as a template, using the model market as a model, gradually expanding and expanding.
The New Jiangsu market has been successfully built and has become a pan-national landscape. In 2006, the river broke out of Jiang Subu, Huadong, and in 2007, the nationalization scheme was launched. By 2011, 22 provincial markets had sold more than a billion yuan a year, with branding influence throughout the country.
Since the opening of the river in 2006, the share of out-of-provinces has steadily increased from 18 per cent in 2006 to 52.4 per cent in 2022h1, and the continued expansion of out-of-provincial markets has become a central driver of corporate growth. In 2012, the company proposed a strategy for the “Sun Jiangsu City Field” based on Jiangsu, focusing on the surrounding markets of Butang Nam, Shandong, Anhui, Zhejiang, etc., in 2014-2018.
Lu , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
With a population of 276 million people, or 19.5 per cent of the country ' s total population, the combined total of production in the three provinces is 16.4 trillion yuan, or 16.2 per cent of the country ' s total value of gdp, which is close to one fifth of the country ' s population and one sixth of the country ' s total value of gdp, is the huge consumer market, which lacks a high-quality brand name, and three provinces, which are only one of the well-listed white and white businesses in Hebei.
The large but relatively weak number of real estate brands and the low concentration of markets have also led to a national competition for wine in the three provinces.
White wine capacity: about $15 billion, major competition: Old dry, etc. Population: 96.4 million
White wine capacity: about 35 billion yuan. Population: 10.7 million people. Main competitor: nationalization.
White wine capacity: about $40 billion, famous wine, real-estate wine, etc., major competitor: national aliases.
In Shandong, public consumption remains the dominant, second-highest, and higher-end market space.
The upper end of Henan is 40% and above, and low-line cities still have much potential for upgrading, with local brands dominated by medium- and low-end, and lower-end and higher-level markets dominated by foreign brands. The markets for white wine are huge and open, and the ocean has a strong branding influence in these regions.
In Henan and Shandong, where sales amount to 3.5 billion and 2.5 billion respectively, they together account for more than half of the volume of sales outside the province of the Ocean River, Rue has become an important base market for the Ocean River. There is a deep nationalization base, and the market space is wide.
In addition to the relatively large size of the field, most are still small and open up vast spaces. After two years of reform of channels and the re-establishment of market order, the distribution system has been fundamentally improved, and a new phase of marketing has been introduced in the “one-stop shop, multi-market” model.
At the same time, taking advantage of the regional advantages of brands such as two ditches, wine and pear village, the national marketing of diagonals and wine has continued to be promoted, the overall branding of brands has been growing nationwide, the development of brands and multi-products has continued to grow in depth, and there is much room for growth.
3.4.2 The Staff Holdings Plan is well under way, providing a strong incentive for development, and new equity incentives are in place to fully activate the business dynamic. The Management Equity Incentives introduced in 2006 have been in place for a long time, there is insufficient incentives for the current core management, and in 2021, the Staff Holdings Plan was launched to address the decline in incentive effectiveness.
Equity incentives cover more than 5,000 employees, accounting for nearly one third of the company's total workforce, and cover a wide range of coverage. Stock-holding programme performance tests require: operating income in 2021 increased by not less than 15 per cent from 2020, operating income in 2022 grew by no less than 2021.
From “men’s hearts” to “men’s dreams” to “better times for you”,” the dream culture gives the ocean’s distinctive brand identity. The change in the core content of the dream culture has always revolved around the continuous upgrading of the product structure.
The fission and upgrading of the Sea Sky Dream series, to the market for new items such as dream 6+, double ravine, and craft classes, the whole process of upgrading is accompanied by a combination of quality and cultural content. The central imperative of secondary entrepreneurship is to in-depth innovation in multiple dimensions of strategy, products, channels, incentives, organization, etc., along the main lines of product upgrading, in order to open a new path to entrepreneurship.
Strategy and organization: Ocean River proposes a “12345” strategy that places the two-brand strategy of the river + two ditches at the centre, making clear that the river, the ditch, and the wine are the company’s three main growth poles. Under the leadership of the two-brand strategy, the separate operation of the two ditches and the wine marketing system provides solid institutional guarantees for their rejuvenation.
Products and channels: Under the strategic guidance of dual branding, the products of the ocean rivers and ditches are upgraded, and new items such as m6+, dream blue crystals, two ditches of wine are introduced as an opportunity to rationalize the channels, increase the profit margin and boost the power of the end. m6+ end-of-smoking single bottle profits are 40-60 dollars, compared to m6 bottles of 25-30 dollars.
The rise is remarkable: Dreamblue crystal bottle profits are 35-45 dollars, with a similar increase in profit from m3 bottles of 20-25 dollars, with a significant increase in channel thrust. Human equity incentives, with a per capita incentive of around 200,000 dollars, fully motivate business teams.
With clear goals, a clear organizational structure, a smooth and dynamic distribution channel, and incentives in place, and a dynamic core business team, the start-up of a second business is now all in place, with strong corporate growth supported by rising consumption and expanding industry.
The two ditches have a famous wine gene, and the brand rejuvenation aid is flying again. The two ditches were written by Mr. Sun Nakayama in the four main words of the "Divine Springs" , which are two high-quality brands of wine and have a strong wine gene. For the development of the two ditches, the Ocean River proposed the end of the "145" target of 10 billion dollars in sales, which now stands at around 3 to 3.5 billion dollars, close to the ocean river.
In terms of the size of the revenues of about 30 billion dollars, the growth of companies in the 14th and 5th years alone could be about 20-25%. As a major growth pole for companies, the revival of the brands of the two trenches would contribute to the re-elevation of the river.
As a result of the “one-size-fits-all, multi-business” reform, the company has more precisely invested its costs on consumers, more efficiently on sales, and as the channel reform continues to deepen, the cost of selling will be marginalized in the process of releasing the dividends of the reform. In terms of management costs, the company has taken advantage of the opportunity to provide incentives to landfall, to streamline its management functions in a comprehensive manner, to optimize its management structure, and to improve its management structure.
Incentives are effective, with management costs falling from 9.02 per cent in 2015 to 7.22 per cent in 2021. Profitability is at the forefront of the industry, and there is room for structural upgrading.
By making marketing reforms more relevant to consumers, by making marketing costs more cost-effective, by making sales costs more cost-effective and by increasing revenue, a more efficient and benign interaction can lead to a further decline in sales costs. With equity incentives, management effectiveness is further enhanced, incentives are more efficient, corporate growth dynamics are significantly up and managed at scale.
Costs are expected to decrease marginally. With the company ' s Māori ratio rising and effective regulation of the three fees, net interest rates have been significantly raised, new products have been changed, channels have been adjusted, the company ' s product structure has improved significantly, fees have been effectively regulated, roe has returned to 19.25% of 2022q3, the company ' s business quality has been reversed, and competitiveness has continued to increase.
The continued competitiveness of the good and the products will contribute effectively to the continued growth of the roe. The firm is strong, has a clear path, and its performance elasticity will continue to be released as the product structure continues to optimize and the layout of the province continues to advance. 1) The Ocean River Series, which continues to push for product structural upgrading, focuses resources on m6+ into the country’s 10 billion-dollar monolithic product, and the country’s most important one-stop shop is being created.
Motion led to a continuous expansion of 600-bit prices, taking over 600-bit dominant brand positions, projected to be m6+ Camp 2 from 2022 to 2024) the two-channel series, moving forward with the two-channel brand revival and continuing synergies between the two-crowd and ocean river brands, expected 3) to benefit from product structural upgrades, a high growth period for core products such as m6+, and the addition of the two-crowd brand revival
Table 14: The absolute valuation assumption that the ocean river has a high-quality wine gene and is currently focusing on high-end, sub-high-end and deep nationalization, and this is where it is selected.
The six companies, which are sub-optimal and pro-national in-depth in the sheath industry, the wellhouse industry, the Shanxi wine, the present world, the Guai Goon wine, and the present world are comparable valuations, on average 39 times, 31 times, and 24 times, respectively, in 2022-2024. The company’s strong leadership position and brand dominance will lead to an increase in consumption and a concentration of dividends in the wine market.
At the same time, firm reforms have been deepened, channels have increased significantly, and business has turned upwards; in addition, the company's golden period of continuous and deep product structural upgrading and nationalization has been accompanied by an increase in the Māori rate plus a reduction in the cost rate, elasticity of performance 1) the risk of recurring epidemics: the new crown epidemic has become more uncertain, and the epidemic will repeatedly dissipate consumer confidence and end-of-life.
2. Risks of a significant economic downturn: Economic development is the basis for rising consumption among the population, and macroeconomic performance is influenced by a variety of factors with high uncertainty, which will affect the pace of rising consumption once the economy falls sharply; 3) market openings or less than expected: further expansion of the off-provincial market may encounter the strength of real estate and national infamous wine
(d) Performance releases are not as high as expected if future costs are to be invested.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.