High-quality content has led to a huge increase in membership, with the new growth of the “Small Man” on the line. Date: 11/01/2021 - the performance of the Mango Supermix (300413.sz) annual report.
Mango Media Co. Ltd. has made a dramatic upturn, and quality content has led to a significant increase in advertising and membership income: in 2020, there were a number of exclusive entertainments and dramas that effectively boost membership growth.
After the heat of the year, such as " Sisters of the Wind " , the first half of the year was marked by a high-speed relay of the popular content. 1) Multimedia: The highest proportion of the Internet is made up, the number of broadcasts is up, the content is down. According to cloud data, 89% of the mango tv is made up of mengos, and the number of new self-made art is flat.
The top 10 tops hold 3 seats (single), while the rest are combined; on the number of broadcasts, only Mangotvs were able to play more effectively (9 per cent), with the remaining platforms falling by 10 to 32 per cent.
In the content category, on the basis of the original life, emotion, and reasoning, the activity of male users is increased through our team ' s rapping and listening to me in the music field, and by the age 30+user attention of sister ' s love town, such as "Showing the wind and breaking sister " .)
In the year of power, there was a sharp increase in the negative number of aircasts. In the volume, according to cloud data, there was a decrease of 21/19 per cent in the 20 years of Aichi culture, tungsten, excellent and effective aircasts, a significant 34 per cent increase in the reverse of Mangotv, and a 97 per cent increase in the number of members.
Mangotv's solo episode, "The Dear Self (upline in September)" (upline in August) "The Next Stop is Happiness" (upline in January) is divided by 4/6/7; the "Pockets" on line at the end of November is 8.4, and the bone is ranked 5th in the 12-month reading list, and is effective in drawing the attention of male users.
The above-mentioned quality content has led to a rapid growth of Mangotv members, with the number of effective Mangotv members at the end of 2020 reaching 3.61 million (30.62 per cent more than 20h1, an increase of 96.68 per cent).
Users continue to break the circle, stretch the user-paying cycle: the "Monsoon Plan" for the 12 short dramas, which is a three-quarter review of the _aaa_mongo supermagnet (300413.sz) and a series of short dramas on real issues, a single 70-minute and weekly broadcast mode. 2) The agreement is renewed with Hunan Taiwan.
The advantages of content acquisition and distribution continue: the company, at a price of 546 million yuan aaa mango supermedia (300413), locks in the sub-point evaluation report of the Hunan watch 2021-2025 quality copyright resources, and the strengths of the Hunan watch will be strong for mango content.
With a strong boost, the advantage of copyright distribution for mangos while gaining content from the Hunan Tower will be extended by aaa_mango supermedia (300413.sz) semi-annual reports. 3) An additional $4 billion will be invested in quality content development: a procurement end, with the introduction of six S-level video scripts.
Quality television shows are being introduced to enhance content competitiveness in parallel with the production end, the home-made 18 s-level polygraphs, and 11 a-level video shows.
The second growth is expected to be the “Mance” power provider, which is on schedule, and the natural content gene X Ali power provider, which is expected to become the second largest: the user base based on Mangotv and the urban, youth- and female-oriented user group, whereby the company has set up the content power provider's business, which is the subject of the “Mang” app of December 15th, 20th, 2013
At present, commodities cover a variety of product categories, such as tidal clothes, makeup, recreational food, household life, tidal waves, pets, etc., and sku is over 10,000; they are based on the lake.
Video content production and artist resources in the south have expanded to include over 500 artists, 1,000 people, and have partnered with over 20 programmes and television dramas to create official ip co-ops, and have introduced and produced 40,000 short video content. Ali’s creative investment has officially become the second largest shareholder of the company and is expected to generate small-scale growth.
Risk factors: less than expected content performance, slower membership growth, less than expected new business expansion.