"Sister 2" is on schedule, and Mango's continuous export capacity is being re-certified.
On 21 January, Mangotv announced that " Sisters on the Wave 2 " would be aired on the air on Friday, 22 January, at 12 p.m. in Mangotv (Members in advance) and at 12 p.m. on Saturdays; Hunan Mango Media Ltd.
From my sister 1 to my sister 2, the mango's ability to continue exporting the bomb was reverended: January 22nd, the second season of "Sisters with the Wind " , which, according to the first quarter, was only seven months apart.
The selection of people, the solicitation, the finalization of details of cooperation, etc., will be completed in just a few months, giving full visibility to the powerful resource link, coordination capacity and implementation efficiency of the Mangotv platform.
It's more mature, and it's expected to relive the first quarter of the year: when the first season was broadcast, with the programme's intent, the relative depth of 300 indexes, the competition of 30 sisters on the same stage, and the success of the star's heat with its own flow and topic.
The purpose has not been set in motion and has continued to increase in influence since the broadcast, and the subsequent brand sponsors have continued to increase, despite a slight decline in the later stage due to the contest, without preventing Sister from becoming a phenomenon-class feature in 2020.
The experience gained in the first season (games, clips, etc.) is expected to continue with the first season of heat.
The show will be presented on a stage-based basis, with more web-based routine +-stage clips forming, which will widen the audience level, and the “top” pollen, which is expected to guide the flow to the “net” end.
On the page, which is based on the short video content of "Sister 2", it is proposed to read "Sister-in-law" and buy "Sister-in-law", and it is expected that the programme will be transmitted to Manapp-a-aaa-mango supermedia (300413.sz) for the year after broadcast.
_aaa_Mango supermedia (300413.sz) 3-quarterly report aaa mango supermedia (300413): Risk factors: less than expected content performance, slower membership growth, less than expected new business expansion.
Qing-hoon Ha.