Investment rating: Increase (maintain) launch of content, such as "Short Sisters" derivative, The Sister's Pleasance Programme, total 4q20
Two hundred and seventy million, hot-blowing "Dance Storm Two," "Daughter's Love Two," "College Prices Compared to Deep 300 Trends" and so on, "The Little Giant Games", "The Fields of Hope" "Ideals"
Quality content drives companies to outperform expectations in the year 2020. The company has been building core strengths around content, building core competitiveness around long video.
At the same time, it takes into account social thinking and values exports, such as the hot airing of "Live's Romance Travel" and "Star Detective" and the "Big Star" and so on. As the company continues to present the new generation, it also continues to create such a program as "Sisters in the Wind."
The company is believed to have the ability to upgrade its cultural products to a cultural phenomenon, thus creating a massive mastery. With the 2021 "Sisters on the Wind" and "Brothers on the Wind" on the line, there is hope that the company’s revenues will continue to grow.) In television drama, the company went online in 2020.
In the name of the family, the next stop is Happiness, Deok-hyun, and others. Effective users have grown significantly in 2020, and are still growing as the “circle” progresses.
High-quality dramas and popular art, with the number of active members of Mangotv growing by 49.2% by the end of 2020, reaching 3.613 million. The young, female user group with high sticky + strong consumer capacity is the company's “base plate”, and the company has begun to add up gradually, considering that the consumption capacity of male users is expected to increase in the future.
In 2021, the company will launch a “circumcised” television show entitled Hunt, The Secret of Incompatibility, The Two Faces, The Inquisition of the People's Justice, etc., which is expected to drive the growth of the company's number of effective users.
1. A high-quality head content platform that embraces changes is clearly characterized by synergies in the whole chain of industry, with a small mangler expected to magnify the value of the industry. 1) In terms of production capacity, there is an advantage in content output, with companies having 12 video production teams, combat teams.
15 co-operative studios with over 1,500 members of content production, and a group of Filmmen + Explosion Teams + Top Power to launch the Mango monsoon to bring innovation to the visual industry.) With financial support, 4 billion of the additional funds proposed by the company in 2020 were used for video shows and art.
The system's eco-system, which is “intrusive, innovative, and production-size-neutral”, includes six film and video rights at the level of S, and 18 copyrights at the level of S, respectively. (3) On the basis of its operating channels, the company has acquired an Internet television content integration license, using the identity of the State-owned flagship of the media.
The company is expected to extend the industrial chain through high-value content service products such as Mandarin, which are more stringent than expected; the programme is not on line as expected; and the advertising owner is not willing to release.
• Use information on legal compliance to produce the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in the present report are from open information in the market, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.