It's an excellent product that lays the foundation for growth, and it's the future of a young man who can make a mango super-magnet (300413.sz) on 11st of 2021.
Mainly as a result of the growth in membership and advertising income, the number of active Mangotv members in late 2020 amounted to 3,613,000, a 97 per cent increase over the same period. The net return profit of 288-388 million yuan was achieved in 2020q4, a 58-113 per cent increase in the same year, a 24-43 per cent decline in the ring, or a pre-investment in the new business of Mango.
We've been able to build a closed circle of mango ecos based on the high expectations of membership growth. Based on a profit forecast for 2020-2022, we've been able to raise revenue from high-quality content, and we've been able to boost the company's advertising and membership income.
The company insists on long video as a content strategy for core competitiveness by broadcasting popular dramas such as " Secret and Great " , " Sun Under Light " , " Sister's Pleasance " , " Star Big Detective 6 " , which, according to Ye Eun data, show a total of 3 episodes of " q4 mangotv " top10, or 30 per cent;
A total of nine amphibious art displays, up to 30% of the total. The company's screenings and home-made capacity have been gradually tested, and the Acetex is constantly innovating.
The company will launch a monsoon theatre in the year 2020, with a stock of games such as Hunting, Gifts, Seaflowers, Their bracelets, focusing on the issues of doubt, family, etc., which is expected to lead to a steady increase in membership compared to the company's In-depth Report - “Video+Contection+Electrator”
Rapid growth and upgrading of arppu. In addition, the company goes on line with a small mangler, or it closes the core of a product-based, star-based, star-integrated, second-growth curve - a conglomerate of artists or a recommendation to gather traffic and use content as a means to boost user buy.
The ring, taking advantage of the company’s combined advantages in star, brand, flow resources, etc., deep-seated fan economics.
Second largest shareholder, Multi-Operational Synergy Period - Risks; uncertainty about the impact of changes in content sector policies on companies; success in electricity vendor business expansion.
The performance has increased significantly, and the new track has expanded the scope for growth.