• Mango super-motivator (300413.sz) advertising and member income increased significantly in 2020, maintaining the “buy-in” rating
The company announced a fast-track performance report for 2020, with business income expected to be $14,022 million in 2020, an increase of 12 per cent over the same period, resulting in a net profit of $1,963 million to the mother, an increase of 70 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the operation of new media platforms.
The number of active members of the magnatous tv amounts to 3,613,000, an increase of 97 per cent in the same year, and its income is expected to be 3,255 million yuan, a 92 per cent increase in the same year. In the advertising business, companies achieve branding value through the payment of their content, and the " Sisters in the Wind " advertises over 40 record clients, with advertising revenue expected to reach 4,139 million yuan, a 24 per cent increase in the same year.
In terms of the operator's operations, the company is investing in upgrading its single-provincial revenue through content innovation, and the operator's income is expected to reach $1,677 million, an increase of 32 per cent. We appreciate the company's continued ownership of content, the consolidation of long video, the central competitive advantage, and the creation of a star-carrying ecology through a small mango power provider, the construction of a mango eco-closing ring.
In 2021, there was a huge stock of content, the monsoon theatre was to be looked forward to, and Arpu was to upgrade the wide range of dramas. Mangotv had 12 film and video production teams, 30 strategic co-workshops, and it was built on its own.
In 2021, the company launched the “Monsoon Theatre” with a network of “Hunt Theatres” and a collection of “Hunting, Gifts, Sea anemones, Their bracelets,” focusing on issues such as doubt, family, etc., with a view to achieving a circle of content that will contribute to a faster growth in membership and an increase in the number of members (90 yuan in 2020).
• “Video+Contact+Electrator” blends, Xiaomeng builds a second growth curve.
"Integrator + Electricer" Deep-Integration Timetable, which is designed as a means of increasing the willingness of users to buy the Core Business Circle, will be optimized over a continuous period of time, unleashing the potential of "star power" and deeply using the strengths of Hunan Watch and Mangotv traffic, through advertising and video.
The company update report - the content of the product lays the groundwork for the introduction of the polytheistic content in the form of a small flow, deep-seated fan economic value.
Corporate Insight Report - “Video+Content+Electrator” Risks; uncertainty about the success of electricity vendor business expansion.