By the end of 2019, total assets amounted to 204,091 million yuan, a decrease of 0.82 per cent compared to the end of the previous year; net return to the mother.
● Low base + self-financed operations have increased profitability. In 2019, the company achieved a net market value of the parent ' s share (billion yuan) which is 97.87 per cent larger than the industry as a whole, except for the low base factor, self-employment, management, etc.
In 2019, the company achieved a self-employment gain of 2.222 billion yuan, an increase of 175.71 per cent, higher than industry 123.07 pct; net income from large-scale managed operations (including funds) also increased by the same time, driving the weighted average of roe back to 1.2 per cent, but remained low.
The recovery in the value of self-investment and the shift in proceeds from disposal financial instruments have led to a significant increase in investment returns. Companies’ returns have increased by 175.71% over the year, mainly as a result of a significant increase in investment returns, including the disposal of financial workers.
The gains are now $29 million, compared to $1265 million in the same period last year. Overall, the size of self-investment and the return on investment increased twice in 2019, with an increase of 12.77 per cent over the same period.
Aaaa performance fell sharply in the annual report, with a heavy delay in translation from a continuing upswing in the percentage of active managers to a better investment in ipo operations.
In this context, the net income (including funds) of the company ' s large portfolio grew by 16.33 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the 2019 corporate subsidiary ' s optical portfolio, which strengthened investment capacity and team-building, advanced farming proactive management capacity, and the orderly advancement of the overhaul of the conglomerates. By the end of 2019, the size of the company ' s active management stood at 62.39 per cent, compared with the end of 2018.
Net investment income increased by 30.46 per cent, mainly benefiting from a significant increase in the size of the ipo operations, with net revenue from disciplinary fees of $2,270 million, compared with 16.02 per cent, and below industry levels, according to wind data, expected to be mainly due to a slight decrease in the market share of brokering operations, and although sales of financial products and futures brokers are reselled
There was an increase in ease of market access, but the corresponding business income fell as a result of a decline in sales rates and fees. The fall in net corporate interest income in 2019 was mainly due to a fall in net income from the two-saling and stock pledge, with the price of the two-sliding operations falling and the continued contraction of the stock pledge, which stood at $11,537 million at the end of 2019, compared with the same period.
In 2019, the company continued to raise its projected liability of RMB 1.611 billion, resulting in a corresponding increase in the net profit of off-the-shelf expenditures, based on the best estimate of the expenditure needed by the company to meet the related current obligations and the mps buy-back agreement between the current investment-related party storm group and its actual controller, Feng Jing and Gwang Da-hyeong.
The company has now paid $750 million in interest on loans and fees, and the associated risks are being released. The company continues to undertake a comprehensive internal risk assessment.
Inspections, strengthening of vertical control over subsidiaries, including tightening of subsidiary business authorizations, strict regulation of trademarks, increased ex ante control over subsidiary business risks, enhanced risk assessment and accountability, etc., and the creation of specialized working groups to increase recovery efforts both within and outside the country, with an enhanced wind control capacity expected.
Investment proposal: The company’s net profits grew faster than the industry in 2019, mainly due to better self-employment and financial performance, and was hampered by the projected liability of $1.6 billion under the mps project, whose profitability remained low and was suppressed. However, given the firm’s strong capital and its reliance on large groups, there is still a margin of appreciation.
The company’s follow-up risk events are handled smoothly, and wind control capabilities are enhanced, with good operations in the medium to long term, and the company’s “increasing” investment rating is estimated. Risk factors: global epidemic control is not as high as expected, market volatility is too high, corporate risk events are not being addressed
Figure 2: Changes in the income structure of large securities
Figure 7: Changes in the size of PSM
Figure 10: Light Large Securities Self-Round Structure