Channel reform perspective: companies going to stock, to replenish stock, April 27, 2025 Gravity Electric (stock code: 000651)
As a result of the reform of the channels, the company is going through the inventory, the inventory is being replenished: 1) the stock-pressure model, which has been continuously reformed since 2020, was further flattened in 2024. Through 30 regional sales bureaux, over 30,000 offline points, self-built platforms, and the official flagship shops of third-party power companies, the company has been building up.
The annual net cash flow from operating activities was $29.4 billion, or 47.9 per cent, on the one hand, the revenue from sales of Kyoto and Skycats was higher, and the payback period of the Internet platform was longer than that of the under-line distributors; on the other hand, the demand for payments from companies to off-line distributors was lower than before.) In the second half of 2024, the electricity industry benefited from the replacement of old policies with new ones.
Liu Lith, q4 retail sales are increasing at a remarkable rate and generating year-round data. Ovi Clouds data, mid-2024, the country ' s total electricity (excluding 3c) retail volume was 907.1 billion, compared to 6.4%, but the Goli was committed to the channel.
Stock, 2024q3, 2024q4, gross operating income, respectively, was 15.9 per cent, -13.4 per cent, and was not matched to retail trade. (4) Since the beginning of 2025, the stock of power channels has been low and is currently in a replenishment cycle, resulting in faster growth in company revenue of 2025q1.
Increased demand for market value ratio: 1) The company ' s 2024 2025q1, with crystalline air conditioners introduced as the model of value for value for money, as a response to demand for value for money, and the increased demand for market value for money, resulting in the company ' s 2025q1 Māori rate of 27.4 per cent and the same ratio of 1.2 pct (2024q1 by 2024q1)
The new accounting standards have been adjusted). 2) Gretchen increases the net profit rate by flatening the channels and reducing the cost of sales. 3) Benefiting from the subsidy policy and the lower base of the 2024q2 industry, the industry is more active with regard to the air-conditioning delivery schedule over the next few months.
How to look at the company: 1) Intra-markets, where the value for money ratio is higher than consumer demand, companies lose some market share at the retail end. But companies benefit from flatening channels and part of the channel profits are back on the market, thus maintaining higher profitability. 2) In overseas markets, companies have little exposure to US exports and have little negative impact.
In the “cost of industry” project, the ratio of Mār. 2024h1 remains the same as in the previous accounting policy. Figure 6: Revenue from the company's consumer electrical business and the same rate of increase (half-year) (ii) Company's main financial position
China Galaxy Securities cgs China Galaxy Securities Institute China Galaxy Securities Institute
(iii) Vital subsidiary data. The company's major subsidiary, Shield, achieved revenue of $12.7 billion in 2024, i.e. +11.4 per cent and 24h1/24h2, i.e., continued to grow in the heating and air conditioning industry.
(i) Domestic air-conditioning: high internal and external sales of domestic air-conditioning in 2024 and domestic air-conditioning in 2024 were one of the cooling years. In the fourth quarter of 2024, domestic sales benefited from the stimulus provided by the State subsidy policy, which was equal to + 24 per cent throughout the year, with significant policy pull effects. For exports, 96.41 million were exported in 2024, representing an increase of 36.08 per cent, as compared with 36.08 per cent in the table.
At the beginning of 2025, air conditioners continued to grow better. Industry online data, 27.35 million units sold in air conditioners in January-March 2025, compared to 6.2% in April, May, June, and July, respectively, showed an increase of 9.1%, 15.40%, and (ii) 1q2025 air conditioners, with increased competition.
Intra-air-conditioning sales have continued to grow, and the industry is optimistic about 2q25 output. 1) The zero-sales increase has slowed down compared to the old-supplier period of 4q2024. avc retail monitoring, with 1q25 air-conditioning pushing total retail sales equal to 1.9%, respectively. Industry’s online number of quarterly air-conditioning sales is expected. The current market is subsidized by the state, and retail sales in air-conditioning were weak in April-July 2024.
Industry online data, sales of emissions increased 9.1 per cent in April, May, June and July compared to the same period in 2024, and competition on air-conditioning lines increased, but the competitive pressure from millet was slower. (1) The competitive patterns in air-conditioning markets have improved since 2023, and the general profitability of air-conditioning line 2 companies has improved significantly and is in a position to do so.
2) In 2025, the government prepared 300 billion yuan in special long-term national debt for consumer goods in exchange for the old, which is expected to support the third quarter of 2025 at the rate of subsidy consumption in 2024. In order to obtain more subsidies, air-conditioning companies have begun to compete for market shares and air-conditioning retail prices have begun to drop.
In March 2025, the average retail price under the air-conditioning line increased by a smaller margin than in September-December 2024, with an increase in the value-for-money model on the air-conditioning line and a smaller decline in the average value of the same price on the line. Efforts were made to improve the marketing structure, the value-for-product ratio declined, and the average price on the line increased significantly.
The start of the increase will be significantly slower. The China Galaxy Securities Institute (CIIS) has shown in figure 30: Share of retail sales of major brands on air-conditioning lines (one month)
Figure 29: Share of retail sales in the main retail market under the air-conditioning line (one month) Figure 31: Average retail prices under the air-conditioning line and on-line (one month) Figure 32: Growth rate of average retail prices below the air-conditioning line and on-line (one month)
Figure 33: The main retail average retail price of the retail market under the air-conditioning line (iii) 1q2025 household air-conditioning exports continue to grow at a fast pace, but US orders will be transferred to Thailand, where air-conditioning exports will decline in the near future, but more attention will need to be paid to corporate offshore production bases.
1) The export of air conditioners has continued to exceed expectations since 2024. Industry online data, +36.1%, +24.5% in 2024, and 1q25, respectively. 2) Industry online data, 4, 5, 6, due to the rapid increase in the same base and the transfer of export orders from the United States to Thailand.
In July, the output of air-conditioning exports changed from last year ' s performance by +7.50 per cent, -160 per cent, -12.00 per cent, and -16.70 per cent respectively. Given the recent significant increase in tariffs on imports of Chinese goods in the United States, we expect that actual air-conditioning exports in the coming months will be lower than the industry online forecast) and that the United States air-conditioning pipelines, of which Thailand is the main air-conditioning production base outside China and abroad, will have overseas production capacity.
Imports of United States air-conditioning-type products (sitc7415) account for 8.8% from Thailand, and we expect that most of China’s future export orders to the United States will be transferred to Thailand. United States tariff risks have some impact, but overseas supply chain construction can hedge risks for high-quality listed companies. Figure 37: Growth of exports from major domestic air-conditioning brands (25q1)
(iv) Central AC sales are under pressure, but exports continue to grow; Central AC sales are subject to continued low real estate markets and a slowdown in the pace of industrial investment. Industry online data, Central AC sales in 2024, $121.5 billion, a decline of 3.8 per cent compared to the previous year, is mainly due to the continuing slump in the real estate market, the slower pace of industrial investment, and the centralization
In January-February 2025, the central air conditioner sold 18.9 billion yuan, an increase of 5.7% over the same period, and there has been a recovery in domestic sales. China’s enterprises have become more competitive globally, and their share has led to a better growth in exports in recent years.
On April 2, 2025, the National Development Reform Commission, among others, issued a joint publication.
The Action Programme for the Promotion of Quality Development in the Heat Pump Industry, with policy emphasis on the application of heat pumps in priority areas such as domestic construction, industry, agriculture, transport, proposes a 20 per cent or more increase in energy efficiency in priority heat pump products by 2030, with breakthroughs in core technologies such as high-temperature heat pumps, high-efficiency compressors, and new refrigerants. According to industry online data, sales in heat pumps in 2024 amounted to $14.4 billion, or 0.4 per cent more;
Looking forward to the 11.9 per cent increase in the same year for monthly heat pump exports, it is expected to continue to improve with the resumption of subsidies in some European countries. Figure 43: Intra-heat pump sales, size of exports (annual) Figure 44: Intra-heat pump sales, same scale increase in exports (annual)
Figure 45: Intra-heat pump sales, size of exports (monthly) Figure 46: Intra-heat pump sales, same-scale export acceleration (monthly) levels of dividends, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.