Heung Swe Pharmaceuticals (600276) has excellent clinical data and is expected to speed up approval for the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Events: The company's subsidiary, Shanghai Heung-si, recently completed the ii clinical trial of the Maratonic Cartoni, and made public the clinical data of the Motor Dene. The results were excellent, and the clinical data were much better than expected. After a long follow-up and follow-up, the company announced that it would do so.
In a clinical trial for breast cancer patients who have failed to treat hysteria- and violet-based drugs and who do not have 2 lines of re-emerging/transferary chemotherapy treatment, the objective mitigation rate for the delta is 78.5%, and the objective mitigation rate for the Rapatoni group is 57.1%.
The Pythonite group increased by about 21 per cent; the Pfs in the middle of the Pythonite group was 18.1 months, the pfs in the Rapatoni group were 7.0 months, and the Pfs bilapatoni group was significantly extended beyond the Rapatoni group by 159 per cent: the Pythonite group was advanced by the patient or by comparison with the Rapatoni group.
The risk of death has declined by 63.7%, and the patient’s efficacy has been improved, with good tolerance. It is expected to become the country’s breast cancer molecule target for the treatment of heavy pounds.
(tykerb,gsk) and comenagoni (nerlynx, puma). Rapadeni was listed in 2007 in 2007 and was approved by fda in July 2017, with no sales data, and has not yet been declared in the country.
In the near future, it is expected that the market will be accelerated through clinical data verification. It is expected that Pedagogic data verification will take place in December, with a high probability of approval in the first half of 2018, or that it will be the first in the company’s history and the second in the country.
An innovative drug that has been approved with clinical data for the hysteria period. Her 2-positive breast cancer will be used as an adaptation in the early days of the market and will be gradually extended to adaptive conditions such as lung cancer and stomach cancer. The domestic market is expected to break 3 billion yuan and become a super-pound innovative pharmaceutical product for companies.
We're firmly convinced of the company's future role as a leader in the domestic pharmaceutical industry, and the constant strength of the strong is becoming increasingly apparent. In recent years, there will be a number of heavy-pound species to be approved, drawn out of the stove, and high-price enforcement will show confidence.
4. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Super-Importation Caltini, expected to be on the market earlier (2017-08-25) Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Apateni's new entry into the country
6. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Dyfluramid is listed in the EU and the pace of preparations exports (2017-07-17) has not been, is not and will not receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.