The performance rate has risen, and the advantage of the leadership has been highlighted.
On 19 October, the company issued a three-quarterly report, which we took note of. The three-quarters report increased its performance, and the Māori rate and period cost rate remained stable.
21.81 per cent net profit of 2.3228 billion yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies, up from three quarters of growth, with a quarterly upswing in performance, which we believe is mainly due to the stability of the company's oncology product line (201.703)
The number of points where fixed growth, anaesthesia and photolines have been growing at a relatively rapid rate, and the speed with which preparations have been exported has increased at a financial cost of -0.42 per cent, an increase of 1.01 percentage points over the same period last year, mainly due to lower interest on bank deposits and the effect of exchange rate movements.
The preparations export business became a new profit growth point for the company, and after products such as heptafluoroane and cyclophosphamide were listed overseas this year, the company Aquiku ammonium and Dosita were approved for listing in the United States.
Karpofin has been approved for listing in the United Kingdom and Germany, and ground-based HFCs in the United Kingdom, Germany and the Netherlands.
In the area of internationalization of innovative drugs, products such as shr-1316 injection fluids, shrr-a1403 injection fluids, shr9146 and shr8554 are allowed to conduct clinical trials overseas.
The pace of market entry has accelerated, Apadeni has entered the health-care catalogue, companies have continued to invest more in research and development of innovative medicines, and there has been an increase in the number of clinical applications for innovative medicines every year, and every two to three years there has been a positive development in the availability of innovative medicines.
The innovative cure for breast cancer is the successful outcome of the clinical trial in Caldoni, which has been submitted for production in the second phase of clinical data and has been reviewed on a priority basis. The listing process will accelerate and is expected to be approved in 2018 as another heavy load of innovative medicine after Apadoni.
The company, as the leader of the country’s innovation drug, is now in the harvest of the innovation drug. The company’s stomach cancer target is negotiated into the health-care catalogue of the drug Apateni, and will be sold in the future.
It is expected to increase significantly. In addition, k19, platinum violet ol, etc., enter a priority review channel, with corporate risks including, but not limited to, the risk of failure in R & D, the risk of price reduction for medicines, patent risks, and policy risks.
In the context of the growing concentration of the pharmaceutical industry, which is the leading industry in the development and production of domestic innovations, which is in the harvest period, the emergence of innovative medicines as a new profit growth point for the company, the industry has a strong and persistent advantage. We look forward to the future development of the company and keep it up.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.