Heung Swe medicine (600276.sh) continues to grow faster and the returns on research and development are getting closer than we expected.
The growth of profits in revenue growth continued to increase by RMB 10.7 billion in operating income in the 1-3 quarter of the year (RMK 21.8 per cent in the same year, net profit attributable to shareholders: RMB 2.33 billion in the same year, 20.7 per cent in the same year, net profit of the company after deducting non-recurring gains and losses: 2.326 billion in the same year.
A dollar, 20.11% more than the same year. The company has earned $3.72 billion in operating income in the last three quarters, belonging to the parent company's net profit.
In our view, the growth in corporate income and profits has accelerated as a result of: 1) Apadeni sales continue to grow at a high rate. Apadeni was negotiated in July as a national health provider, and we're looking at the company's ability to make it work.
First Apadeni will achieve a rapid increase in sales on a price-for-price basis, with sales revenue projected to remain above 30% for the first three quarters of the year compared to new varieties, such as iodized sarcophagus, in the area of cinematography. (4) Overseas cyclophosphate amphetamine
Sales have been growing steadily, and new and approved varieties like heptafluoroalkane have started to contribute to income. The company’s rising income and net profits have continued to accelerate since the fourth quarter of 16 years (figures 1 and 2), and we believe that this shows that the company’s innovation medicine, both in terms of sales volume and distribution structure, has performed better than it did in the same period last year.
During the reporting period, the company’s heavy-pound varieties, the dichotomy dichotomy, applied for a priority review by the National Pharmacy Authority (cfda).
Clinical trials for late stomach cancer are at an early stage. The public data show that Pythonite showed significant superiority in clinical trials of ii relative to the head-to-head of Rapatoni. We expect that the range of his adaptive condition is likely to expand one step further, with more than 10 billion market space. In the current context of cfda support for the innovation drug, we believe that it is the product.
They are expected to be approved in the first half of 18th year as a further pound of the Apadaloni stick. In addition, the company reported on clinical developments during the reporting period in a range of anti-cancer, anti-addictory, anti-addictant, anti-alcoholic, anti-septic, anti-septic, immuno-immunological, and so on.
In the former environment of encouraging innovation, the company’s high-quality research and development power is about to yield a high return. Overseas reports are high, and preparations are being exported as a ladder.
Dutch listing permits. Bloomberg data show a 15.2 per cent increase in the overseas income ring of cyclophosphate in August, and we expect that heptafluoroalkane, which has been approved for 14 years, will also gradually make an income contribution in Europe, and that corporate preparations in the oncology and anaesthesia fields have become product ladders.
Fields are competitive, with a variety of cash cattle, such as Apadeni, Right America, and so on, in the study of varieties of needles, Cho Ying Yi, the need for clinical rigidity, the market space and the synergy with existing pipelines when they are marketed, and the ability to make quick realizations.
In addition, there is a growing variety of approved products for export, and more overseas sales are about to become an important driving force in the company’s future performance. We believe that companies with excellent product line layouts and high-quality assets are entitled to a certain amount of income per month and an increase in the ratio (million yuan) in figure 1.
Figure 2: Company single-quarter net profits and the same rate of increase (million yuan)
Long end medicine (600276.sh) is a large, more powerful drug company in the country, with significant advantages in areas such as R & D, production, marketing, etc. The company’s revenue collection is an important driver of growth.
Silver International, on the 10th floor of the Vanji Building, 68th in Hong Kong.