A restricted stock incentive scheme with high performance commitments, Jodunji, Xiaoyang.
The company announces the restrictive stock incentive scheme (draft) for 2017, which is intended to target the incentives, introduce a restrictive equity incentive scheme with robust performance commitments, and highlight the ambition of the company to develop.
To improve the incentive mechanisms for corporate directors, senior managers, middle-level managers and core technical staff, cadres of business personnel and key job holders to fully motivate them, while also enabling the attraction and retention of excellent managerial and technical (operational) cadres to meet firm-to-core skills
The high demand for talent and managerial talent further stimulates innovation in the company. 1. The range of incentives awarded for the first time is wide. 3.78 per cent of the total of 15,152 employees on 30th of the month, stimulating middle-level managers and core skills.
A total of 555 members of the executives and cadres have helped to increase the motivation of the grass-roots staff, and to increase competition in the company ' s product lines.
Commentary: Capofin was granted a net grant in the United Kingdom, the incentive is valid for 48 months, and restricted shares awarded to the recipient are subject to different sales limits of 12 months, 24 months and 36 months, respectively.
The net profit from the discounting of current cost amortization attributable to shareholders of listed companies, net profit from the deduction of non-recurring gains and losses, increased by no less than 20 per cent, 42 per cent and 67 per cent, respectively, and a compound increase of 18.64 per cent over the next three years, demonstrating the company ' s interest in its own business.
A total of $15.96.8 million in equity shares and $53,045.70 in funds raised, which the fund company plans to spend on all three, profit projections and investment proposals:
So we maintain a “buy-in” rating. Company bidding for pharmaceuticals is lower than expected; approval of medicines is less advanced than expected; research and development pipelines are less advanced than expected; preparations are exported.