Heung Swe Medicine (600276) is performing as expected, and the development of large varieties has broken through the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Events: 3-quarter reports issued by the company in 2017, with net returns and returns in the first three quarters amounting to $10.70 billion and $2.33 billion, respectively, increasing at 21.8 per cent and 20.7 per cent respectively; net profits and net profits after deductions have increased at a steady pace and performance in line with expectations. The growth in corporate income and performance in the first three quarters was largely in line with market forecasts.
During the period, 2017q3, the company realized a net profit on income and maternity of $37.2 billion and $750 million, respectively, which increased at the same rate, driven by the strong growth of varieties such as Metomy, iodine gsalol, etc., 2017q3, the highest income in the previous three quarters, with many new types of national health insurance, became a new point of growth.
He's waiting for a list of new products: Apadeni entered the first list of health-care negotiations and successfully entered the national health-care system. Era Schebb, the company's first 1.1-type new drug approved, has been sold since the market, and is expected to be released quickly after entering the health-care system, amounting to $500 million over the next three years.
After the first health-care negotiations, it entered the national health-care catalogue, and since it was marketed in 2015, the species has advanced rapidly and continuously, with a breakthrough in heavy-pound varieties. The company’s lines of research and development have moved in an orderly way, with some of the major varieties moving well beyond market expectations.
The company is about to enter the harvest of innovative drugs, and heavy-pound products such as sulfur Pephistin (19k), thiolydeni, violet sapiens (the protein combination) and violet sapiens (the platinum combination) are already in progress.
We have a strong view of the company’s future leadership in the domestic pharmaceutical industry, and the strong’s persistent effects are becoming increasingly evident, with many heavy-pound varieties to be approved in recent years.
2. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Super-Importation Caltini, expected to be on the market earlier (2017-08-25) 3. Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Apateni's new entry into the country
4. Henry Medicines (600276): Dyfluoride EU marketed with accelerated pace of formulation exports (2017-07-17) Henish Medicines (600276) LbP type of purple saline
The priority review, which is expected to be approved in the first instance (2017-06-26), will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.