Three-quarterly reports match expectations, and national and international R & D innovations hit the city.
Heung Swe Pharmaceuticals published three-quarter reports in 2017, which collected $1066 million in the first three quarters of 2017, accelerated growth and sustained profitability in the third quarter of 2017.
The company collected $1066 million in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 21.81 per cent in the same year, an increase of 22.76 per cent in the parent year, and a substantial continuation of the steady growth rate of recent years.
2. Heung Swe Medicine (600276) incident point: Capoven was approved in the United Kingdom.
2. The company ' s product structure has diversified and continues to strengthen its products in the fields of anaesthesia, photography, etc. The company started with oncology drugs, which accounted for 43 per cent of its total income in 2016, and a unique situation of anticancer medicines has been gradually changing over the years.
According to sample hospital data, the company's right-hand metomic drug is the highest-selling product in the sample hospital, while mythological drugs such as ammonium benzulfomide, ammonium iodide, iodized gram salol, and cinematography are also an important part of the company's sales.
The product structure optimization skills enhance development potential, while reducing the risk of a single product class. 3. Accumulation ammonanda has been approved to upgrade its overseas operating space, giving priority to the evaluation of class formation ladders to show the vanity of the class. The company's application for a brief new drug (anda) for the sulfonium sulfonic ammonium injection drug, which was declared to fda in September, has been approved.
At present, the U.S. marketed “nimbex” of the same type of product is sold in the U.S. by the U.S. at US$ 51 million a year, and China at US$ 172 million, and the company's cumulative investment in the US$ 12 million is a major breakthrough overseas, and it's well-known in the country.
The company is currently entering the list of 14 products for the priority review list, which is located in the country. Pyrotinib is a 1.1 type of egfr/her2 inhibitor developed autonomously by Heng Swe for the treatment of her 2-yang.
Sexually transmitted breast cancer, her2 mutation of late non-small cell lung cancer, and her2 expression of positive end-stage stomach cancer. Horizontally, Her2 first-line treatment drug Hersettine sold in 2016 amounted to 6.78 billion Swiss francs and remained on the rise for many years.
So we maintain the “buy-in” rating. Corporate bidding for pharmaceuticals is below expectations; approval of medicines is less advanced than expected; research and development pipelines are less advanced than expected; preparations are exported.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board