I'm reporting a six-month review.
The q2 rebound is faster, and subsequent growth is expected q1 is expected to decline in the impact of the epidemic, q2 is expected to recover, and growth is expected in the second half of the year.
The impact of the epidemic and the new energy acquisition subsidies in the first half of last year was higher than in the second half, with revenue from the 2020h1 car and related product operations falling by 32.72 billion yuan, or 5.62 per cent, as compared to the same year. Currently, car sales are warming, new energy cars are on a monthly upward trend, and profits are expected to increase substantially in the second half of the year.
Market data: August 28, 2020 and assembly operations, benefiting from tele-office demand from a new coronary pneumonia epidemic, with cellular components and groups earning $8.57 billion, contributing more to the company ' s profits in the first half of the year.
The new model is heavily marketed, expanding the market in high-end areas. In the first half of the 2000s, applications of blade batteries were released with a market value (billions): the technology's flagship vehicle, Biadehan, sold in July, was 1205 vehicles, and it is worth noting that sales have risen.
In addition, in the second half of the year, the company will gradually introduce the new model Songplus and the changed model Tang, e2 and e3, basic data: the sales of Songpro, launched on June 30, 2020, have continued to increase in reverse fuel traffic in the first half of the year.
Continuous technological innovation, new mix and progressive use of blade batteries. In the area of system integration, companies push \triangleright out of dm4.0 to reduce the cost of hybrid vehicles. In the area of batteries, companies launch blade power.
In the area of fuel cars, the company expects to launch a new generation of 1.5t high-power engines in the second half of the year. Sustained output from research and development will become the core competitiveness of future companies.
The House meeting established a two-year extension of the new energy vehicle acquisition subsidy and exemption from the acquisition tax policy, which, while not contributing to a rapid increase in the sale of new energy vehicles in the short term, improved the competitiveness of new energy vehicles during the subsidy period.
Biadi has demonstrated a strong presence from technology to the market, and is expected to collect better in the second half of the year than in the same period last year, as new models continue to be published in Beijing, with a month-by-month increase in sales to China and China, 28 West Park and New Energy.
7th floor, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. sells new energy cars less than expected; macroeconomic downfalls persist; and the epidemic continues.
\triangleright, independent and objective. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.
The information in question serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.