Performance meets expectations and high growth will continue - 2020h1 performance ratings meet expectations and q2 will grow significantly over the same period
Overall performance is close to the average forecast in the quarterly report and is in line with expectations: in 20h1 the company achieved revenue, net profit for the mother, net profit for the leaching, deductions and net profit for the mother, 605, 16.6, 920 million yuan, compared to 2.7 per cent, +14.2 per cent and increase in the Māori rate for cellular parts and assembly, and the mask contributes positively.
The improvement in the company's Māori ratio in the first half of the year was mainly due to: 1) mobile phone operations such as 5g smartphones are complex, gross interest rates have risen, glass operations have doubled, size has expanded and productivity has increased.
The Māori rate for machine parts processing has improved; 2) New masks were sold in the first half of the year and Māori rates were higher. According to our calculations, 20h1 subsidiary Biadi's electronic sales to the company are expected to be about $8.6 billion, Māori is expected to be around 28 per cent, and higher levels are projected for corporate masks and Māori rates for external sales.
In the area of motor vehicles, domestic car sales in the first six months of the year ranged from 17% to 17%, fuel cars “Sonpro” continued to be sold, showing good performance, and fuel fuel vehicle operations grew. In terms of the pace of the new type of vehicle, the company invested more in the new type of energy in the second half of the year.
New technologies such as blade batteries, dm4.0 hybrid systems, and a new generation of 1.5t high-power motors to boost new vehicle-type technology and enhance product competitiveness. Mobile phone parts and assembly operations, 5g mobile phones have become new growth points in the market, with 63.6 million deliveries in the first half of the year.
At the same time, the company works well and continuously increases its share in North America’s major clients, and has successfully imported glass structures, while at the same time building up its assembly capacity to prepare for a large number of deliveries in the second half of the year.
Due to the multiple benefits of automobiles and orbital transportation, cellular parts and assembly and the production of quarantine materials, companies are the lead in new energy vehicles, with deep technological accumulations and improved product layouts, and are highly divided into related operations, seeking external supplies. We expect the net return profit from 2020-2022 to 20, 2022, respectively.
79, 50 times as high as the `highly recommended' rating.
BLACK HAIR 2020-04-21 Open curtain formally opened, Unlimited potential released in an orderly manner 2020-04-14