A negative growth in the performance of alternative car and car parts, e Platform+ Battery drops will hit the subsidy downside: the company released 60,503 million dollars in the first half of 2020, compared to the next half of the year.
q3 is expected to improve further with the negative growth in new energy sales. In the first half of 2020, industry and companies experienced a significant decline in new energy sales as a result of the epidemic and the contraction of the public market, with 393,000 new energy vehicles sold, a 37.4 per cent decline in the same year.
As a result of the company’s export earnings from overseas masks, batteries and power-drive systems have increased their performance in reverse. It is expected that the start of the three-quarter period with the start of a downward trend in the sale of new energy vehicles will be positive, while costs will be further optimized, and the sale of explosives will be expected to pick up, while hands will be expected.
The production of machine parts and masks is also expected to yield positive returns, and performance is expected to improve continuously.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) The new product of the pool, "Han" is on the market. It has a high performance, full orders, followed by a 12-month maximum/minimum product.
With the introduction of a new generation of hybrid systems, the volume of hybrid car sales is expected to return to a strong position. And after years of technological build-up, Biadi (002594).
And research and development, and the company ' s new generation of blade battery products with an advantage in safety and cost. Batteries and vehicle models ready for launch - 2020/04/28, with a clear high volume relative energy density, solves the problem of phosphate lithium batteries in vehicles.
Biyadi (002594). Subsidized slopes affect the continuation of short-term industry configurations. A new generation of battery products now interacts with most companies. Performance, new energy poles.
More external clients are expected to expand in the future. Biadei (002594), "The Downside of Markets and Subsidized Downside e Platform + Blade Battery Downfall will ease the downside of subsidies, and the strategic position of new energy vehicles will remain unchanged.
The platform will further enhance the integration of power-driven systems while the system is expected to be available to the outside world -- 2019/10/29.
A further reduction in costs and a build-up of blade batteries would significantly reduce subsidies. At the same time, subsidies for new energy purchases would be extended to cover a further two years from the original level, while also subsidizing the downside, making it easier for companies to respond to policy changes ahead of time.
The long-term trend has been consistent, with companies gaining significant advantages as domestic champions of new energy vehicles, core technologies and production industries, a well-developed whole-of-the-industry chain, and the prospect of sustained growth in the new energy vehicle industry ... further strengthening its advantages.
Investment proposals: The company, as a leader in the new energy vehicle sector, has a long-term good market profile, accumulation of markers and technologies, an outbreak and contraction of public business, and a certain decline in the short- and long-term sales of new energy vehicles, but the trend towards gradual penetration of new energy vehicles in the medium and long-term and replacement of some fuel trucks remains unchanged.
The advantage in the area of energy vehicles is expected to continue, with a “buy-in” rating.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.