The company published its annual report for 2019. During the reporting period, the company achieved a gross operating income of $21.509 billion.
South Mountain Group Limited, net non-mother ' s profit of $1,448 million, an increase of 5.51 per cent over the same period; ps. 0.14/equity equivalent.
In 2019, the company adjusted its product marketing structure to meet market demand, increased the volume of high-value-added chillers, reduced the volume of low-value-added heat rolls sold at the middle end to self-service, and increased the volume of coolers sold compared to the previous year.
Market value of circulationa shares (millions of yuan) 18.33 per cent; at the same time, the company actively developed aluminium alloys for high-end areas such as aviation, automobiles, squeezed materials and deep-processed parts and components, resulting in an increase of 5.08 per cent in external sales of fueled material products
The relative depth of the shares is 300 indexes, which accelerates the growth of the company’s overall operating income and profits.
There has also been a significant increase of 66.80 per cent and 520.30 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous year, and a number of projects have been fully advanced and businesses are growing: the company is building a 1 million-ton aluminium oxide project in the Bointany Mountain Industrial Park in Indonesia to achieve a lower-cost expansion of aluminium oxide production capacity and resources.
Reserves are expected to increase; there are three projects under construction of aerospace high-resilient high-end aluminium alloy production lines, car light-quantified aluminium band production lines, high-performance high-end aluminum production lines, leading to quality upgrading and structural optimization of downstream high-end products and enhancing enterprise competitiveness.
High-quality products and customers, robust high-end markets: companies respond to light-weight growth trends in automobiles, collaboration with Audi, Daimler, General Services, etc., and growing sales in domestic leading mainframes such as one, upper and wider; at the same time, firms accelerate their progress towards higher value added.
In the field of the processing of air spare parts, in cooperation with the manufacture of aircraft such as Boeing, Airfarers, Mount Cao, etc., the only company in the country that can provide the aircraft with wheel products for civil aviation is the high-end product.
Wang Smin Risk factors: Aluminium prices are falling, the aluminium processing market is competitive and construction projects are slow.