South Mountain Aluminium Industries (600219) Materials and materials, product structures are being optimized and high-end strategies are continuing to break through the South Mountain Aluminium Tracking Point.
According to the Namsan Aluminium Industry Annual Report, the company achieved operating income of $21.509 billion in 2019, an increase of 6.36 per cent, and net return to mothers of $1.623 billion, an increase of 12.85 per cent.1 The product structure continues to be optimized, with a significant increase in the sale of high-value-added freezers in 2019.
The product structure continues to be optimized, high-value-added cooling board sales increased significantly, and low-end, low-value-added heat rolls were reduced to self-service. Aluminium products were sold 100% throughout the year, with a 5.08% increase in external sales of products of the same type; and heat rolls/boards were sold less than in the same year.
1.25 per cent; 18.33 per cent increase in external sales of cold rolls/board products on the same basis; 5.55 per cent decrease in external sales of aluminum products due to product composition adjustment on the same basis.
Total equity/flow (million shares) has generated an increase of 52.3% in R & D costs over the same period, with cost-effective R & D inputs increasing by 133.33% over the same period. With the gradual release of new project capacity, high-end manufacturing has continued to make a breakthrough:
Continued steady growth in the supply of airboards, motor panels, further expansion of the supply range and long-term orders for international top-class mainframe plants; cooperation with renowned manufacturers of air spare parts; Aluminium South Mountain industry (600219) " Stabilized underperformance "
For example, in the area of processing of aviation spare parts, which has a higher value added, the q4 Māori ratio is on the rise _ Nansan 3, the increase in repayments and the significant improvement in cash flow.
Aluminium Tracking Point Review -- 2019/10/29, with a significant decrease of 21.46 per cent in receivables and receivables (including receivables financing) compared to the same period, and space for an increase in aluminium prices — South Mountain Aluminium
The cash flow situation has helped businesses cope with the short-term impact of the current epidemic.4 The ongoing construction project is continuing, and the entire industry chain has been strengthened. The company Bintanan Hill, Indonesia, was fully operational by the end of 2021, and the second phase of the project has completed the infusion of equity funds.
In addition, pilot operations have begun with a project for the technical adaptation of the high-resilient high-end aluminium alloy production line in aerospace; the high-performance high-end aluminum production line project, the light-quantified aluminium band production line in automobiles are also proceeding as planned.
Investment proposals: taking into account the impact of the epidemic and combining the advantages of the company's whole chain, we're a little bit more optimized in product structure, high-end strategy continues to break through the South Mountain Aluminium Tracking Point.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.