Cash flows have improved significantly, and the “second curve” has grown faster.
Performance has improved steadily, with the “second curve” growing faster. The company achieved a net profit of $28.42 billion in 2022, an increase of 9.0 per cent over the year and an increase of 11.1 per cent, with surveying and consulting services growing faster and newer.
The amount of the contract was 27.890 million yuan, an increase of 35.7 per cent over the previous year, mainly because the company fully utilized the professional advantages and lead roles of the firms in the design plate, and managed in a rational manner.
Production factors, continuous enhancement of the design and planning advantages of roads, hydropower, water resources development and utilization, river or watershed water ecology, water environmental governance. In 2022, the company used hydropower, eco-environmental protection, clean energy, etc. as its “second track”
Lines, concentrated, large market size, and competitive advantage, reported new contracts of $301.89 billion for the second curve during the reporting period, a slight decrease in the same-year cost rate and a marked improvement in cash flow.
16.32 The main reasons for this are the increase in the size of investments in infrastructure investment projects in the financial asset model, the faster growth in recognized investment returns, and the continued strengthening of financial controls, the rational replacement of high-interest financing and the continuous decline in the average cost of financing.
The net cash flow of companies in 2022 was $43.55 billion, which was 30.482 billion in Quito. This is mainly due to the active use of the country's steady growth measures to speed up the recovery of funds, strengthen cash flow controls and work to improve the financial situation.
According to the Ministry of Commerce statistics, in 2022, our enterprises in the countries along the “one-way” route increased their contract value by $871.84 billion for new outsourcing projects.
0.8 per cent, or 51.2 per cent of our new contract for outsourcing work during the same period. In view of the trend in international infrastructure cooperation, national investment along the “one-way” route will continue to be a steady development in our outsourcing operations in the future.
At present, the company has built old and medium railways along the “one-way” route, Egypt’s 10th Ramadan light rail ab, Bangladesh’s Padma Bridge, and the pilot operation of the Javan High Iron in Indonesia22.
The contribution of offshore engineering projects to the performance of the company will be further enhanced in the course of the year with the company’s successive winners, such as the Swedish subway and the Bangladesh Digital Connectivity project. Investment proposals: Corporate consolidation is at the top of the list, in the "One Together" section.
It is expected that the company will personally commit itself in 2023 to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.