China Iron (601390.sh) Momentum Study  Business cash flow in excess of expectations huangjw@cfsc.com.cn
Performance is basically what we expect. The year-round net operating cash inflow was $43.552 billion, compared to +23.3.23 per cent, and cash flow performance was higher than expected, mainly because in 2022 companies actively took advantage of the country’s steady growth measures to speed up the recovery of funds, plus
In terms of profitability, the company sold 0.2 pct throughout the year, mainly because of the increase in raw materials prices and the decline in the real estate Maori rate.
Larger and disease control, etc., Māori ratio as the impact of the epidemic on the basics decreased throughout 2022, corporate capital operations, survey design operations, engineering equipment and zero-manufacturing operations, real estate development and other (mainly mining) business camps
The second curve will improve the profit structure,1 China ' s Central Iron (601390): the capital industry, by the end of 2022, had a new contract of $303.39 billion, a year-on-year increase.
Robust growth with rich deposits providing new 10.3 per cent; new bid of $27.890 billion for surveying design operations, increasing on a year-on-year basis; new contract of $75.19 billion for real estate, an increase of 29.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis; and other new operations
At the end of the day, the company had not completed its contract amount of $4.93 trillion, an increase of 8.5 per cent over the previous year, or 2.63 per cent, and we believe that the company's pick-up end may be able to sustain the current increase in corporate profits structural improvements in the new strategic planning enablers over a longer period of time.
The achievement of a new contract of $301,892 million, representing the proportion of the total new signing order, interest rates are higher than those of the traditional industry and will result in structural improvements in corporate profits as the volume of new projects increases, with an overall increase in the Māori ratio.
In 2022, the iron resource grew by 24,891 million yuan, an increase of 27.92 per cent in the same year, and the net return to the mother, a gain of $5,070 million, an increase of 68.65 per cent in the same year, a Māori rate of 27.04 per cent and a net gain of 30 per cent for the iron resource rue.
By the end of 2022, the company's copper and molybdenum reserves were in the vanguard of the domestic industry, with the same amount of copper and molybdenum produced in the mine as in the national industry. The copper and metal reserves stood at approximately 77,217 tons, or 2022.
27.59%. The field of downstream use of molybdenum metals is extensive and can be applied to a wide range of industries, such as photovoltaics, wind power and nuclear power, while the price of molten metal is expected to remain high due to the scarcity of its own resources.
The average monthly settlement price is $9037.5 per ton. Copper prices averaged $8759 per ton for the entire year of 2022, which is in the midst of an all-time high shock zone. Domestic downstream real estate, domestic electricity consumption demand is expected to recover over the next two years, while the Federal Reserve will slow down and increase.
We believe that companies, relying on their rich mineral resources, can fully benefit from the upswing of some of the non-ferrous industries and are expected to continue to provide new impetus to the company’s development.
(1) Capital investment has increased at a slower rate than expected; (2) macroeconomic downward pressure and construction materials group presentation
Research experience and three years of experience in building and building materials. Hua : Master of Finance, University of Gangan. Research is directed towards building and building materials and new materials.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
It is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer); the Hong Kong market is based on the consistent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.