The improvement in cash flow is evident, and the low pb attribute remains strong - China Central Iron (601390.sh) Dynamic Study  Improved cash flow return capacity and steady performance growth
Huangjw@cfsc.com.cn 0.14 pct/-0.12 pct. Cash flow, 2023 q1 operating now split operations, 202001 corporate capital construction/design consultancy/equipment manufacturing/ground
q1 net profit growth is at a low level among the eight major construction firms, mainly due to: 1) credit impairment losses increase by 290 million on a year-on-year basis; 2) other operations (mining operations) are lower than expected and other major metals (copper, zinc, copper, zinc, etc.) are in addition to the increase in the price of molybdenum.
Cobalt (cobalt) prices have generally declined on a year-on-year basis and have had some impact on performance.  The overall order is adequate.
Over-expected growth, with resource operations running up to 10.2 per cent, with design consultancy signing of new contracts of $7.74 billion, compared to 16.21 billion, compared to 8.6 per cent, for new contracts of the same year; and real estate development operations
A robust growth, rich deposits providing new development sub-areas, new contracts for business within/outside the company, elasticity of profits, company pb below comparable companies
In 2023, the industry as a whole accounted for eight major buildings (China-China-China-China-Turkish-China-China-China/China-Cable-China/China-China-Building/China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-China-based average of 8 major buildings-China-Q1 non-performance increased by 16.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Over the same period last year, 15.7 per cent, and in the context of the “mid-estimated”, we believe that the average number of three operators of the current core communications plate is 1.39 pb and the average number of three barrels of oil of the core oil of the petrochemical plate is 0.98, compared to 0.98 pb.
China's pb is currently only 0.88 and pb is undervalued. We believe that the revaluation of the value of the company is not just a one-fold recovery of net assets. This year, the most important change in the value of the construction company is that, as the quality of the company's financial statements improves, the market becomes the market.
The company still has the potential to grow its performance and to expand its new business significantly, owing to factors such as the fall in prices and credit erosion of several small-scale metal q1 from its mining operations.
Increased, and we maintain the “buy-in” rating. (1) Capital investment is growing at a slower rate than expected; (2) macroeconomic downward pressure plus presentation of construction materials.
Wong Joon-wei: B.A. in Civil Engineering and Master in Finance, University of Khatami. More than five years of research and three years of work in the construction materials industry. Hua Jing: Master in Finance, University of Khatami.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer targets); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters.