The impact of the epidemic on the income end of the quarter for consumer durables and apparel, and further increases in profit margins: company ' s recent annual reports, quarterly reports, and company ' s 2019 revenue realization
In the first quarter of 2020, the company achieved $611 million in revenue, a decrease of 29.48%, and a short-term impact in the first quarter, with a sustained increase in profitability, which is all the more significant.
Production methods) and marketing, the main products of which are custom-made brands for millet, "Mimi Smart Land Sweeper", "Mi Handheld Wireless Dust" and "Stony Rock Smart Sweeper" and "Small Sweeper" , are now the world 's leading robots. Company 2019
According to the year's breakdown, the number of ground sweep robots reached 3,816 million, an increase of 30.11 per cent, and hand-held vacuum cleaners reached $495 million.In 2019, the company sold 2,514,315 ground sweep robots, with their own brands.
Total market value/flow (million yuan)
As a result of the increase in the Māori brand ratio, the net profit ratio shows a positive growth in sales costs, R&D costs - 2020/03/24 growth, mainly due to the expansion of corporate operations and the further expansion of overseas markets, leading to a rise in sales costs and research and development costs.
The increase in promotion fees and the corresponding increase in labour costs, as well as the increase in research and development inputs for new technologies and new products, have resulted in an overall net interest rate of 18.62 per cent and an increase of 8.54 pct due to the larger increase in the Māori rate.
The company ' s q1 revenue fell in 2020 and the profit margin increased: 1) the revenue was mainly due to the reduction in orders for rice custom products during the current period and the impact of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic on the industry; 2) the change in profit rates was more significant, with a rate of 45.53 per cent for the 2020 q1 Māori and a net interest rate of 20.58 per cent.
Consider the firm's ability to develop and develop robustly and continuously expand its product categories. At present, the robot industry has a low penetration rate and a larger development space. According to data for the first half of 2019, the top five names on the market in the first half of the year were Kovos, Mi, Rock, Haile and Coves.
irobot, which accounts for 43.4%, 13.3%, 12.7%, 5.0%, 4.8%, has a leading position and will continue to invest in research and development to accelerate research and development projects, including a new generation of clean-field robots, commercial robotic products, stone smart company data platforms, etc.
Expanding the commercial, hand-held vacuum cleaners, etc., opening up new markets. The end of the season is affected by the epidemic, and profit margins are further raised.
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.