The core pain point's ability to avoid has increased considerably, and the profitability is expected to rise again.
On May 20, 2020, the Stone Science and Technology Agency opened a pre-purchase for the new t7pro exploration version of the robot, which opened at 0000 hours on June 1, with a retail price of $3899 for this sale. t7pro added a binary visual module to the original flag ship type T7 and mounted a high-tech 8 nuclear processor, with a bi-directional stereo.
A combination of ani object identification technique can be a better way to achieve intelligent shielding. Keeping the profit predictions constant, Qai technology integrated into a two-sighted visual program, and a significant increase in the ability of the core pain spots to “avoid” than the t7 product released in March, the pro version has significantly enhanced the ability of the sweeper robots to avoid.
From a hardware point of view, (1) the new two-cam camera program optimizes the ability to avoid at an altitude below 8 cm on the basis of the laser radar program ' s shield, improving the space perception capability compared to the one-line program, enabling the machine to better use image information as a shield. (2) The addition of an infrared rehydration light and the upgrading of the floor sweeper in the bed.
From a software point of view, this pro-version, for a two-page camera program, upgrades the two-eyed visual, ai object identification modules based on the rrmason algorithm system of t7, and introduces the new generation 3d version of the rrmason 7.0 algorithm system.
It is sufficient to identify the weight scale, fan base, shoes, plug boards, wiring groups, pet dung 6 objects, and to plan for a “safe distance” according to the “hazardous” level of the roadblock. The type of object is to be identified in the future through a sustainable upgrade of the ota technology (aerial system upgrading technology).
It also allows remote monitoring of the situation in the home through a sweeper.
To influence rice brands, the owner brands are affected by 2,193 million sales (+12.39%). We believe that sales are higher than sales are due to the gradual replacement of low-end products by high-end products and will continue to be optimized with core pains such as barriers.
Corporate Information Update Report - Performance Matches Market Experiences Continuously Upgraded High-end Product Proportion expected to increase and Industry Lead Enterprises expected to benefit fully. Corporate Information Update Report - Rolling out its own brand
Dust cleaners, hand-in-hand with Superip for marketing.