Stone technology (688169.sh) introduces its own brand vacuum cleaner, working with Superip to enhance marketing.
On April 1st, 2020, the first stone technology started with a brand-owned wireless vacuum cleaner.h6 was raised in the mill for $2699 and $2499. On the evening of the same day, the flagship stone-scanning robot t7 came out of the scene of the Lo Yong Ho live tape. We believe that the launch of the brand-owned wireless vacuum cleaner is public.
Another important step taken by the Division on “de-mechanization” is the prospect of copying the success stories of the clean-up robots, leading to increased corporate profitability. The opening of the Lo Young-ho live shatter show, and the exposure of the flow, are expected to lead to a significant reference to the wireless hand vacuum cleaner “de-mechanization”, which will lead to an increase in corporate profitability.
Wireless hand-held vacuum cleaners are expected to continue to grow in profitability. Hand-held wireless vacuum cleaners are an important supplement to home-based local clean-up when compared to ground-cleaning robots. The company successfully “Millified” with an autonomous brand name, hand-held vacuumer type h6, after the launch of the Kilo-h1 handheld wireless vacuum cleaners.
It's worth $2699, which is close to the price of Dyson's entry-level product v7. The new product is equipped with a stand-alone oled screen that goes beyond the odm product in all its dimensions, such as duration, electrosorption, and lifetime of the core, and its battery is still in the forefront of the industry, with an extremely high price ratio in the product at the middle and high end of the price belt.
With an independent pricing power, self-owned branding is also expected to increase profitability. The brand's visibility has been greatly enhanced by the new product's placement on the Royong Ho live show, which has won the company's greater visibility.
The goods have become a very popular way of selling them in recent years. Currently, tremors are dominated by short videos, which lag far behind the Ali's "Breathing Live" on "The Company Update Report - Flagship 7" and we think this collaboration with Yong-ho is a tremor.
An important breakthrough from "Small Videos" to "Small Lives", the official support for the flow of this live broadcast was strong, and according to a tremored 2019 Treble Data Report, it was active in January 2020.
The company’s first coverage report – “Going to Mimeo” – has reached 400 million people, and this live broadcast is expected to bring greater visibility to stone technology.
On April 1, 2020, the first stone technology started with a brand-owned wireless vacuumer, h6 of which was set up in the mill. The new product was sold for $2699, and the new one was raised for $2499.
We believe that the greater improvement this time is in batteries and on-boards. High-energy-density powered polymer batteries: up to 90min.
Life is four times the normal core, increasing the useful life of the product. Polymer super-light cells are effective in reducing the weight of the product and the host weight is only 1.43 kg. On-boarding of the oled screen: visible working state, such as duration of the voyage, charge time, clean molds.
The company won a lot of publicity for this "live belt." Led by the head kol, the "live tape"
We believe that this collaboration with Lo Young-ho is an important breakthrough from short video to live feed, with official support for the flow of this live broadcast.
Billion, this live broadcast is expected to bring greater visibility to rock technology, deteriorating patterns of competition in the industry, risks in new processes, research and development of new technologies, seasonal risks in sales