The company is a communications end-to-end solution supply.
\triangleright, a multi-ct provider of global top4 telecommunications equipment with a global share of 10.5 per cent in 21 years and increasing; 22 years into the year when the company's “exceeding” start-up, with servers and storage and end-of-life
The second curve, represented by end, 5g industry applications, auto electrons, digital energy, etc., served as a breakout point for the company ' s original traditional business, proposing a 40 per cent plus compound growth target for the second curve over the next 2-3 years.
The annual income of the industry in the annual ict market is 9.9% and it is growing faster than in the ct sector.
3) Major operators’ investment peaks at 5g base stations have passed, capital spending has begun to tilt towards cloudnets, and it is hoped to increase investment in the areas of servers, storage, databases, 5g specialized networks, industrial Internet, etc.
Basics: The market for major telecommunications companies has increased slightly, and self-research chips are expected to improve profitability \triangleright. Global network equipment competition patterns are generally strong, companies continue to strengthen their competitiveness, and it is expected to increase gradually.
Wireless network operations: overall business stability, overseas construction of 5g and domestic exclusive networks to boost demand; cable network operations: arithmetic power for transmission side-breathing, Euro-American fibre-to-house growth. Chips: Microelectronics in subsidiaries accelerate multi-product line chip self-research, providing design to produce one-stop production.
Services, with improved product performance, while effectively increasing corporate Māori rates. Assessment: The Māori rate has improved significantly, and icct drives performance expectations - the second curve: the company moves from ct to ict, moving from a single-equipor to a digital economy.
\triangleright 2023/04/24 Division actively promotes innovation in servers and products such as storage, data centres, data centre switches, etc.
2. Communications in China (000063.sz) Annual Report 2022 expands the number of operators and companies. (1) Servers: Communications servers and storage revenues of $10 billion over 22 years, an increase of nearly 80 per cent over the same period, with over 240,000 servers delivered worldwide.
The first market share of the instrument is the lead in the server telecommunications industry, and the share of the telecommunications industry is expected to continue to be assessed as: maintaining a new base, with a high-quality development period of 2022/L. The future will benefit from accelerated growth in the demand for arithmetic. (2) Database: goldendb in the financial sector
The industry is an absolute leader and is expected to expand gradually to the operator market. (3) Operating systems: the first country to leave the country, 4. Mid-Engine Communications (000063.sz) in the first quarter of 2022. Production operating systems cover such industries as government/communication/government/electricity/orbital transport/manufacturing/cars.
Review: high net profit expectations and significant improvements in profitability - Investment proposal: value the company ' s share in the operator ' s market and seize the opportunities of cloud network transformation, accelerate the expansion of the political market, achieve basic robust growth and accelerate growth in the second curve; and expect supply chain costs
Review: Performance meets expectations, the Māori rate improves significantly, costs management and product structure optimizes the cost-side improvements of the company are further advanced. We expect the company to \triangleright in 23-25 years.
Policy risks, business digitalization transitions are not as high as expected. Communications in the middle: ict leads, digital economy roadbuilders companies are integrated ict enterprises, first echelon of communications equipment.
In general, it is a scarce provider of end-to-end solutions.
For cable products, wireless products; 2) for government enterprises (22 years of revenue as a percentage of 11.9 per cent): there is a certain overlap between products and operator operations, providing products such as “communication networks, material networking, big data, cloud computing”, and providing governments and enterprises with various types of informationization
3) Consumer operations (22-year income as a percentage of 23.0 per cent): mainly smartphones, mobile data endpoints, home information terminals, integration innovation terminals, software applications and value-added services.
The market share of global top4 telecommunications equipment providers has continued to grow. According to the dell'oroggroup, after 2018, communications equipment providers led by China, Ericsson, Nokia, China have been at the forefront of the industry for many years, with a concentration of competition patterns and an overall increase in market shares, with companies focusing on autonomous research.
It has accumulated many years of experience and research and development, and has largely stabilized the leading market position. 22h1 Global Communications Markets, both Chinese equipment giants, represented by China and China, still ranked first with nearly 30% share and fourth with China Communications with 10.5% share in 2021.
There has been a slight increase, and since 2020, the share of the top three suppliers of equipment has declined, with only China’s communications reserves growing steadily; for China’s telecommunications market, the share of 22h1 has reached 58%, with China’s communications state-owned private communications companies with no single real control.
The founder of the space industry 691 (Xian Weiwei) was introduced into the space system in 1993 and is in the process of being established. The company’s equity structure is fragmented, with shareholders in China’s new communications company, 20.29% of which is owned by Xian Weiwei Electronics, Aeronautics, Winch-Bing-Bing-Bing, and Wei-Wing, which are co-owned by China’s nine new players.
The director's profile is 3 (Xian microelectronics): 2 (Spatial Guangwoo): 4 (Visence), no shareholder has a single control over finance and decision-making, and there are no physical controllers in the company. 2 Industries: Digital Economy Plus Ai Arithmetic Age, leading to the creation of ict
In recent years, the digital economy has become the main engine of economic transformation in the country. Policies have become more frequent, and top-level planning has gradually improved.
On 27 February 2023, the State Council issued the Plan for the Construction of a Digital China as a whole (hereinafter “Plan”), which states that the construction of a digital China is an important engine for the modernization of the Chinese style in the digital age and provides a more concrete blueprint for the development of our digital economy, and is a heavy-pound country associated with digitalization.
Family planning consolidates the strategic importance of building the digital economy in the country. The Plan defines two time-frames and the “2522” framework and safeguards for implementation.
By 2035, digital development had entered the forefront of the world, and digital Chinese construction had made significant progress. (2) Digital China construction was organized in accordance with the overall framework of “2522”.
According to the “two main foundations” of the resource system, promoting digital technology and economic, political, cultural, social and ecological civilization development provides for a “five-one” in-depth integration of digital technology innovation systems and digital security barriers “two main capabilities” that enhance digitalization to develop the “two environments” at the national and international levels.
(c) Implementation of safeguards: there are five main areas: strengthening organizational leadership, strengthening institutional mechanisms, safeguarding financial resources, strengthening human resources, and creating a favourable atmosphere.
The top-level design is on the ground, and the ict sector is on the rise. The top-level design is going to be on the fast track, and the value added of the country's core digital economy will reach 10% of the gdp a year, the size of the digital economy will exceed 60 trillion yuan, and the digital economy will be on the positive side.
The value of digital technology, the in-depth integration of digital technology and the “Five Ones”, the greater development of the ict industry, the information confidence that, according to idc, Chinese enterprises in 2023 in digitized business will be four times as much as economic growth (19.2 per cent vs 4.6 per cent) and the emphasis on digital infrastructure and data resources as the basis for the construction of digital China.
In China, the total size of the overall cloud market and the human intelligence market in 23-26 years reached $51.3 billion and $53.1 billion.
The bottom of the economy, in synergy with the high-quality development of the digital economy, continues to strengthen its combined strength. Figure 6: The objectives of the 14th Five-Year Plan for the Development of the Information and Communication Sector and the 2522 Framework Layouts. Figure 7: The scale of China's digital business expenditures (millions of United States dollars) and the size of the cloud market and the artificial intelligence market ($1 billion)
Total expenditure 2023-2026: $2.06 trillion The arithmetic speeds the transformation of the operator cloud network, resulting in an increase in the ict equipment 5g post-construction cycle, capex is expected to be stable and the revenue ratio is expected to decrease.
1) On the government side, the construction of the 5g base station has been scheduled, and pressure on capex input has declined. November 21 Ministry of Trade and Communications Development Plan for the 14th Five-Year Information and Communication Industry, 2025, striving to have a 5g base station per 10,000 population, 2) operators, at the 22nd annual performance meeting, determined capital spending has declined steadily, as in China.
In the last year of the company ' s 5g peak investment period, 22 years have been marked by a gradual downward trend in capital spending since 2023; China Connect has indicated that overall capital spending will remain stable in the coming years; China Telecom has indicated capital expenditure; and China ' s capex operator has changed its structure and increased its input network.
According to data from the Ministry of Trade and Communications, the country’s telecommunications industry completed its new business in 2022 with revenues of $307.2 billion, an increase of 32.4 per cent, compared to 19.4 per cent, and invested $9.5 billion in telecommunications. In 2023, operators were determined to continue to significantly increase their industry’s digitization/calculation network inputs, and China moved.
China ' s telecommunications-related capital expenditures are projected to be 45.2 billion yuan (+35 per cent) and 149 billion yuan, respectively (cf. figure 8: 22 Chinese telecommunications capex structure, figure 9: 22 Chinese mobile capex structure)
Audio expenditure structure optimized artena mobile network
The grid, the system and infrastructure, the Chinese mobile data centre switches, have grown in scale, and the head ict manufacturer has benefited from the operator's arithmetic network.
On May 8, China moved to launch the 2023-2024 data centre switch product collection, which brought the total number of purchases to 30660, compared with the 16,420 data centre switches for 2022-2023, an increase of 87 per cent over the same period, of which the demand for selected scene switches increased eight times more than the same time.
Increases from 1642 to 15330. The value of selected scenarios, especially high performance data centre switches, will be higher than the GSM and is expected to lead to an increase in the total collection value (the previous bid was close to $2.4 billion).
The future growth of the ict market, driven by the core of it. According to data from the China Institute of Information and Communications Technology, in 2022, the country ' s income from the ict industry was close to 28.8 trillion yuan, an increase of 7.8 per cent compared to the previous year. The projected revenue growth in 2023 is continuing at a rapid rate, the production and business activities of enterprises are affected, and China ' s expenditures remain at the basic level of 2021.
The Chinese economy is expected to rebound in 2023, the digital transition and the digital economy will continue to grow, and the ict market will resume growth and maintain a high rate of growth: in absolute terms, it is about two times the amount of expenditure on ct, increasing at a faster rate, it is about 7.5% for 22-26 years, and the total amount of expenditure on ict is 5.7%.
Basic plate 3: A small increase in the market share of major communications equipment companies, and self-research chips are expected to improve profitability of wireless networks: overall business stability, overseas construction of 5g and domestic exclusive networks
Total public network: construction of the 2023q1 base station in the country exceeded expectations and construction of 5g overseas remained at a high rate. Construction of the 5g side of the country exceeded expectations, with 23q1 of the country’s 5g base station having more than 334,000 new sites, an increase of 159% compared to the previous year; the global 5g network construction process accelerated markedly in 2022, with the addition of 5g base stations worldwide exceeding 1525 million.
On 15 May 2023, China's mobile network released a wireless network of 5g 700m & 2.6ghz/4.9ghz between 2023 and 2024.
Public announcement: 1,700 m: 23,000 stations; 2, 2.6ghz/4.9ghz: 6380,000 stations; 25 May 2023, China Mobile Official Network issued 5g 161,000 stations from 2023 to 2024, for China, Naking, Nokia, Da Tang, Ericsson; 2, 2.6ghz/4.9ghz:
25.17 million stations, supplied by Chinese, Chinese, Ericsson, Grand Tang, and Nokia. According to the above information, more than 360,000 stations have been built throughout the year.
On the basis, at the standard design level, embb is a gradual upgrade of toc, and at the mmtc and urllc are designed to address the needs of tob applications; at the ground level, at the technology level, 5g provides the basis for network diversification through technologies such as core mesh virtualization, modularization and web slices, which can customize customized networks for clients.
The network is in its early stages of development, and will contribute to an important increase in wireless networks in the future. At present, the network is not deployed.
By June 2022, the total number of 5g virtual specialized networks built in the country had exceeded 5325. In 2020, the number of 5g virtual specialized networks built was only 800. 22-25, industrial Internet platform applications.
The penetration rate rose from 14.7% to 45%. To improve industrial competitiveness and full factor productivity. 5g networked with industry.
Domestic: 1) transmission side: The 5g wireless side construction of the transmission side slows down with the wireless side and the short-term need for new expansion is relatively low. And the demand for the computing side drives the continuous evolution of the ict network, which promotes bone expansion and bandwidth upgrades. On the one hand, the data centre connects to 400g client side growth, resulting in single waves.
400g became a necessary option, while cable laying increased at a much smaller rate than flow growth and, in the case of constant spectrum efficiency, the need to search for single thin rate increases and fibre-optic capacity build-up to promote a full increase in the volume of backbone networks. (2) Fixed network access side: short-term growth is from dry magnified broadband penetration, which has reached 15 per cent in 22 years, compared to 15 per cent in 22 years.
100m development, and we expect to enter the accelerated penetration phase. The rate of access to 1,000 mps and above is fixed at 91.75 million households, which is 2.7 times the size of the previous year, rising to 15.6%. Figure 18: 22m4-23m4 China ' s dry magma broadband penetration rate
Global: Fixed-net users continue to grow, and ftth drives growth in the context of light-in-copper retreat. Pointtopic predicts that global fixed broadband users will exceed 1,595 million by 2030. Global fixed broadband subscribers will increase by 18% compared to the pointtopic by the end of the year.
According to pointtopic, by 2022q4, the total number of fixed broadband subscribers worldwide was 65.7 per cent, the ring grew by 0.62 per cent, while the market share of cable and adsl broadband connections was further reduced by 8.9 per cent, satellites and wirelesss grew by 5.8 per cent and 2.1 per cent, respectively, and ftth became the major increase in global connectivity.
Figure 20: 22q1to23q1 global fixed network users at the same speed
China's leading communications ic design company, which focuses on communication chip development. China's microelectric is a central holding company, formerly the design department of Mid-1996, which was officially established in 2003. China's microelectronics were initially focused on wireless station chips, gradually expanding to mobile phone terminals and high-end exchanges.
Microelectronics have begun to accelerate the development of extensive layout networking, home multimedia processing and smart interconnection, and end chip products, such as mobile phones. Microelectronics have so far focused on communication networks, smart households, and industry applications.
The autonomous development and successful commercialization of more than 100 chips, covering the “carrying, access, terminal” domain of the communications network, serving more than 160 countries and territories around the world, has for many years been rated “China's top ten integrated circuit design enterprises”.
I don't know, Billionsofu.s. dollarsandiear-on-yearcharange billionwhochwas-0.5%groveoverpreciousyear.
I'm not going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
yanghousilailclectronic yangilelectroni chipo
Microelectronic development chips cover mobile phones, cable products, wireless products, and so on. Microelectronic cellular products are mobile modem chips that support a rich interface with high performance, low power, low cost, high reliability advantages that can be widely applied in the global mobile communications market.
The fixed-line chip is a microelectronic nou series that is widely applied to mobile, telecommunications, connectivity, wide power, home gateways in overseas markets, political and business gateways, integration gateways. The ultranet chip is a microelectronic 10base-t/100base-tx/1,000base-t-net transceiver.
The use of sampling techniques and the latest digital signal processing techniques, with the smallest size and minimum capacity of the industry, has been applied to the onu products of the fttx network of telecommunications, connectivity, mobile, etc. Wireless Products Center focuses on the mobile Internet, combining the latest chip design techniques and process development with efforts to provide customers with the most recent product.
First-class chip design and solution services. Figure 24: Micro-electronic net profits (millions of dollars) from 2018 to 2021.
There are several R & D institutions with more than 2,000 R & D personnel. The company has the best international design and certification technology, advanced eda design platforms, cot design services, development processes, and specifications that can provide one-stop design services to households. With sustained autonomous innovation, the microelectronics have applied for chip patents.
One-stop chip solution, self-researched scale-up booster Māori improvements. Microelectronics can provide wireless communication, broadband access, light transmission, route exchange, etc. core chips and solutions for customers.
One-stop design services, from design to volume production. Research and development institutions are worldwide and create synergies in innovation. In ip-metering, companies develop core communication ip, which enables technology sharing and fast product rotation; and have the ability to integrate, develop and apply various types of ip, such as multiple processors, interfaces, multimedia and arrays.
Establishes an advanced application ip platform. In soc architecture design capability, soc fast-design platform: chip architecture realization, design automation, interface standardization, design cycle to industry advanced; platform advantage in low-power-consuming techniques, advanced processes and containment testing techniques; low-power design capability;
The ability to design low-power technologies to reduce power consumption; in the area of containment design and test capability, the coverage industry has advanced envelope design that enables the simulation of containment programmes, high-speed testing, reliability design of complex scenarios, standard testing and failure analysis.
Reviewing the historical change in the Māori rate of company operators' business, 20 years the company's bid for “run-by-circumstances” was to offset the increase in Māori rates from self-research chips; Māori rates for company operators recovered rapidly, with a Māori rate of 44.5 per cent, an increase of 8.02 pt over a 6.71 pt increase, mainly due to a better product structure
In the future, as the self-research rate of chips increases further, corporate profitability is shown in figure 25: The patented share of the top 10 companies ranked as effective global patent owners The second curve: the company moved from ct to ct, from a single equipment dealer
The year 2022 was the year when the corporate strategy was overtaken by events, and the “second curve” of the company's planned development - applications in the service/storage/end/end/5g sector / automobile electronics/data energy increased by more than 40 per cent.
In the age of economy and arithmetic, companies grow connections, arithmetic, data, and build new engines of performance growth. Servers: the telecommunications industry leads, benefiting from the surge in the demand for arithmetic, and growing beyond the beyond.
According to idc, the size of the server market in China in 22 years was US$ 27.34 billion (US$ 18.837 billion), an increase of 9.1 per cent over the previous year; the share of the telecommunications server market rose from mid-year to the top five in the country.
In 22 years, the company x 86 servers delivered more than 240,000 items in the telecommunications industry, and the telecommunications industry x 86 servers were the first to deliver. According to media statistics from the Communications Industry Bulletin, in 2022, three major operators were involved in arithmetic server-related collection in which the central news agency ranked 25.6 per cent of the telecommunications market server.
First, to be a leader in the first line of the Chinese server industry. In China, the China Communications Service has been the lead supplier for many years, with 22 years of winning the highest share in server-type projects; and in China Telecom, 22-23 years of winning the multi-package of servers, with the winning share in the overall share of communications servers ranked first;
China Connect, 22 years of central procurement by China's connected cloud server, with China's communications server winning the first share of the bid.
It is expected to enter the financial, Internet, etc., and capture the share of other firms. Companies rely on a combination of telecommunications depth, custom customers, low-cost access to the ict incremental market, server products are widely applied to China’s mobile, Chinese telecommunications and China’s three major operators; and it is expected to be based on the operator’s market, expanding to the corporate market in gold.
Adding new products to improve the competitiveness of ai servers. According to idc, the global market for ai servers in 21 was $15.6 billion, and the global market for ai smart servers is projected to be $31.8 billion in 25 years, or 19.5 per cent;
In 21 years, China ' s i server market reached 35 billion yuan, and China ' s i server market is expected to reach 70.2 billion yuan in 25 years, or 19.0% of the cagr market. The i server market is growing rapidly, and the company will invest heavily in the i and boost the competitiveness of its products.
The g5 series server, the g5 isomer algorithm server, has 10-20 isomer computing intelligence accelerators, which, depending on the application scenario, have the flexibility to deploy different isomer computing resources to achieve the best combination of computing, such as cpu+gpu, cpu+gpu+dpu, and to meet diversity computing scenarios such as overcalculation.
Figure 29: Interim G5 series server r5300g5 Customize scene server r6500g5 isometric server
R5200g5 high-density server, supported by two intel to strong fourth-generation scalable processors, and two intel to strong fourth-generation scalable processors.
Support two intel to strong fourth-generation scalable processors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
32 ddr5 memory slots 32 dddr5 memory slots 32 dddr5 memory slots
A maximum of 12 2.5 degrees, support 12 pieces of pcie 5.0nvmesff interface hard disks, and a maximum of 41 2.5 "discs.
Top support 12 nvmessd top support 10 double-broadgpu or 20 single-broadgpu top support 30 nvmessd
Support for up to 6 pcie 5.0 extension slots .. support for multiple gpu-top structures, meet the ai/super-counting etc. . support for up to 14 pcie 5.0 extension slots
Support 2 high-performance gpu prototypes. 4 double-wide gpu.
R5300g5 global view server r8500g5 high performance server r5500g5 mass storage server
Support two intel to strong fourth-generation scalable processors, two intel to strong fourth-generation scalable processors, four intel to strong fourth-generation scalable processors.
32 ddr5 memory slots .. 40 lff + 4 sff slots .. 50 sff + 8 lff slots.
A maximum of 41 "2.5" slots. A maximum of 32 ddr5 slots. A maximum of 30 nvmessd.
Provision of 64 ddr5 memory slots • up to 24 nvmeu.2 hard disks • up to 15 pcie 5.0 extension slots
・Support 24 pcie 5.0nvmesff interface hard disks, support 13 pcie 5.0 extension slots, support 4 double-wide gpu
..to support 20 pciegen 5 slots, 2 double or 4 single gpu. Maximum 4 gpu cards.
Overall upgrade of server system performance, mysql database performance, cdn operational performance enhancement
g4x g4xg4x
To benefit from the surge in arithmetic demand, server revenues will grow across borders and will remain high in the future. Communications servers and storage revenues in mid-2022 will grow by nearly 80% compared to mid-2022, and the market size of the company servers will rise to the top five in the country. In March 2023, the company and 100 degrees jointly announced that the central communications servers will be installed.
In December 2022, China Communications and Intel co-published the White Paper "Intel Associated Rendering the Reasons for Optimizing Deep Learning Models " , which integrates andlik application acceleration tool chain into Intelpenvino.
The tool kit distribution version (openvino tool kit) has built end-to-end deep learning model optimization and deployment of the programme to accelerate the process of deep learning application, enhance model computing efficiency, reduce energy consumption, reduce the length of reasoning, and enable multi-environmental model deployment, such as cloud edges, to meet the demands for efficient performance of the work loads of the different ai.
Databases: Goldendb, a pioneer in the distributional database of China at the financial level
For $67.1 billion, the size of China ' s database market is only 5.2 per cent, 24.9 billion yuan, and there is much room for future development; according to the Chinese Institute of Information and Communications Technology, the size of China ' s database market will increase steadily to 68.802 billion yuan by 2025, and the market cagr will grow by 23.4 per cent in 2023 at a rate of 33.9 per cent.
According to the Institute, the market for database services is concentrated in five major sectors: finance, telecommunications, government, manufacturing, and transport, with a market share of 22.3 per cent, 18.9 per cent, 16.4 per cent, 13.3 per cent, and 9.6 per cent, which together exceeds 80 per cent.
In 2014, the company launched the development of a financial-level database, and in 2019 and 2020, the goldendb distribution database, developed by China-China, was successfully launched.
Key credit cards and head office accounts are two of the core business; a new company, “Kindong Shin” created by the Communications in mid-November 2021; and a distributed database of core domestic banking and securities operations, launched in August 2022 by Goldendb at the National Thai King-Ann Securities Core Trading System.
Goldendb is an absolute leader in financial databases and gradually expands to the operator's market. Goldendb production industry, using non-shared structures, provides users with a highly usable, reliable and scalable "big data plus distributed database" solution; meets oltp-type applications, balancing olap data
Addressing requests, providing a unified platform for basic data services to enhance business innovation capacity and user experience. The China Financial Level Distributed Database Market 2021, issued by the Sullivan Union Leopard Institute at the end of the 22nd year, is a billion-plus user size, 800 million-plus-day average transaction.
A system of equity centres for successful access to the Goldedb database; 22 years of the National Industrial Security Development Study (NIISDS) with a view to publishing the telecommunication industry database product rating list, with the central communication goldendb ranked first in all.
In 2003, the company formed a dedicated operational system research and development team to study and improve open-source linux kernels, taking into account the needs of the communications industry; and in 2004, the company established the Guangdong China Point Technology Wired Company, which is responsible for the development of integrated solutions.
For the operating entity of the linux Public Service Technical Support Centre; version of the embedded operating system in the area of communications equipment was released in 2005 and the replacement of 100% of the system ' s self-researching system in the company was completed in 2010.
According to derivatives such as centers, servers, cloud-wise platforms, the gradual transformation of firms into integrated providers of digital transformations can be scaled up in market space. The central communications operating system has become the first home-grown operating system to move out of the country, with a cumulative delivery of over 230 million packages, commercially available in more than 160 countries around the world.
In 2021, the company released a completely new version of its new feeder operation system, which is an intelligent generic operating system, creating the "3+1+n" model, and three models (desk mode, desktop mode)
Server mode, tablet mode, one core (micronuclear), n scenario, one operating system to meet different end-point needs for different scenarios, address fragmentation of the system and achieve seamless panorama switching. Support multi-chip architecture + full-nuclear support. Support multiple chip architecture (x86, arm, mips, loongarch, etc.)
Platforms; the system can operate on equipment as low as 10 mb, making it faster and lighter; it has the characteristics of a “full-nuclear” support for fly, dragon, magnificent, cylindrical, sealight, and other international chips such as Intel, amd, etc.
The new feeder operating system runs on the road, and the new market for the national production operating system of the grid is being converted to digital power smartness through testing by the Academy and certification of the security operating system of the Ministry of Public Security.
The Ministry of the Heart, for its part, has been rigorously audited and has been certified as the country's first provider of the safety level III system through the standards; the new feeder security server operating system has been validated and used by the National Network, the South Net and the purchase of over 3,000 units in the grid in less than one year from 21 to 22 years.
Year in conjunction with automobile applications, the development of a goldenos vehicle operating system was launched, and in 2017, several cars have been working together, and there are now a lot of production experience. Communications has developed high-performance, embedded linux and high-security micronus/virtual integrated vehicle operating systems.
Solutions, which cover smart car controls, smart driving, smart cabins, smart web links, assistive car factory "soft" services. The company, at the Digital Transformation Forum for the Automobile Industry 2022, held on May 13, 22, 22, said that goldenos had been on the air for almost five years.
In addition, the company is actively exploring with the mainframe how to construct an automated operating system with a national output above the level of 1.3 with an intermediate, chip-integrated ecology. (Second phase), Institute of Civil Securities
(Second phase), IMSS 5 Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations Profit Forecasting Scenarios and Business Splits
The company ' s main business is divided into operator network operations, government enterprises, consumer operations, and a further breakdown under major operations, and our core assumption is as follows: 1) operator network operations: mainly wireless networks, cable networks, server exchange routers
On the wireless side, we believe that overseas growth will partially offset the impact of stable capital spending at the domestic level of 5g, and that the bid for the mobile 5g base station at 23q1 is over-expected as the lead equipment manufacturer, with the company receiving the core benefit; on the cable side, benefiting from the construction of the country's east and west and overseas ftx, company transmission networks and fixed network access.
Business is expected to maintain steady growth; operations such as server exchange routers benefit from changes in the structure of the operator’s capital expenditure (with a focus on t) and are expected to continue to grow at a faster pace; and the company’s share in the global network equipment market is rising steadily. In summary, we expect the company operator network business to be in place for 23-25 years.
2) Government and enterprise: In the digital economy +ai age, the country’s digital economy has grown rapidly over the next five years, there is a wide scope for digitalizing and transforming the market for government and business, with companies actively laying out and focusing on the needs of their clients. Companies have focused on the core products of key industries in the field of government and business, creating the Internet, finance, energy, transport, government, mining, mining, etc.
Focused sectors such as education provide services such as global connectivity (enterprise networks, business light transmission, political and business wireless networks), digital experience (correspondent computers, videoconferencing, video services), high-calculation (server and storage, data centres, distributed databases, operating systems) through cloud computer terminals, cloud communications, operating systems, services
The company has developed a competitive set of government products, such as a goldendb distributed database, a full module data centre, servers, and storage.
Global fwa business needs continue to be strong, and industry competition slows, and companies are the world’s top-notch, competitive. Corporate cost rates are stable, and, as scale effects highlight, we expect company sales rates, management, etc.
The company is still engaged in the new product layout, and we expect a slight increase in the company's R & D rate in 2023. No, we use a pe-comparison company valuation method that combines the company's main business — network equipment, possession of wireless, wired, cloud computing, terminals, etc., and the selection of purple-light shares ("Cunnet-end" combined supplier, focus suit)
The company is considered to be in a position to do so, taking into account factors such as the size of the operation, industry status, etc.
(a) Consider that companies increase their share in the operator market and seize the opportunities of cloud network transformation, accelerate the expansion of the political market, (1) that the operator’s capital expenditure falls short of expectations: there is a risk that the operator’s 5g network will be under-developed and the total capital expenditure will fall short of expectations;
2) Unexpected growth of new products: part of the company ' s new business has not yet been marketed on a large scale and there is a risk that changes in the market, technology, etc., will result in the company ' s second-curve business not growing as expected; 3) Policy risk: 5g is a strategic national industry, with a higher proportion in the event of changes in international geopolitics
(iv) The digital transformation of enterprises is not as risky as expected: we predict that our digital economy will grow rapidly over the next five years, and that there is wide scope for government and business in the face of opportunities in the digital economy.
The company's financial statement data projections are aggregated, the methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.