A new product, a new product, was released on May 21st in Shanghai, and six new items were released, the main product of which was the news.
Flying translator 3.0, on-board translator, on-board smart recorder, smart office book, on-board learning machine and iflyos 2.0 operating system.c New products are constantly being produced and the ability to produce them is being validated.
The launch company released new items such as 3.0, SLBM, SLB, smart office books, SLBLs, and in particular, the SLBX 3.0 has been able to achieve 95 per cent offline recognition by upgrading offline voice, translation engine and processor hardware, as well as doubling the coverage of the word library.
The unit has reached more than 100,000 products in comparison with the depth of 300. We believe that the publication of many of the company’s new products has enhanced the competitiveness of the Department’s products in the areas of office, education, etc., while proving once again the firm’s strength in the core voice technology.
The ability to produce. As end-c products become more abundant, companies are expected to open up their markets in the end-of-c areas and sustain high growth.
The company has released a new generation of iflyos 2.0 platforms that provide developers with a one-stop solution to create an all-embracing biosphere. This new generation of platforms has enhanced the efficiency of the development of the ai product, significantly reducing the delivery time for smart voice applications. We believe that the company has been able to do so by upgrading its deep self-defined functions and end-to-end programmes.
The construction of the one platform will help developers to continue their penetration into downstream areas, such as smart households, to build everything, to connect the biosphere, and to improve their ability to make future commercial transactions. As the market layout of the company’s key paths of consumption, education, and law continues to accelerate, the i-economy applications will continue to accelerate.
The system is improving and the corresponding products are falling, and we believe that companies are expected to increase their incomes at the end of c and in the education sector at a rate that is expected to rise. We maintain the ps that we predicted for 2019-2021 to push the policy faster than expected and to develop the business less than expected.
Research Assistant: Rhodesian 1. 18-year annual report review: iApplied Ecology
The system is well established, the b+c end-of-business double-drive company financial statement data projections are summarized, and in 2019, the head of the education and medium-sized and small trades department of the Institute of Human Life Studies joined the Institute of Civil Security and a master's degree in finance at the University of Foreign Economics and Trade in Shanghai.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.