High-speed growth of the platform and core track, strategic per capita benefits of artificial intelligence 2.0 24/04 2019 Events: In recent days, Science Chase has released its annual report for 2018, achieving operating income of $7,917 million in 2018, an increase of 45.41 per cent over the previous year; it has become part of the parent company.
The company’s business income grew faster in 2018, and the lines of business performed well. Among them, teaching triangleright.
Producing, political, open platforms, smart hardware, and mobile Internet operations maintain high growth rates, with revenues from open platforms, smart hardware, and mobile Internet operations increasing by more than 100% at the same rate. The net profit increase is lower than the growth rate, mainly due to the rapid expansion of staff size in 2018, resulting in rapid increases in research and development costs and sales costs, which grew by 55.82 per cent and 55.3 per cent, respectively, while the non-recurrent gains resulting from government subsidies in 2018 increased by nearly $200 million, respectively.
Open platform operations continue to grow rapidly, and the platform’s ecology is gradually improving. Companies continue to advance their Platform Plus track development strategy. At the platform level, companies are based on leading \triangleright.
Artificial intelligence capabilities, which provide all types of artificial intelligence services to developers. By the end of 2018, the open platform had opened 171 cases of ai capabilities and scenery, with 920,000 developers and about 78 per cent more developers than before. The open platform generated revenues of approximately 684 million yuan a year, a significant increase of 124.61 per cent, and maintained a three-digit increase for two years.
The smart hardware solution, based on the open platform, promotes the deployment of ai technology in the field of material networking and smart homes. The open platform is expanding rapidly downstream applications, and the platform’s ecology continues to improve.
In the area of \triangleright, the company’s intellectual education product has reached more than 25,000 schools across the country.
In the political and legal sphere, the voice recognition rate of the company's smart trial system can be as high as 95%, the case hearing time can be saved by more than 25%, the trial transcript can be 100% complete and the complex trial time reduced by more than 50%. The company's “ai+law” products and solutions are now widely applied at all levels of the judicial administration, with over 90% coverage in the High Court and the provincial inspectorates.
In the Internet, the accuracy of real-time audio recordings and external audio imports in Chinese and English has reached 95%. For the first time in the industry, "Speak-A-Speed" is the first time that it's ever happening.
Many meetings, such as the meetings of the BRICS Industry and Commerce Councils, provide transliteration support. Mobile Internet products and services, represented by televised news, have grown over the same period in the previous year.
The growth in the size of the workforce in Beijing, Beijing, West Side, 9th Street, building, has laid the foundation for the next phase of the company’s profitability and sustainable development. The recruitment of the company’s key talent and new jobs are now in place, and the growth of its staff is expected to slow down. The company’s artificial intelligence strategy of 2.0 makes it clear that per capita benefits will be raised as a key task, as the company continues to operate.
Existing technological advantages, brand advantages, eco-building advantages, and industry pre-emptive advantages, the scale of application and the continued improvement of business efficiency are expected to be achieved. \triangleright Risk factors: business expansion is below expectations; per capita efficiency gains are below expectations; business innovation risks; and human resources risks.
\triangleright, Master of Business Administration, eight years of experience in software development, pc product management, etc., in the computer industry. In 2007, he joined the Sindash securities industry.
Yuan Haiwoo, Beijing University, Bachelor of Physics and Master of Condensed Physics. Joined Sunda Securities in 2016 for research in the computer industry. Wang Jooyu, Master of Finance, Beijing University of Foreign Languages.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular customers. It is not intended for the public to produce publicly available information that is considered reliable by a Sinda security, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.