Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average
The excellent performance of financial information products and the high level of market ownership have led to the creation of a strong moat for companies: the company is the leading provider of financial software and network services in the country and is currently the only financial firm with full licence plates in the country, with customers covering securities, futures, funds, trusts, insurance, banks, exchanges, private fund-raising, etc.
The company’s core product line, which is highly competitive in the market, and some of which are in the lead. The core trading system uf2.0 is excellent, with a 100% rating in the new system of core business for license holders; the investment management system o4, with a market share of more than 90% in the securities industry, guarantees.
A 100% success rate in venture capital management is considered to be the mark of an enterprise ' s investment management system; the wealth management system ta4.0 has more than 200 users in the fund industry, securities industry, etc., with an average market share of over 85%.
Actively pursue business of the saas model 2.0 and broaden the market space: the financial information industry is facing an upgrade of the saas model, which allows financial institutions to focus more on the main business they are good at.
The company has responded positively by setting up eight financial innovation holding companies, focusing on the 2.0 business of traditional software, "Cloud." The brokering product 2.0 has now been working with securities dealers such as Yong-tae, Kai-Yuan, Shin Man-Hun, etc., creating a certain number of users and transactions; and the asset management contract, 2.0.
Fifty-four households, 54 per cent more than the same year; the number of users on the 2.0 line of the exchange business went up by 470,000, with over 54 contracts. 2.0 operations are not yet significant, but we believe that with the downward trend of customers moving their business to cloud platforms, the cost of services will contribute to the company.
In the case of artificial intelligence and block-link research, 3.0 operations are leading the technology card: financial science and technology are developing differently, and companies invest in innovation and greater R & D capabilities in cutting-edge technology.
In the area of block chains, companies are involved in multi-block chain alliances at home and abroad, leading to research on the management of block chain instruments and Ether's light wallets, and participation in block chain credit courses.
Question: Merger and purchase share in the offshore block chain start-up company. The front-line technology is well positioned to demonstrate the company’s very strong technological reserves and product development capabilities as Penning River fantech.
Private fund-raising and high-value clients form new patterns of capital markets, and companies share multiple industrial dividends. As at the end of February 2017, private fund-raising payments amounted to $8.55 trillion, exceeding public fund-raising regulations for the same period.
The growth in private fund-raising has made the demand for different customers of the securities agency strong, and the .pb business has become an important battleground for securities and even for the development of institutional investors. The permanent electronic location of the pb businessit service provider, whose pb client occupancy has reached the top of the market, will become a voucher dealer.
Pb is the largest beneficiary of business inputs; small and medium-sized brokers have a heavy construction burden that severely constrains the start-up of new businesses. Hensen 2.0 provides the saas model for the hosting of the saas model and is the preferred institution for small and medium-sized institutions, which will continue to benefit from the trend of moving their □ services to cloud ends; and private investors increase, artificial intelligence and large numbers.
Many financial institutions are actively engaged in business and attracting customers. Permanent electronics provides relevant technology modules embedded in bond dealers, banks’ end-of-service financial products, and will share the dividends of the wave of intellectual investment in the future.
The company, as the leader in the field of financial informatization, has for many years maintained a high level of investment in the area of innovation, and has remained a leader in emerging business sectors such as the pb industry, the saas service, and smart clients. Rapid growth is expected, and we give the company a “growth” rating.
(a) Unexpected level of acceptance by customers of the saas modeit service; lower than expected input from pb dealers; tighter regulation of the integration of innovative operations;
For years, deep farming has shaped the position of the industry, keenly seeking to expand the new generation of business models, with products covering the entire financial sector. Hensen Electronics Ltd. was created in 1995 and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange Board in 2003 as the leading financial software and network service provider in the country.
Focusing on the informationization of financial asset management, the Division works to provide holistic solutions and services for securities, futures, funds, trusts, insurance, banks, exchanges, and private firms, as well as for individual investors.
Business covers most areas of capital markets. Not only is the company’s leading product technology well recognized by its users, but it has also been on the top of the top ranking of China’s financial technology company, the 100th Fintech 100, for nine years in a row.
Chart 1: For more than 20 years, the company's research and development of its products has been developing a new, permanent e-development process, and the company is actively moving towards a new generation of business models. Financial technology has evolved rapidly, and the company is not satisfied.
The achievements of the traditional business are accompanied by the development of new business models. The company’s current business model includes the 1.0 business model and the 2.0 business model, and is gradually developing the 3.0 business model: marketing of products and appropriate service costs:
2.0 Business model is the use of cloud computing and the Internet to provide it and hosting to financial customers. 3.0 Business model is the use of IT platform technology to provide technical connectivity. The revenue from current 1.0 operations for financial clients accounts for the bulk of corporate income, while 2.0 is in the initial stages of development.
At this stage, but on a modest scale, the 3.0 business model is still in the R & D, input and pilot phase.
The financial information industry has relatively high technical barriers, demanding stability, reliability, and so on. After more than 20 years of continuous operation, companies have accumulated a stronger brand advantage.
With the ability to deal with comprehensive and complex customer services, core clients are highly sticky to the users of corporate products. Companies are well ahead of the traditional business and have built strong moats in many fields.
In April 2014, Ma Yun held 99.1365% of Zhejiang's shares in cash, and indirectly 20.62% of the Helium Electronics.
In June 2015, ...the ant gold suit acquired 100% of Zhejiang ' s bond through the purchase of additional shares in Zhejiang and the acquisition of the remaining shares of existing shareholders, and Maun remained the company ' s actual controller.
It covers all Internet financial operations, including payment treasures, balance treasures, treasures, ants, Internet bankers, ants, sesame credit, ants financial clouds, ants, customers, etc.
Active users, with their large c-end user resources, are shortboards that are lacking in constant electrons. We believe that the acquisition of corporate equity in ant gold suits is only the beginning of a partnership, and that the future of a company's business is expected to become deeply integrated into the ant gold cycling, so that the company's financial technology reaches the final consumer.
Second, the advantages of financial information products are significant, with business 1.0 establishing corporate leadership. Traditional marketing of financial information software products is the firm’s foundation, the company’s brokering, and asset management.
Brokering: the technology of the core trading system leads the trade system to excellence. The product of the permanent electronic brokering business is the core trading system uf series.
The uf2.0 product developed by the company combines the development experience of the first two generations of ultra-speed trading systems and takes full advantage of the structural features of the new generation of brokering operating platforms. Its autonomously developed RAM technology does not possess a very high level of transaction processing capacity (more than 50,000 cases per second, less than 1).
In general, uf2.0 is not only about system capacity, processing response time, system co-processing capacity, but also about reliability and scalability.
The system also supports RAM transactions, achieves strategic transactions, splits combination algorithms, and provides more favourable support for the certificate firm to quantify trading platforms. On the other hand, it supports business coverage.
uf2.0 Achieve full business support, including all types of operations supported by transactions in existing collections, such as three panels, open-fund foreclosures, etc., as well as the expansion of all lines of operations, such as future international panels, conversions, etc.
In addition, in the core trading system of the new license-licenser, there is a consistent increase in market influence. Overall, the permanent electronic trading system has a market share in the core trading system of the stock exchange.
For 44 per cent, it became a recognized industry-led securities trading system with a leading role in technical architecture, business architecture, systemic performance, stability, flexibility, expansion, etc.
The newest generation of electronic investment management systems, O4, is the technological upgrading product of the company’s core product, O32. The investment management system is the company’s first.
One of the products involved, since the introduction of the Fund Investment Management System (FIMS) s1.0 in 1998, for 17 years, has covered a wide range of areas such as funds, securities, trusts, insurance, futures, banks, etc., with management assets exceeding 300,000 billion and more than 350 online clients, which are considered to be the subject of an enterprise investment management system.
The former home country contains the fastest-growing, maximum-capacity, multi-live, single-point-free investment trading system with real-time wind control. It has a pine-coupled structure, with subsystems interacting through interfaces, which can be deployed independently and upgraded independently. At the same time, it has more flexible and efficient wind control compliance, which allows for independent deployment of compliance systems.
The overall performance of the system is enhanced to reduce the interdependency of subsystem operations and to ensure the accuracy of compliance controls in the case of high-complication operations.
In 2016, the company core product investment system was more than 90% in the securities sector, with several new replacement cases in the new fund industry, and 100% in the insurance system.
The new-generation investment system o4 has multiple asset management-type agencies.
Risk management products break industry bottlenecks, new clients expand to trust, insurance, and more than a dozen upgrades in the securities sector.
The core product of the company ' s wealth management business ta.ta (registration system transferagent), which is the central system of the foundation company, mainly managing the investor ' s property accounts, recording the holder ' s share, systems for distribution management, transfer of shares, distribution of interests, calculation of the cost of the share of the various amounts;
Controls the entire process of an open fund. Responsible for data exchange with accounting systems, substitute marketing systems, direct marketing agencies, trustees, customer service centres, e-commerce systems, etc. Wealth management operations are spread throughout capital markets and banking.
More than 200 users in industry, futures, insurance, trust, banking, wealth management, etc., with an average market share of more than 85%.
Opportunities for related projects such as upgrades, upgrades of financial marketing systems, construction of tripartite financial marketing systems, construction of marketing services, construction of trust and trust-type business systems and construction of private trust systems for securities companies have increased significantly, with operational contracts increasing by about 40 per cent on a par.
▪ The expansion of the fund will directly drive demand. In recent years, both private and public fund-raising, the number of products distributed, the number of participants in the fund’s investments, the size of the fund company’s data and asset management have increased significantly, and open fund operations and the financial management of specific clients have continued to grow.
New. Behind the heat of the Fund’s market is the upgrading of registration requirements, and the company’s ta system will be the most direct beneficiary.
In the field of off-site transactions, Hensen Electronics is the most full-fledged software provider in the exchange area. Currently, Hensen Electronic has served more than 200 exchanges of all types, including more than 10 country-level trading and booking sites, such as the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the New Three-board System, the Shanghai Clearing House, the Shanghai Insurance Exchange.
In the area of bulk commodities, Hensen Electronics has established dozens of major commodity trading centres such as Shanghai Oil and Gas Exchange Centre, Hebei Steel Trading Centre, Zhejiang Xinhua Commodity Exchange Centre: in the area of financial assets, it is for the Internet, Land Gold Institute, Beijing Financial Transactions, Wuhan Financial Assets.
In the area of cultural property rights, the company has provided an overall solution to more than 60 exchanges, such as Shanghai, Shenzhen, Shanghai Postcard, etc.
With the accumulation and growth of business in previous years, the company exchange business grew by 55% in 2016. Rapid growth in the area of large transactions and property rights, port crossings, and the successful bid in the former sea bulk merchandise trade and liquidation project resulted in spot-trading product line contracts having been on the same basis as last year.
In addition, in the area of large-scale financial infrastructure construction and financial asset trading in the provinces and cities, the company’s business development has been smooth, increasing productization and improving the efficiency of project implementation.
Banks: Deep Farming Sub-Cluster Products Line Bankit Businesses cover a wide range of products, they have a wide variety of products, and they have a large number of competitors.
The new and Saas versions of the bills are progressing, working with private banks such as Netbank and the Golden City Bank, while the banker's counter-dealing projects are located in a private bank.
The company has introduced regulatoryly compliant judicially controlled products and has taken the lead in 15 banks.
Financial management product lines. The integrated public services platform, based on bank finance management, further explores industry solutions. Micro-finance, trading banks, etc., are used in a number of banks and continue to hold more than 60% of the market in the area of public finance.
iii. Embrace the wave of saas, 2.0, and fully promote the financial cloud platform.
The acronym is a completely innovative software application model that began in the twenty-first century with the development of Internet technology and the maturity of applications. The model of software delivery through the Internet was innovatively adopted by Saas, and the vendor centrally deployed the application on its own server and the client could use it.
Based on their real needs, they agreed to purchase the required application software services from the plant via the Internet, pay the vendor for the number and duration of the services ordered, and obtain through the Internet millions of dollars in uniforms supplied by the manufacturer, a 35 per cent increase over the same period. By 2020, China’s Saas market is expected to reach its market size.
The financial information industry is facing an upgrade of the saas model. Financial institutions need to purchase millions of dollars in asset management software and financial-grade hardware platforms, deploy, manage and maintain them.
Sales, coupled with the introduction of new skilled personnel, face high costs and complex technological challenges. The saas model completely clouded the hardware and software systems needed for financial institutions to carry out their financial operations, significantly reducing the cost of building financial institutions’ ii systems, and the traditional financial sectors, especially bond dealers, foundations, and others.
Institutions such as bank finance, private fund-raising, etc., need only focus on the inflow of front-end users and on the creation of new back-end business products, rather than on the construction of intermediate-it systems and the interface of third-party cooperation, so that more effort can be focused on major-camp operations in which they are good.
Figure 10: The saas model can be effective in lowering the information threshold for SMEs
I'm going to transfer an int technician, rent a saas software service, build an engine room.
• Financial cloud platforms offer new opportunities for electronics. The process of financial information migration to cloud platforms brings not only new values for financial institutions, but also new opportunities for sustainable electronics: expanding the user base.
From "sale" to "sale" services, the company’s revenue model is more sustainable, moving from a one-time fee for software authorizations to a continuous charge for services.
Transport management, compared to traditional software models, saves development and transport costs by creating an innovative subsidiary active in 2.0 operations. In recent years, the company has set up eight financial innovation control companies, namely, certification, Yun Ying, Yun Ying, Yun Yong, Yun Jing, win-win, benevolent, and Yun-Lian.
Focusing on the 2.0 business of “upwinding” the traditional software. All eight holding companies follow the model of 60% share in the public and 40% share in the employee holding platform as incentives for innovative business.
▪ Brokering 2.0 is run mainly by subsidiary cloud networks and cloud-winner networks. Cloudy is based on the products of the ifs innovation service platform, pboxes, treasures, studios, and so on, to help financial institutions work together to create new social finance and personal investments for investors.
The business scene has now formed a user code with Yong-tae, open source, and Xin Man-Hun, and the market coverage of the one-stop investment trading terminal, the one-stop investment winner, has been further enhanced, especially in the futures industry, where the one-stop investment finance mobile terminal app is already in Yong-Aun.
Many futures companies, such as Merya, are on the line and have had a better market response. Asset management business 2.0: Management of asset sizes is growing steadily  Asset management business 2.0 is run mainly by the subsidiary Yun Ying Network.
The asset management product of 2.0 is mainly: management of cloud platform services. In collaboration with the deep-assist strategy, new projects have been launched for various financial institutions.
Financial cloud hosting model: i.e. rental of well-documented financial cloud resources, procurement of cloudy business systems