Continued push cost control, international route operation into new pattern \triangleright \triangleright \
Pressure (mainly in 25q1), but cost-side sustained cost-control improvements are evident from the same year. 25q2 receipts showed a limited fall in the same year, oil price declines, cost-control excellently driven losses for six months, and exchange rate appreciation has a limited impact on semi-annual profitability. 25h1 industries are still subject to price competition, with the firm as a whole co-opting.
Inner/International Ports Australia received 1.3%/+4.9% of the same time, and the International Ports Australia received 1.3%/+4.9% of the same time, as a result of an increase in the number of guests, which is better access to the Yellow Shirts. At the cost side, the company continuously strengthens cost control and cost pressure, and operates in the supply chain.
In the context of this upgrade, 25h1 companies experienced a modest 2.4 per cent increase in the cost per unit of oil held up on the same date, and the price of oil was reduced and driven by a long-term debt of hundreds of millions of yuan.
The exchange rate appreciation company confirmed that the $9 million loss on exchange was limited in profitability, reflecting a shrinking exposure to dollar debt. Strengthening Shanghai’s international hub, deepening the international network of routes and helping companies to improve their profitability.
In the same period in 2019, 118 per cent of international airline capacity was reached, and the recovery of long-range intercontinental routes was hampered.
1. China’s East China Airlines (600115.sh) reported in 2024 that the return to the mother-to-child ratio has been reduced, and that the good control of the unit withholding cost of the international route 2025 will continue to contribute to improved corporate profitability. In addition, companies are actively serving the Shanghai International Hub strategy.
Building a transit route between Japan and Korea to Eurasia, Europe to South-East Asia and Australia, requiring 25h1 service, with 4.96 million international passengers, or +25%. We look forward to a new pattern of international shipping from the supply side to the demand side.
We believe that, in the context of slower delivery by upstream manufacturers, the company’s re-targeting of aircraft to focus on the operation of the existing fleet will help improve the overall efficiency of the company. Investment proposal: Consider the return of industry prices to the bottom, and the profitability of the company’s deepening reforms, and consider the dividends that will be released.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.