Coal industry (601225) Xingxi Coal sales of 2021h1 home-grown coal increased by 21.07%, 22.65% and coal prices by 22.65%, respectively
The production of coal now stands at 70,1822,000 tons, an increase of 21.07 per cent in the same year, and the increase in production is mainly due to the release of small guaranteed mineral equivalents; the volume of coal sold is 13,694.3 million tons, an increase of 29.20 per cent in the same year and RMB/tonne, an increase of $164.60/t, an increase of 49.01 per cent in the same year.
$238.27 per ton, an increase of $43.65 per ton over the same period, an increase of 22.42 per cent. Of this amount, an increase of $19.80 per ton in taxes and fees, an increase of $5.63 per ton in excavation costs, an increase of $4.38 per ton in materials, etc., was reported as net profit of $8.286 billion, an increase of 66.10 per cent over the same period, the most profitable in the six-month period since the listing of a share.
During the reporting period, the company achieved a net return profit of $4,915 million, an increase in capital performance and a substantial investment gain. On 30 April 2021, the Board of Directors adopted Guan.
The company is limited to its own funds, and within the limits of the investment decision-making process, the company is jointly engaged in investment operations that do not involve related transactions. As of 2021h1, the seignite industry was trading in billions of dollars, increasing the company’s profits. In addition, long-term equity investment in Lungi was 3.79% of the stock, and at the end of the period the account was maintained.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., Ltd. has a high-scoring red commitment to write off shares and raise the level of return per share.
According to the Declaration on Shareholder Return Planning, House No. 1 of the 9th City Street of the City of the West Side of Beijing (2020-2022), “no less than 40 per cent of the distributed profits realized in the same year and not less than 4 billion yuan per year shall be distributed in cash”
On July 29, the company announced the cancellation of the repurchase of shares, which amounted to 305 million shares, representing a public profit forecast and investment rating: to raise the profit forecast and maintain the “buy-in” rating. Taking into account Xiaobo, when the capacity of mine 2 was released and the size of the capital expenditure decreased, the build-up of the Hodge railway led to the opening of the railway.
In the face of a stable domestic situation and a sustained recovery in the economy, the profits of the Xiangxi coal industry are expected to rise to a high level since the market. We have raised the company by 2021 yuan, in line with the Qingxi coal industry ' s bonus policy (not less than 40% of the distributed profits achieved in the same year).
Risk factors: one is macroeconomic depression and two is a sharp fall in coal prices, \triangleright left \triangleright, Doctor of Mines University of China (Beijing), registered consultant (investment) engineer and also Sunda energy source in China
Member of the Board of Experts of the Corporation, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of the China Coal Industry Association, for over 10 years, for research and advice in coal and energy-related fields.
From 2019 to the present, he was in charge of research on the coal sector, and the China People's University, in May 2017, carried out research on the coal sector.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the China CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sinda Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.