One has a strong dynamic energy release and a sustained high rate of growth in performance, i.e., a high level of performance driven by a high share of electricity (002463) and long-term kinetic energy for capital needs.
New computing scenes like \triangleright and ai have a structural demand for pcb. In 2024, corporate communications generated $1093 million, yoy+71.94% on the market board.
Turn off the pcb product, which is about 29.48%, and the high-speed network switchboards and their accompanying circuits, which are about 38.56% of the relevant pcb product. The rise of the ai became one of the central drivers of this cycle of e-innovation. Prismark predicted that 2023-2028 is for the i server and the hpc-related pcb product.
The compound growth rate (excluding board) of about 40.2% brings new growth opportunities to the pcb market, while also posing a higher challenge to the technical and innovative capabilities of the pcb enterprise. We believe that overseas cloud computing firms compete for an infrastructure with a defined industry chain demand.
Performance, the company's current technological leadership, its capacity to release, is expected to continue to benefit from the needs of the one, to actively release the capacity to respond to market demand, and to look at the longer-term growth of the one configuration.
In response, the company focused on enhancing resource synergies at production bases in Kunshan, Yellowstone, Changzhou and Thailand, creating inter-business, cross-base effective production capacity linkages, building multi-dimensional process capacity and performance ladders in different production bases, and dynamically matching market demand structures; and, on the other hand,
To promote the production base in Thailand from trial production to volume production, with a view to fully accelerating the start of customer certification and product import at 2025q2, gradually releasing productive capacity and further validating the production capacity of medium- and high-end products, laying the foundation for a gradual upgrading of product ladders and preparing for future market competition.
At the heart of the chain, we look forward to the company's development in this area, and we maintain the “Annual rating of the company's share in the purchase of electricity: good and positive: one is less developed than expected; risk of macroeconomic fluctuations; short-term stock price fluctuations
I've got a strong engine, and I've invested in the middle and long-term growth base.
Biannual report rating 2024: Deep Beneficiary ai Server Release and Exchange Network Upgrade, 800g to Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
In August, he joined the Sino-Chinese Securities Electronics Group in November 2022.
Initiating securities, Saidi think tanks, joined the Sindam Securities Electronics Group in January 2025, looking at semiconductors, etc. The Sindam Securities Electronics Group, looking at storage chips, simulation chips, etc.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consulting business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.