Electronics (002463), performance continues to increase and demand supports long-term growth certainty at the South-West Securities Institute.
Summary of performance: In the first quarter of 2025, the company achieved income of $4.04 billion, an increase of 56.3 per cent over the same period, a net return profit of $760 million, an increase of 48.1 per cent over the same period; high performance growth and a decrease in costs.
At the profit end, the company realizes a net return profit of $760 million, which is released from the global performance of multilayered core players, i servers, and exchange upgrades. The company is deep-deep in the high layer of pcb, where the manufacturing and processing dimension has accumulated deep experience, and high layers of multipolar processes are global.
We believe that in the future, companies will continue to benefit from the upgrading of the i model, the upgrading of the data transfer, and the upgrading of the iA acceleration card and switchboard.
The global aigc industry development will be a positive forward-looking approach in the area of corporate and automobiles, where car intelligence will sink or open new growth space. As conventional fuel cars shift to electric, intelligent, high-temperature, high pressure, high-density, etc.
In addition, the high-end pcb, such as high-frequency millimetre wave radars, adas, etc., is growing rapidly, along with an increase in the penetration rate. In the area of automobiles, companies are actively looking forward to expanding their production through microelectrics such as p2packs, adas, v2x, etc., and will benefit fully in the future from motor motorization and intelligent release.
Company Profile: Pcb Industry Lead Enterprise, Multi-Application-Devated Growth Stewardship as China's Pcb Industry Lead Enterprise, has continued to deepen the “Technology First, Green Smart” development strategy since its inception in Quinshan in 1992. The company successfully entered the Teslafsd Automated Driving System supply chain.
In this context, the company took the lead in producing pcb for 800g exchanges and became a core supplier for the British Weidahgx server. The current product matrix covers such cutting-edge areas as 5g base stations, smart-driving domain controllers, and satellite communications payload modules.
The two-wheel drive of “foreign capital + industrial capital” still appears: the first major shareholder, Biggering (bvi), held 19.34 per cent of the shares; the second largest shareholder, Wasgroup, held 11.90 per cent; the Hong Kong Central Clearing Company, now the third largest shareholder, held 3.96 per cent; and the Wu Reyuan family actually dominated more than 30 per cent of the voting power through a multi-layered system of holdings.
The members of the Board of Directors, the Wu family, still hold three seats and maintain ownership of decision-making in their operations, including the Communications Market Board, the Automobile Board, the Office and Industrial Equipment Board, the Consumer Electronic Board, other businesses, etc. In terms of revenue structure, the company ' s gross operating income in 2024 was $13.342 billion, an increase of 49.4 per cent over the previous year; in particular,
The corporate communications market was $10.90 billion, representing an increase of 71.9 per cent in the same year, representing 75.6 per cent of the company ' s operating income, leading the company ' s revenue; the car board was $2.41 billion, representing an increase of 11.6 per cent in the same year, accounting for 18.0 per cent of the company ' s operating income; other industries contributed $590 million (or 6.4 per cent in the same year), accounting for 12.8 per cent; and the office and industrial equipment board was 42.3 per cent.
By comparison with +41.5 pp, the contribution of Māori was 140 million yuan (443.8 per cent over the same period), or 3.0 per cent; the contribution of other business Māori was 0.9 per cent (compared with 36.9 pp over the same period), or 0.1 per cent, or 97.8 per cent below the same period; and the consumption of electronic boards was $4.04 billion in the first quarter of 2025, representing an increase of 56.3 per cent over the same period, and the net profit of the mother was $760 million, or the same increase.
Cash flows from business activities improved considerably in the first quarter of the year. Between 2020 and 2024, net cash flows from corporate activities fluctuated between $1.41 billion and $2.33 billion, from $2.33 billion in 2024 to 3.6 per cent in the same year and from $1.42 billion in the first quarter of 2025, a significant improvement in the same year.
Assumption 1: We believe that the corporate communications board will continue to benefit from high-level, multi-layer design upgrades driven by the product of the server, and that the value of the corresponding layer and single-square-metres will continue to increase. We assume that the corporate communications market board will grow by 12.0% over the next three years, assuming that the car board will be sunk by an electric car and that the level of digitization of the bicycle will increase steadily.
The corresponding dynamic pe is 17 times, 14 times, and 12 times, respectively. When considering the scope of our operations, we have selected three similar companies in the pcb area for valuation, one for deep south circuits, the other for profit, the other for wide-range technology.
From a pe perspective, the industry averaged 25 times the value in 2025. Companies, the core suppliers of Nvidia, Cisco, and arista overseas, will benefit in the future from an increase in performance driven by the use of a server.