(b) Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) of which pcb achieved operating income of approximately 12,839 million yuan, an increase of approximately 49.78 per cent over the same period;
With the further optimization of the product structure of the pcb operation, the Māori rate of the 2024 pcb operation rose to a level that benefited from multiple factors such as consumer electronic warming and artificial intelligence, high-speed networks and car intelligence, which injected new dynamic energy into the industrial chain, emerging demand, and the global pcb industry from its low in 2023.
A strong recovery in the valley, with a return to positive growth rates, is clearly characterized by technological upgrading. Corporate prices compare with the trend of 300 deep and high-speed growth in the corporate communications board market.
In 2024, benefiting from the strong demand for artificial intelligence and high-speed network infrastructure, the company’s business market board achieved operating revenues of about $10,93 million, a significant increase of about 71.94 per cent in the same year, and the business’s communications market board’s Māori rate increased by 4.09 percentage points in the same year.
In the first half of 2024, company-ai servers and Hpc-related pcb products multiplied by the same amount of energy structure, product structure and customer structure optimized to achieve dynamic alignment with medium- and long-term demand in the market.
Long; in the second half of 2024, high-speed network switches and their accompanying circuits became the fastest-growing segment of the company ' s pcb product, with the ring growing by more than 90 per cent. In 2024, the company ' s corporate communications market generated about 29.48 per cent of its revenues, i-server and hpc-related pcb products; and high-speed networks.
..the need for the chip is strong, and the chip continues to rotate over time to drive the pcb area.
In three to five years, maturation is usually 2-3 years. With successive generations of chip platforms requiring upgrades in signal transmission rates, data transmission losses, cabling density etc., the server pcb products need to be upgraded accordingly.
The product structure, which corresponds to the pcb layer, varies according to the size of the plate and the thickness ratio of the chip.
Wheel drive: 20240924. Robust growth and smartness are important trends in the market. In 2024, the company ' s carboard as a whole achieved an operating income of approximately 2,408 million yuan, a year-on-year increase.
11,61%, but due to price competition, fluctuations in the prices of raw materials, and the fact that the board business has not yet been completely reversed, the car board rate has been reduced by about 1.20 percentage points in the same year.
The growing market for new and emerging carboard products, such as thick copper, p2pack, accounts for the company ' s revenue from automobile board operations and motor motorization and intelligence are contributing to the demand for the pcb industry.
Increased vehicle penetration, with a net electric vehicle (bev) with an average pcb value of about 5-6 times that of conventional fuel, with the highest pcb value in the vehicle, which is about half the value of the vehicle, while bms (cell management system) in the system are currently mainly wired
The pcb value of the power control system will be further increased in the future by the introduction of fpc (soft print circuit boards) in the light quantitative trend of electric vehicles. As automatic driving levels and penetration rates continue to increase, the average vehicle will be equipped with electronic products such as lenses and radars.
The number of items will also increase, with the pcb currently dominated by 4-8 floors, while the self-driving system has a high unit price, which is about three times the price of 4-8 floors, and the l3-plus self-driving system, which uses hdi at a price of up to tens of dollars and is produced at pcb for the future.
Important suppliers of medium-sized pcb, considering the profitability of the company ' s products and the continuing robust growth in demand for its harvest, the underdevelopment of firms, the competition in the pcb industry, the pcb core fund management, the BJF Investment Department, etc., have eight years of buyer investment experience.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.