The company continues to benefit from ai certainty needs.
On the evening of 8 April, the company released a performance forecast for the 2025 quarterly report, which shows that 2501 is expected to return to the mother, and that emerging computing scenarios such as high-speed computing servers, artificial intelligence, etc., are relevant to the structure of the printed circuit boards.
Ai is still the most definitive demand today. The forecast for overseas capital expenditure is cloudy. 2025.2.24 Calculators are contesting the layout of the infrastructure in the country, according to Bloomberg's projections, 2025.
Meta, Google, Microsoft, Amazon capital expenditure increased by 60 per cent, 43 per cent, 45 per cent, 20 per cent, i server up from the previous 14-24 to 20-30 floors, switchboard up to current overseas tariffs or impact on the export chain, taking into account that major manufacturers are still in place.
The speedier layout, the i-hardware product, is still being upgraded, so we believe that the need for the i-related needs is still the most certain. The company-i business ratio is rising rapidly, expanding production to meet strong demand.
Of the total revenue from the communications market (75.65 per cent of the corporate communications market), i-server and hpc-related pcb products account for approximately 29.48 per cent; high-speed network switches and their accompanying routers account for approximately 38.56 per cent of the related pcb products.
The company has also started to speed up the distribution of power by launching, in 2024, the high-speed high-speed interconnectivity production of circuit boards for a network of arithmetic, and the high-end production of circuit boards with artificial intelligence chips. Considering the company's binding of high-end customers abroad (2024).
The annual offshore revenue ratio is 83 per cent, the overseas Māori ratio is 91 per cent, and there is continuous investment in research and development to achieve rapid growth for the company, which is expected to take advantage of the development of the wind.
Taking into account the emerging trade risks of new tariffs, we are conservatively lowering corporate profitability precipitating market competition risks; the risk of price volatility of raw materials; demand less than anticipated risks; tariffs leading to a decline in profitability risks; changes brought about by model innovations such as DeepSeek; and Sino-American innovation.
Trade conflict risk; exchange rate fluctuations risk. 0/0 sweep to access more services
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market