q1 has a high level of net profit innovation and will improve production capacity in the second half of the year — one-quarter review in 2025 — event: companies revealed one-quarter reporting in 2025. 2025q1 achieved a revenue of $4.038 billion, a year-on-year increase.
56.25 per cent long; net profit on mother ' s return is 762 million yuan, an increase of 48.11 per cent in the same year; net profit on deduction from parent ' s return is a continuous innovation in the single quarter ' s net profit on mother ' s return. The structural demand for the printing of circuit boards for the scenario, benefiting from emerging calculations such as high-speed computing servers, artificial intelligence, increased by 56.25 per cent in the same year for company 2025q1.
The interest rate was 32.75%, a reduction of 1.11 pct in the same year; the ring increase of 0.95 pct. q1 Thai subsidiary lost millions. In this context, q1 company achieved a net return profit of $762 million, with sustained high innovation. The net interest rate was equal to a decrease of 0.84 pct to 18.82%.
The company’s output will improve effectively in the second half of the year, with a direct export to the United States of America of less than 5% in 2024.
The rapid development of the ai led to the need for servers, data storage and high-speed network infrastructure, causing short-term demand for high-level products in the pcb area, and companies have increased their investment in key and bottleneck processes, which are expected to improve productive capacity effectively in the second half of 2025.
In the second half of 2024, high-speed network switches and their accompanying pcb products grew by more than 90% over the income ring of the related pcb product.
The fastest-growing segment of the company. With the continued expansion of large-scale model training and the rapid expansion of the data centre industry, the demand for network bandwidth and transmission rates in the computing infrastructure has increased rapidly, and the related products have been upgraded. The data flow-driven switch market has shifted from 100g/200g to 400g/800g.
The switch port is expected to be more than 400g in mainstream configuration, holding up the growth of company-related pcb products, with a relative depth of 300 per cent.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
In 2022, you joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute as head of an electronic team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies. This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities).
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.