Forage increases are close to the year-wide target, with overseas markets maintaining a high rate of increase, net profits of $2.65 billion, a 30.6 per cent increase over the same period, with q1-q2 achieving a rate of 1h2025, a total national industrial feed production of 158.5 million tons, an increase of 7.7 per cent over the same period, a growth in the company's city.
During the first half of the year, the prices of poultry meat and eggs continued to run low, competition for homogenous products focused on farm-end costs, heat competition, highly compressed profits in the industrial chain and even loss in the industry as a whole, and companies actively sought and built competitive competitive advantages for differentiated products and services to satisfy food companies and market-end diversification products.
Demand, raising the overall value of farm varieties, and actively increasing market share; about 3.4 million tons of pig outgrower sales from 21h2025, or about 43% more than in the previous half of the year. In the first half of the year, pig farming was profitable, stimulating the release of demand for refills, and companies were actively adapting to the trend of scalding pig farming: i) proactive adjustment
(ii) Actively develop professional groups for pig farming. They are provided with a variety of services such as raw materials procurement, feed formulation techniques, feed production, quality control, disease control and pest control, and are exported to them as a whole.
In the first half of the year, there was a rapid increase in the sale of feed products by corporate pig-breeding group clients; (ii) technology-driven product boosters. To provide markets with more specialized products, the department not only introduced new fertilizer, but also technology-led products such as front-end pig products such as breast milk.
The change was about 50 per cent higher than in the previous half of the year; the 31h2025 company, extra-aquatic.
Domestic operations have grown steadily, and the overseas market has created a large number of products: i) the production of shrimp crabs has stabilized and become more sophisticated in management.
2. The three-quarterly review of the Sea Group (002311), with some ironing; ii) fish drops and double recovery in prices. q2 fish prices are warming, shoaling ponds, domestic feed is growing steadily, and overseas operations are starting to brighten.
The cost of factors such as rents, feed prices has declined, farmers have recovered their enthusiasm and commitment to feeding; jii) water fish have been well-developed and profitable; 40% of the increase in overseas feed has been sustained, expanding the multi-dimensional competitive advantage of the entire industry chain.
In 2024, the company sold 2.36 million tons of feed overseas, an increase of nearly 40% over the same year, while the 1h2025 D.C.'s overseas feed sales continued to grow at a high rate of 40% over the same year. The company posted robustly in the current layout area and actively opened new areas; it competed well in mature procurement, technology, services, etc.
On the basis of this, targeted improvements and upgrades in the context of the real needs of local farming, gradual deployment of seedlings and dynamic industries abroad, pre-matching of future competition needs of customers and markets, replication of the country's well-established competition paradigm and core advantages to overseas markets, and replicating the current overseas “feeding product power plus”
The competitive advantage of the two dimensions of the service system extends to the full-chain multi-dimensional competitive advantage of “quality seedlings, high-quality feed, good-quality mobility, safekeeping, healthy farming patterns, and overall farm management.” The number of pig productions is steadily increasing, and the risks of pig farming are manageable and profitable.
Companies continue to focus on capacity-building for pig-breeding teams and innovation in the light asset model, team management capacity and professional skills are further enhanced, and the costs of integrated farming are clearly advanced and risk is manageable. Companies are investing in and promoting “outsourcing pigs, companies plus family farms, targeting profits, hedge risks.”
As the team’s professional skills increase, and the model’s touch-and-touching, the small assets, low risks, and robust pig farming patterns become increasingly clear, with the overall risk of raising pigs being manageable and profitable. Companies are growing steadily, and the risks of raising pigs are manageable and profitable.
By 10 per cent, 5 per cent, and 5 per cent, respectively, the same year, the company achieved a major business outbreak; livestock prices continued to fall; raw materials prices rose sharply; and the present report was produced independently and objectively using legally compliant information, and the data and information used in the present report came from open information in the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.