The Sini Mountain Billows (002311.sz) forage processing
The basics of the feed business have recovered significantly, and the volume of feed sales has increased significantly on a year-on-year basis, with a further increase in the market share.
In the first half of the year, sales of poultry feed amounted to about 7.3 million tons, an increase of about 24 per cent over the same period; and in an industry environment in which the prices of poultry meat and poultry eggs continue to be depressed in downstream farming, companies actively exploit R & D technology reserves and professional advantages to market the market value of the share of circulation a (billion yuan):
The company sold about 3.4 million tons of pig feed in the first half of 2025, an increase of about 43 per cent compared to the previous year; on the one hand, the company took the initiative to restructure its client structure, focusing on the development of farms and sizes of pig-bearing families with superior and more viable farming skills, and on the other hand, it was active in pig farming.
Basic data: 30 June 2025 Group, providing various services such as raw materials procurement, feed formulation technology, feed production, quality control, pest control, and overall export to the Integrated Service System of Feeding Plants for its hosting, born in the first half of 2025
In the first half of 2025, the company sold about 2.8 million tons of water products, an increase of about 16 per cent compared to the previous two years, and the aquaculture industry, after experiencing a relatively clear degeneration of its production capacity, most species rebounded, profits from farming were generally better, and seedings were positive.
The company’s overseas feed business has been growing at a high rate. In the first half of 2025, the company was actively developing new areas to replicate its mature competition paradigms and core advantages in overseas markets.
The company's gradual deployment of seedlings and maintenance industries abroad has expanded the competitive advantage of the current overseas feed product power plus service system to include "quality seedlings, quality feed, quality insurance, and healthy farming models".
The seedlings and dynamic conservation operations are active in the development of new product categories. Companies achieved $460 million in business income in the first half of 2025, roughly the same as in the previous half of the year, and companies upgraded their products in close proximity to market demand.
Innovative products such as functional materials, health materials, enzymes, etc. continue to be introduced, combining dynamic and feed products and increasing service capacity to farmers. The company managed to operate seedlings in the first half of 2025 with revenues of about 770 million yuan, an increase of about 10 per cent over the same period, and has been investing in aquaculture and poultry in countries such as Viet Nam and Indonesia.
In the field of pig farming, companies continue to focus on pig farming teams. \triangleright \triangleright
With respect to aquaculture, the company is now mainly raising fish for specialized water products, such as shrimp, while at the same time properly controlling the scale of fish farming and constantly raising the level of professional farming.
\triangleright Animal outbreak results in lower than expected sales of animal stock, and extreme weather causes lower than anticipated sales of aquatic feed \triangleright \triangleright
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.