Forage sales have been growing at a faster rate than ever before.
Corporate feed sales have been growing faster. During the first half of 2025, company feed sales were at an all-time high: companies achieved about 14.7 million tons of feed sales (including about 1.05 million tons of in-house farming consumption) and out-of-food sales were about 2.8 million tons, an increase of about 16 per cent over the same period.
In the South-East Asian region, the company’s focus on Viet Nam and Indonesia is already in place.
Actively expanding markets such as Bangladesh, Cambodia, Myanmar; in Africa, Egypt as a bridgehead, gradually extending to markets in East and Central Africa, now actively opening markets such as Nigeria, Tanzania, Uganda; in South America, companies have formed teams based on Ecuador
In the competition of markets, many parts of the world still compete in the single dimension of feed products themselves, which is less intense than domestic ones. The company's feed products have been sharpened in the fierce domestic market competition, and strong specializations have been developed at all levels.
Capacity, so the strength of feed products is highly competitive in local markets abroad: at the same time, the Department is well prepared for the changes that will occur in future competition in overseas markets, has invested resources and teams in the gradual deployment of seedlings and conservation industries abroad, matching customers with the future competition needs of the market in advance.
Domestically mature competition paradigms and core advantages are replicated in overseas markets. Domestic markets will steadily push for higher capacity utilization and city occupancy, accelerating overseas market expansion and production distribution.
Note: The “market index” of this rating systema has a depth 300 index of reference; the three new three-board reference point is a three-board indicator. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than the “middle- and low-risk” level, a “stable” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium-risk” level, a “positive” investor to use only a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and a “radical” investor to use the various risk levels of our Division.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.