h1 forage sales equal to +25 per cent, q2 income increases faster (share code: 002311.sz) + 12.5 per cent, of which h1 for feed, marketing of agricultural products, trade in raw materials, dynamic products contribute 47.139 billion yuan,
The growth in revenue of Xieze Yu 25q2 increased at a slightly lower rate than in the same year. The increase in the revenue of Xiejie 25q2 was due to the sale of Xi1 tons of fodder, or about 25 per cent, from the same date; of this, the consumption of domestic farming amounted to 1.05 million.
Tons, about 7 per cent more than the same year; 13,650,000 tons of external sales, about 26 per cent more than the same year; the absolute value of the increase in external sales, which is close to the 25-year target, increases in operational efficiency and editorial costs associated with the increase in the sale of company feed, have increased the competitive edge of the most basic products.
Sub-products show that in 25 years, H1 has achieved sales of 2.8 million tons, 7.3 million tons, 3.4 million tons, +16 per cent, +24 per cent, and +43 per cent respectively. In addition, the company’s feed products from overseas regions are more competitive in overseas markets, with large overseas markets, and the company’s mid-term overseas target is high.
In terms of the overall target, the company is expected to increase external sales by more than 3 million tons in 2025. 25h1 is expected to be profitable in pig-breeding and the quarterly end-of-cycle ratio of productive biological assets is +16 per cent. 25h1 is expected to generate $9,735 million, or 15.59 per cent, of sales of agricultural products; and the Māori rate is 20.26 per cent, or the same ratio.
+3.37 pct. In pig farming, companies make significant profits from small assets and risk-control farming. In aquaculture, companies tend to produce mainly special water products, such as shrimp, which, through fine management and specialization, make a mistake with traditional products in terms of listing time and product specifications.
Competing; in addition, companies properly control the size of their fish farming and continuously upgrade their professional skills. Overall, companies are trying to develop a small-assess pig farming model and plant shrimp farming that will expand their farming operations to a uniquely competitive or core competitive level and will become one of the company’s future major businesses.
Investment proposals: The company is a leading company in the feed industry, collecting products, research and development, serving as one, and feeding production capabilities. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.