Sea Grand Group (002311.sz): Forage cities continue to rise at 31 July 2025 and are expected to grow together, both within and outside the country
The company is a collector of research and development, production and marketing of aquatic feed, mix of animal feed and aquatic feed, and healthy farming.
Forage sales have increased, and the annual incremental targets have been largely met. For the first half of 2025, the company achieved feed sales as a high-tech listed company with the main business, with 14.7 million tons of core business (including internal livestock consumption of 1.05 million tons), an increase of 25% over the same year, and the increase in external sales is close to the increase.
The company has already achieved its annual target for production in priority aquaculture areas throughout the country.
For industrial empowerment; for pig meat to benefit from improved farm-based profitability on the one hand, and for companies to actively adjust their customer and product structures on the other; for aquaculture to benefit from a backlash in the prices of water products, a rise in seedlings and reservoirs; for long-driving demand, especially for hydrates, which is growing significantly.
Firms have firmly established their own regions, actively opening up new ones, and overseas feed sales increased in the first half of the year in comparison to the previous quarter in terms of debt and cross-share ownership: Sink terminal service system advantages have been successfully replicated overseas, with a clear competitive advantage of downplaying overseas operations.
The Māori rate has continued to rise, at 15.08% outside 25h1, an increase of 2.54 percentage points over the same period last year. Looking ahead, companies will steadily increase their capacity utilization in the domestic market, actively opening up overseas markets, and using seedlings to protect feed operations.
Continued investment to maintain a competitive advantage over shrimp seedlings; breaking out of the rash fish species. The stock/sales (million shares) and poultry seedlings in Vietnam, Indonesia, etc., have been built to open the international distribution. 25h1 companies have raised $460 million in insurance operations.
In the area of pig farming, companies continue to “offload pigs, companies +”
With respect to aquaculture, the continued specialization of industrial shrimp farming management and technology generation, the cost of farming has declined significantly. The firm increase in the company's Māori marketing rate for agricultural products is 20.26%.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: We believe that the company's feed business is moving in parallel, both within and outside the country, and that it has protected its feed against the risk of small assets, and that the company has a long-term competitive advantage.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Great Sea Group (002311.sz): the feed market continues to grow, and there is hope for co-growth, both at home and abroad.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Big Sea Group (002311.sz): Feeding markets continue to grow and are expected to grow together, both within and outside the country.
A breakdown of the sub-sectors, such as Xianxyzun, forage, and pet food.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.