The third quarter of 2021 reported an evaluation of the continued optimization of the product structure, the consolidation of the industry leadership, and the focus of the research assistant.
▪ Sustained growth in product sales and high performance: company revenue of 2021q3 and net profit return and ring ratios have continued to rise, in line with market expectations, mainly as a result of steady expansion in the size of the company's business and increased product sales; company investment in R & D has continued to increase, with company R & D costs of 2021q3
For the first three quarters of 2021, the impact of non-recurring gains and losses on the net profits of the company was approximately $39.7 million, mainly in terms of equity transfer gains, financial management gains, and the optimal structure of the Government's products, and the steady improvement in quantity and quality: companies' high performance, high quality simulations.
In the area of c, there are a large number of product lines that currently provide more than 3,500 analogues of 25 broad categories of products that can satisfy the diverse needs of different customers. The products in question are widely used in such areas as consumer electronics, communications equipment, industrial controls, medical devices and automobile electronics, and there is a strong advantage in the product class.
On the basis of this, the company efficiently promoted the transformation of the R & D results of analogic, closely following market demand, product upgrades and new product volumes, product expansion, and, in the first half of 2021, the company launched more than 200 new products with fully autonomous intellectual property rights, all of which met the aggregate performance targets at the international level.
At the advanced level of the same product, the market share is expected to continue to rise. Companies simulate the technical advantages of their products in terms of efficiency, inefficiency, accuracy, small size, high reliability, production performance and quality against the world-class model chip manufacturer, some of the key performance indicators.
This goes beyond the rapid growth in the import classes of the products at the client end, while the firm’s positive and superior product structure, and the steady increase in the share of high-end categories, effectively enhances the profitability of the company. The benefits are driven by broad demand and domestic substitution, and there is scope for future growth: corporate diversification.
Mid-year review: A beneficial simulation of the high-ic product strategy can effectively match the broad demand for the modelic market. At the same time, companies continue to consolidate their strengths in the power pipeline.
In addition, the company has developed and accumulated a range of internationally advanced core technologies and products in its home-grown supply chains of the R&D chain. In addition, the domestic market, based on local advantages, is well aligned to market demand, rapid response, customer recognition and brand influence are increasing, market share is growing, and it is expected to take the lead in the national production substitution process of simulation.
Biannual performance forecast rating: Market expansion progresses steadily and fully benefits from simulations  Profit forecasting and investment ratings; we expect to be in the product class and application market as companies hold their products in the market
Yearly Review: Simulation of the ic High Panorama.