On 23 May, when the nine-priced hpv vaccine was placed on the market, the company issued a public announcement: it received the nine-priced hpv vaccine, the Bioproducts Award, in the afternoon of the same day, and the product was officially allowed to enter the market for sale in the circulation area of the mainland market.
\triangleright \triangleright 9-priced hpv vaccine submitted its request for import registration on 20 April, was added to the priority review list on 23 April, and on 28 April, the National Drug Control Board obtained conditional approval to be listed for vaccination of women aged 16-26, and today it has been issued with a certificate of approval.
The entire approval process is only over January, creating a record of new medicines being placed on the market. The nine-priced Hpv vaccine has now been placed on the procurement list in Hainan Province, and other provinces have submitted or are preparing to submit the relevant tender funds in line with the progress of the provincial bidding process.
\triangleright acquired a nine-priced Hpv vaccine agent with the advantage of past experience and channels, meeting on May 1st.
Shatun signed an agreement for the importation, distribution and promotion of the nine-priced hpv vaccine in the mainland region. Hong Kong, among others, has suspended the supply of the nine-price vaccine, and it is estimated that Mercantón will be able to adjust its production capacity and increase the supply of the vaccine in the interior.
The winning price for this product in Hainan is $1.298, which is expected to contribute nearly $3.9 billion in the first year of the nine-priced Hpv vaccine and $580 million in net profit at 15%. If the product is officially marketed in June, it is expected to contribute nearly $300 million this year.
The four-priced, nine-priced Hpv vaccine has been approved for 1.228 million doses a year. Once the nine-priced vaccine is on the market, it will be complemented by a four-priced vaccine, which will combine to cover the female population aged 16-45; and the company, as one of the most marketable vaccine companies in the country, will be able to do so.
Make full use of the channels of the four-priced vaccine to create further synergies with the nine-priced vaccine, promote its rapid release, and continue to consolidate the company’s advantages in the domestic cervical cancer prevention market.
The company’s three core varieties of Hpv and Hpv vaccines enter the release period, and new ones are approved. Given the nine-price price and the subsequent pattern of the varieties forming a ladder, they are growing with high certainty, giving a certain value premium, and maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
1. Twilight Flying Organisms (300122): Lock nine-priced hpv vaccine agent, re-emerging performance. 2. Twilight Flying Organisms (300122): Hpv vaccine push.
Accelerated Performance, Admission of Nodules Vaccines to the Future, 20180426 Yuan Shuping, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Chemistry, Hong Kong University of Technology, Master of Chemistry, National University of Singapore, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore, November 2017
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.