The M.B.P. (300122) was slightly over-expected, with an outbreak of triple seedlings and cervical cancer vaccine, and the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Summary of performance: The company achieved operating income of 840 million yuan in the first quarter of 2018, an increase of 416.7 per cent in the same year, a net profit of 260 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 330.4 per cent in the same year, a net profit of 260 million yuan in the same year, an increase of 353.1 per cent in the same year: eps0.16.
Nuclearly Infected People's Production Report accepted. Performance was slightly over-market expected, with a major outbreak in the company's performance driven by the DPT and Cervical Cancer vaccine: the company had previously announced the issuance of 8.95 million copies, and we expected more than 1 million caliber sales, contributing an estimated $200 million in multiple harvests.
Revenue, given the high demand for cervical cancer vaccine and the existence of seedlings everywhere, we expect the world’s first tuberculosis vaccine to be produced by 2 billion pounds a year. The company has the country’s strongest tuberculosis control product line, and the new ec diagnostic reagent for diagnostics has completed three stages of clinical prevention.
Nuclear vaccines have been declared production, while second-generation vaccines are about to undergo clinical trials in the form of already marketed micro-card products. Approximately 550 million people in the country are infected with tuberculosis bacterium, with a certain number of potential infections. The company’s first reported tuberculosis vaccine, which is expected to be on the market in about 2019, has huge market space.
Tests based on enrolment screening and prevention alone: about 20 million students enrolled in high schools and universities in the country at the beginning of the year, assuming that tuberculosis screening is a routine medical check-up project, while more than 100 million people are screened a year, and 20 million of them are screened, bringing the total to 40 million, 20 per cent of whom are infected.
The company's own products, such as the frozen dry hib vaccine, the 15-priced pneumonia vaccine, and the frozen rabies vaccine (mrc-5), were successively provided with clinical batches, and the company's follow-on staircases were well stocked. At the same time, the company had the country's most complete and fastest-paced tuberculosis imitation product ladders.
Both the vaccine for prevention and the third-generation ec diagnostic reagent are currently in production phase and are expected to be approved by the end of 2018 or early 2019.
The next three years will be marked by an outbreak of growth, high growth, low valuation, and maintenance of a “buy-in” rating. Vaccines approved, companies added additional pounds of product.
During the period, there was a high rate of growth of the three seedlings. 3. Twisdom organisms (300122): the three seedlings plus the four-price hpv.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.