The performance of health-care pharmaceuticals, biotech and life sciences has increased significantly, and the logic of the new vaccine, violent aesthetics, is being realized on a quarterly basis.
Events: The first Pacific pharmaceutical industry boldly proposed a “2-year net profit of $3 billion”, “18-year net profit of $1.4 billion”, “18-year market value of $70 billion”, “2-year market value of $100 billion”, and “Medium-medium”
q1 net profit of $260 million, or 330.4% more than the previous year, was due mainly to the fact that the three seedlings continued to grow.
(a) The supply of Hpv and the 4-priced Hpv is in short supply: 1) the stock of q1 triple seedlings is expected to be more than 1 million, contributing about 110 million net profits (about 4 million for the entire year 17), and by mid-April, approximately 1.52 million of the three batches (about 4.7 million for the year 17).
The new vaccine report: The Right to Life, Prevention of First – 2018/03/01 million net profit.
JFW Depth Report (300122) "According to rapid release, company q1 performance has delivered the new vaccine's “violent aesthetics” logic on a quarterly basis. Strong sales, first breakthroughs -- 2018/04/23.
For detailed breakdowns and projections of performance, see the end page. Triple & hpv & five-price rotation & prevention of microcard & 15-price pneumonia & three-generation diarrhea will show "How 6 billion net profits are refined." The exclusive ac-hib benefits gradually replace hib.
Single seed, ac combined, is expected to contribute 1 billion net profits; 4-price hpv vaccine stock market is expected to contribute 1 billion net profits per year and the incremental market is expected to contribute 650 million net profits (not taking into account the contribution of the 9-priced hpv market); 5-value rotavirus vaccine 18q3-q4 is expected to be marketed
Sell, stabilize, and hope to make more than 400 million net profits; ec diagnostic + prophylactic microcards are expected to sell at a peak of about 3 million in 19 years, contributing 1 billion net profits; three-generation saplings are expected to make profit predictions and investment proposals for 21 years.
Look at the market value of $150 billion! The market recognizes Ji Fei's ability to sell, but ignores the company's powerful product lines (own + agent), and the vaccine industry is expected to break 3 billion net profits first.
There's a huge increase in performance, and the new vaccine called the "violence aesthetics" logic is being implemented on a quarterly basis.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.