On April 25, 2018, the company issued its first 18-year report on the realization of the harvest, the return of the mother's net profit, and the deduction of the non-net profit share, as we had previously reported. In addition, the company announced that the cow sub-bull vaccine (used by the tuberculosis infected population) had been eliminated.
Three clinical trials and production registration by the National Institute of Medicine (admissory number: cxss1800010), four-price hpv vaccine-driven cross-growth, ac-hib triple seedlings stable growth \triangleright
The traditional core product, ac-hib, has grown steadily and has now been approved 1.52 million bottles, with an estimated annual sales volume of 6 million bottles; sales increased to 8 million bottles in 19 years, with a profit of 600 million and 800 million in 18 and 19 years. q1 sales costed 0.87 billion, an increase of 151.87 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the revival of the market and the listing of new products.
The cost of management was $35 million, an increase of 38.09 per cent over the same period, largely due to increases in salaries and research and development inputs. The company ' s Māori rate was 54.96 per cent, a decrease of 38.86 per cent compared to the same period last year, mainly due to a strong increase in the sales of Hpv vaccines for agent products, while the Māori rate for agent products was relatively low, reducing the company ' s Māori rate.
The R & D ladder is rich in products and focuses on nine-priced Hpv vaccine agent opportunities. The company now has 20 autonomous projects in the field of viral and bacterial prevention. The five-priced rotation vaccine has been approved and is expected to be on the market by the end of the year, and is expected to contribute 1.8 billion years in future: 15-price combination of pneumonia has been clinically approved.
In addition, the nine-priced hpv vaccine, both of which have completed a technical review, is expected to be marketed this year; it is expected that the nine-priced vaccine will probably continue to be represented by Ji Fei, taking into account previous cooperation experience and the advantages of the channel; according to overseas experience, nine-priced seedlings cover a population of 9-26 years of age, which is complementary to the four-priced seedlings, with a 50 per cent price higher than the four-priced seedlings, and will be extremely resilient in the future.
The first step towards completion of the whole field of nodule layout was the acceptance of the cow sub-bullium vaccine (used by the tuberculosis infected population) \triangleright, which is the only vaccine currently completed in three clinical phases for the prevention of latent tuberculosis infections, with high safety and greater effectiveness.
The vaccine was approved as a major advance in the entire area of the company's tuberculosis distribution, and the diagnostic reagents currently used with this vaccine have been completed.
Clinical production, to be marketed at the end of the year or in 19 years, is expected to be more than 2 billion species a year; recombinant tuberculosis vaccine and bcg-ppd are in the clinical preparation and processing stages, respectively. Companies are expected to take the lead in the field of tuberculosis in the country in the future.
The company's core varieties of triple seedlings and hpv vaccines are in the process of being released, and the cow sub-couple bacterium vaccine has been submitted for recognition. Currently, the biological product plate is about 50 x, but the company is a leading industry company, and the subsequent variety layouts form a ladder, giving a certain premium valuation and maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
1. JFW (300122): five-priced rotation vaccine received 2. JFW (300122): Quantities of core products, R&D ladders to build future performance elasticity
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements: Yuan, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Chemistry, University of Technology, Hong Kong, Master of Chemistry, National University of Singapore, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore, November 2017
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,