On April 19th, the company issued an announcement that Mercerton's oral five-priced verocytes (Vero cell) was approved by the National Drug Control Service (NDA) for imported drugs: s201802.
By 2017, 95 countries and territories around the world had been used, with a cumulative dose of 222 million doses, providing protection to 79 million infants and young children worldwide, one of the most widely used t-virus vaccines worldwide. The t-virus infection rate is high, and Leyde is expected to live in the future.
\triangleright Rotavirus is the main cause of acute diarrhoea in children under five years of age. Statistics show that 39% of children in acute infants and infants have diarrhoea in the population.
Currently, Rotwe is the only single-priced vaccine available on our market. Leeds is a five-priced vaccine compared to Rotwe, covering the most common strains of g1, g2, g3, g4 and g9 in the country, with a more comprehensive range of protection; and Rotwe is three years old, longer and less convenient than three doses of Leeds in 32 weeks.
The unit, compared to the 300-year-old trend, has been officially approved. It is expected to be on the market by the end of the year.
\triangleright, June 2012, the company signed an agreement between Leyde and Mercerton to conduct the third phase of clinical trials and registration of this product, with the company providing relevant assistance; once the product is on the market, the company is responsible for the product in mainland China.
Market promotion and marketing. According to the agreement, the anticipated procurement plan for the first year after the product is marketed is approximately 350 million, and thereafter, please be included in the fifteenth priority review list in December, submitted to the National Drug Control Authority on 8 March 18, and administrative clearance on 13 April.
\triangleright now has about 17 million newborns per year, while in 17 years Rottwe issued a total of about 48.45 million doses, calculated as one dose per year of vaccination for the population, with only about 7.1% of vaccination coverage, with wide scope for improvement.
The average vaccination rate is about 25 per cent, assuming that Rotwe ' s market share remains the same, Leede ' s potential vaccination rate is about 18 per cent; the sale price for this product in Hong Kong is HK$1750/3 and, taking into account the downside effect assumption that the final price is 300 yuan/agent, we have Leeds 100 million, at a net profit of 15 per cent, corresponding to a net profit of $270 million.
The company is a leading industry enterprise, followed by a staircase with a value premium and a “strongly recommended” rating. Product sales fall short of expectations: R & D progress short of expectations.
Employing period, R & D team building future performance elasticity. Yuan, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Chemistry, Hong Kong University of Technology, Master of Chemistry, National University of Singapore, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore, November 2017
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,