“United Nations Summit to End Tuberculosis”, held in September, is expected to speed up the implementation of domestic policy packages.
Events: The recent 71st World Health Assembly, held in Geneva, urged the Director-General, members and partners of WHO to continue to support the high-level meeting of the United Nations General Assembly on the elimination of tuberculosis, to be held in September 18, with a view to strengthening action and investment in ending tuberculosis.
China, a large country with tuberculosis, is expected to put in place policies to promote tuberculosis control in the future, in order to fulfil its commitment to end tuberculosis in the country. The smart-flying organisms are built with ec-diagnostic reagents, microcards for prevention, and microcards for treatment.
The “United Nations Summit” is expected to give impetus to our tuberculosis-related policies, and Ji Fei has built the strongest tuberculosis treatment system in the future.
The conference will be held at the United Nations General Assembly's First High-level Meeting on Tuberculosis, with the aim of strengthening action and investment in ending tuberculosis and ending the global tuberculosis epidemic by 2030.
The company's microcards, ec diagnostic reagents have been declared and are expected to be listed in the priority 19 years.
Ji Fei Bian (300122) "The nine-price hpv tender for the most intensive treatment system, with the prospect of a quick release of the policy dividend when the future product is marketed." Process & pricing is too predictable to raise the profit forecast again.
There are nearly 300 million ltbi in the country, and the market for ec reagents and microcards is promising.
Rationale, continuous leadership of the domestic market of hpv. Tuberculosis prevention among high-risk populations, such as carriers of the 15-65-year-old tuberculosis branch (Ref. No. 3 P - 2018/05/02)
Bed programme. About 20 per cent of our population, close to 300 million of whom are carriers of bacterium tuberculosis, and our smart-flying creature (3000122), which has significantly increased performance, committed to a 90 per cent overall reduction in morbidity by 2035, or around 100,000 per year, to WHO.
To reduce the incidence, screen the carrier of bacterium tuberculosis and then enter the population -- 2018/04/25.
Vaccination is the most effective method.
I - 2018/03/01 Annual enrolment of about 16 million new students in high schools and universities, calculated on the basis of a 20 per cent infection rate (about 20 per cent for the country as a whole), approximately 3.2 million persons are carriers, conservatively infiltrated by 20 per cent
At this rate, 6.5 million copies of market demand, based on 400 yuan per needle, 6 needles per person, will be calculated as "How 8 billion dollars of net profit is generated" and the exclusive ac-hib benefits will gradually replace the hib by the Hib.
The United Nations Summit on the Eradication of Tuberculosis, held in September, is expected to accelerate the pace of domestic policy support, agglomerations, ac combinations, which are expected to contribute more than 1.1 billion net profits; the Hpv vaccine (nine plus four prices)
The peak is expected to make a net profit of 2.8 billion: 18q3-q4 worth of a five-wheel virus vaccine is expected to be marketed, with a steady state expected to make a net profit of more than 500 million; ec diagnostic plus microcards are expected to sell a peak of about 3 million in 19 years, contributing a net profit of 1 billion; and three-generation blizzards are expected to be sold in 21 years.
The best sales, the first breakthroughs, the growth of the Bulls, 18 years, the market's worth of hundreds of billions, and the mid-term market value of 200 billion. Markets are aware of Ji Fei's ability to sell, but they ignore the company's powerful product lines (own + agent) and the vaccine industry is expected to be the first.
Breaking up will open up long-term growth space and maintain a “buy-in” rating. The United Nations Summit on the Eradication of Tuberculosis, held in September, is expected to accelerate the development of a national policy package.
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.