M.B. (300122) Pharmacy Life Agent 9-priced hpv vaccine, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center (WSRDC)
• Incidents: The company issued a public announcement, and the company signed a 9-priced Hpv vaccine supplement agreement with Mercado, United States, for a period consistent with the original 4-priced Hpv vaccine agency agreement. The parties agreed that further consultations would be held on the nine-priced Hpv vaccine procurement, purchase orders, and annual procurement plans.
. 9-price hpv vaccine is outpaced by a 4-price hpv vaccine, which can be well complemented by an import registration application received on 20 April, incorporated into the priority review process on 23 April, and a 28-April announcement with conditional approval for listing, with big market expectations. The Hpv vaccine is the first global vaccine to adapt to cancer.
Vaccinations included in the instructions are listed internationally and internationally in the following three categories: 1) domestic women of age, with a winning price of $580; 2) domestic Hpv, with a 4-priced vaccine produced by Mercado and promoted by the sole agent of the National Wiseman, which, in addition to having a preventive effect on more than 70 per cent of cervical cancer, also prevents genital mutilation.
Sharp wet quails, etc., covering 20-45-year-old women, with a winning price of $798; 3) 9-priced Hpv vaccine: produced by Mossatung, promoted by the sole agent of the Ingenuity of the Nation, covering 16-26-year-old women, which has a preventive effect on more than 90% of cervical cancer and is the best-selling Hpv vaccine worldwide.
Inoculation at the lowest cost is also estimated at HK$ 1300-1400, and vaccination at the speed of HK$ 2,000-3000, which we expect will be complemented by a combination of the following: (a) age group: currently, the number of people over the age of 30 who receive a 4-price hpv vaccination and appointments, i.e., after the 4-price, will cover mainly 26-45-year-olds, 9-year-olds and 16-26-year-olds.
(b) The price system: 9-priced vaccines are worth 1,000 yuan for high-end populations in developed cities; 4-priced vaccines are worth about 800 yuan for other mid-ends = 27 billion yuan and 5 per cent have a penetration rate of 13.5 billion yuan.
The company’s own products, such as the frozen dry hib vaccine, the 15-priced pneumonia vaccine, and the frozen rabies vaccine (mrc-5), were successively provided with clinical batches, and the company’s follow-on staircases were well stocked. At the same time, the company had the country’s most complete and fastest-paced tuberculosis-control product ladder.
Both the vaccine for prevention and the third generation of the ec diagnostic reagents are currently being reported for production, and are expected to be approved by the end of 2018 or early 2019. In combination with the company’s channel advantages, the company is growing significantly, and the industry is well established.
The next three years will see an outbreak of growth, high growth, low valuation, and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
2. Smart Flying Organisms (300122): Five-priced oral rotavirus seedlings are not sold as much as expected: the lack of supplies of the Mossad vaccine leads to the risk of a lack of supplies. The vaccine was approved and the company added additional pounds to the product.
Twilight Flying Organisms (300122): A slightly over-predicted performance in a quarter, with a high rate of growth of the Triple Lactus 4. Twilight Flying Organisms (300122): Twilight Lactus + 4-price hpv.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.