The agent sells a 9-priced Hpv vaccine, and the company produces a reasonable gradient, which effectively captures the market.
On April 28, 2018, cfda made a conditional approval to market the 9-priced hpv vaccine in Mossatung, and on May 2nd, 2018, the wise-flying creature issued an announcement that will lock in the power of proxy for the 9-priced vaccine.II. Our point is that the 4-priced, 9-priced hpv vaccine has been placed on the market, and the product ladders are showing up.
Cfda has made a conditional approval to market the 9-priced Hpv vaccine in Mercado, which will be sold by Ji Fei's exclusive agent. The 9-price Hpv vaccine is approved at a faster rate than expected, and we think it will be considered for the product.
Production cycles, batches, etc., are likely to be marketed in the second half of this year. The Hpv vaccine gradients for company agents are reasonable after they've been listed at a price of 1 or 9 and there are currently two types of Hpv vaccine in the country: gsk, and JB agent.
The most advanced vaccine in the country is the second-priced vaccine, which is reported at the stage of delivery and iii. The rest of the product is in the pre-clinical or i stage. Since 2011, the sales of the Mossadon Hpv vaccine on the international market have been on a yearly basis.
The increase in the sales of nine-priced vaccines continued to increase steadily in 2015. The GlaxoScoll vaccine continued to decline after it peaked in 2011, with four-priced and nine-priced vaccines with a clear, in-depth report from the vaccine industry.
There is reason to expect a similar situation to occur in the domestic market, given the competitive advantage, and the entry of the seed industry into the product-driven new era, with heavy-pound products on the market, and the epidemic.
2. GIFO depth report: The product is tied, the hand market is growing in volume, and as the nine-priced hpv vaccine is on the market, GIFO's product lines will be sold together at four and nine-priced prices.
In our view, the Hpv vaccine market is wide, with different products adapted to the distribution of the population, and the multiplicity of products that go hand in hand will make it more efficient to capture the market. 1) First of all, according to the number of people who are eligible for vaccination, the nine price is for women between 16 and 26 years of age, and the four price is the four price.
The main market for the number of people eligible for vaccination is 20-45 years of age, when the price of nine is on the market, and we think it will be concentrated on women aged 26-45 years, who, according to the Demographic Yearbook, have about 160 million women in that age group, and the market space is still larger.
The female population is estimated at 100 million, with a penetration rate of 10 per cent and three shots per person, and 30 million stock markets. 2) In terms of price distribution: the price of nine dollars in Hong Kong is 1,200 yuan per needle, and if the mainland sells it at the same price, it is 150 per cent higher than the price of a four-price Hpv vaccine, with a marked price gradient.
Together, we believe that when the nine-priced hpv vaccine is on the market, there will be a significant gradient in the country’s hpv product, a large stock market, and a multi-product combination of it will lead to an explosion. 2. The four-priced hpv vaccine market is well educated, and the product outbreak drives performance growth.
The four-priced Hpv vaccine was sold by the Twixted Life. By March 2018, the four-priced Hpv vaccine had been approved for approximately 1.6 million. The company's procurement agreement with Mishaton provided for the purchase of 1,373 million yuan worth of products throughout 2018.
The Hpv vaccine market is sufficiently educated to look at me through the grass roots, and we believe that the supply of the product is too high to meet the demand of 2018, so that the purchase agreement will probably not cover the demand of 2018. We assume that the smart-flying creature will apply to Mossad for more product sales, taking into account product production cycles, transport cycles, and approvals.
Some factors such as issuance, the new addition, will be concentrated on sales in the second half of the year. According to the estimates, we expect revenues from the sale of a four-priced Hpv vaccine in 2018 to exceed $3 billion, with sales of around 4 million, resulting in net profits for the company of $570-630 million.
3. The five-priced rotavirus vaccine has been put on the market, pushing companies to increase their future performance. The five-priced rotavirus vaccine is the exclusive product of Mossatón, with the Twilight Bios acting as China ' s overall agent. The only company in the country that produces the rota virus is Lanzhou, with a winning price of 172 yuan per head. The number of newborns in the country is around 17 million a year.
If 15 to 20 per cent of the population chooses to be vaccinated, it sells 7.6 to 10 million vaccines per year, with a five-priced rotational virus vaccine selling at an overseas price of about $250/approach, and if the country sells it at the same price, it can contribute 1.9 to 2.5 billion yuan per year to the smart-flying creature.
We believe that the company’s products are excellent, heavy-pound products are rolled out, and there is a wealth of research and support for medium- and long-term growth. The company’s marketing capacity is strong, and the channel advantage is clear.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board