The nodule vaccine is to be included in the priority review for 3 billion pounds of graded heavy product, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Incidents: cde published the 29th release of the application for registration of medicines in the Priority Review Process. The list includes the Cow Disparity Bacillus vaccine (used by the nodule infected population) of the company’s fully-owned subsidiary, Antxy Wielongcoma. The company’s first reported tuberculosis vaccine was used as a national strategy.
At the World Health Assembly, an “End Tuberculosis Strategy” was adopted, proposing a reduction of tuberculosis by 2035 by 95 per cent in mortality and 90 per cent in morbidity, i.e., a national strategy to combat tuberculosis. The company's autonomous development of the “Mother Cow-Box vaccine (for people infected with tuberculosis)” is the only global entry.
The company has a whole product line for the diagnosis + prevention + treatment of tuberculosis, with a market space of between $3 billion and $5 billion. According to the company's announcement, about 550 million people in the country are infected with tuberculosis bacterium, and the number of people who are exposed to it is in certain conditions.
Lines: The diagnostic companies have new diagnostic reagents for ec that have completed three phases of the clinical process, and prevent microcard products that are already on the market for inclusion in the priority review.
At present, there are some 250 million people in the bacterium of tuberculosis in the country, and under the tuberculosis elimination strategy, tuberculosis screening is expected to result in a mandatory check-up programme for students enrolled in secondary schools and universities, which currently stands at around 20 million at the beginning of each year, and more than 100 million people per year, of which 10 million are screened, for a total of 30 million.
50 yuan per person per test, 1.5 billion yuan per market space; taking into account 20 per cent of the population covered, i.e. 6 million people, assuming a 20 per cent vaccination rate, 1.2 million people per vaccination, 6 needles per person per vaccination procedure, priced for a 9-priced Hpv vaccine, we estimate 2000-3000 per person per vaccine.
The company’s own exclusive ac-hib triple seedlings: we estimate a peak sales of $2 billion and market penetration rates.
15 per cent; proxy Hpv vaccine: for the second largest global market, China ' s stock is about 260 million people and will be growing at a high rate over the next three years; proxy oral five-priced vaccine: domestic single-priced seedlings in Lanzhou alone, we estimate a peak of 2.5 billion yuan and a 50 per cent replacement rate for unit seedlings: in pounds.
Product-driven, companies are expected to continue to outperform their expectations. 1. Smart-flying organisms (300122): The nine-priced hpv vaccine is expected to have an outbreak of growth, high growth, low valuation, and a “buy-in” rating over the next three years.
Over the next three years, the market for seedlings will outperform the expected risk: the risk of a lack of supplies due to the insufficient supply of the Mossad vaccine.
The city is ahead of schedule, with a massive outbreak of performance 3. Ji Fei Bien (300122): agent 9-priced Hpv vaccine outbreak of the UPV and cervical cancer vaccine (2018-04-26)
5. Smart Flying Organisms (300122): The five-priced oral rotavirus vaccine was approved and the company added a new pound of product No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.