KIFO (300122) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals, Biotech and Life Sciences Agency Hpv Vaccines, which continues to lead the country ' s hpv market
Event: Ji Fei Bian announced a 9-priced Hpv vaccine in the morning, and the dust is settled, is expected to be marketed at the end of the year, is expected to raise the company's profit forecast and valuation again, is expected to be marketed for 18 years, is expected to be the first Pacific pharmaceutical industry to boldly offer "two years net profit of 3 billion" and "18 years net profit."
The nine-priced Hpv vaccine is expected to be marketed in four quarters, and Ji Fei locks in the country’s monopoly.
In view of the country’s top-down push, the nine-priced Hpv vaccine has been approved for import in recent days, and the nine-priced Hpv process, transport, customs clearance, batch inspection, and regional supplementation, is expected to accelerate, and is expected to be marketed in the fourth quarter.
China’s mainland region’s exclusive agent, the promotion of a nine-priced Hpv vaccine, and details of the nine-priced Hpv vaccine acquisition, purchase orders, and annual purchase plans are currently being negotiated. For detailed performance splitting and projections, please see the end page.
The co-benefits between the price of nine and the price of four hpv are clear, and the sum is expected to contribute more than 2.2 billion net profits.
Add, the logic of the new vaccine, the “violent aesthetics” is remarkable in terms of complementarities (combined between the 20-26 age group), which can be used by over-age groups at a price of nine if the supply is sufficient.
Vaccination of 9-priced hpv and of 26-45-year-olds with 4-priced hpv, first break per year. - 2018/04/23 Sales revenue exceeded 15 billion yuan; net profit exceeded 2.2 billion yuan: 1) assuming sufficient supply, 9-priced
Hpv contributes 10 billion dollars in income and 1.5 billion dollars in net profits a year.
The price of Hpv was marked at 1,000 yuan, or 3,000 yuan per person, with a stock market exceeding 45 billion yuan, with a net profit of 700 million; about 8.5 million newborns per year, with the incremental market, calculated on the basis of a 20 per cent penetration rate, with the incremental mayor contributing 5 billion dollars in revenue, or about 8 net profits; and 2) an adequate supply, assuming four prices.
Hpv contributes more than 4.5 billion dollars a year and more than 700 million dollars a year. We have over 200 million women aged 27-45, assuming a 4-priced Hpv penetration rate of 8 per cent, a market of over 16 million, 12 per cent a year.
The competition pattern is good, and the Hpv has continued to lead the country’s Hpv market.
The Hpv vaccine, Chengdu Hpv vaccine (aged 18-45) is in clinical stage 3: Chengdu Hpv (aged 9-45) is clinically in phase 2 and Shanghai ' s Hpv vaccine price of 4 has landed, and the Hpv vaccine agent continues to lead the country ' s Hpv market.
In the first phase of the clinic, the nine-priced Hpv vaccine was released in Shanghai, but public information (Pharmacological Intelligence Network) has yet to find clinical trials. The Hpv vaccine in five or six companies in the country is expected to be released in the next five years, including Mossatón.
4-price hpv, 9-price hpv, gsk (2-price hpv), Xiaomeng Wanhai Sea (2-price hpv), Shanghai Yumbia (2-price hpv), Ximen University/Regent Hall (2-price hpv vaccine), Chengdu (4-price hpv).
The 4 and 9-price hpv for Mossadung, under the most powerful vaccine distribution channel in the country, is expected to take a large share of the country's market, and to be in a dominant position, enjoying 10 billion dollars in blue forecasts and investment proposals. Top sales, first breakthroughs, big cattle growth, 18 years.
It's worth hundreds of billions of dollars, looking at more than 150 billion dollars in the medium term. The market, while aware of the ability to sell smart fly, ignores the company's powerful product lines (own + agent), and the vaccine industry is expected to be the first to break 3 billion net profits and over 6 billion net profits in the medium term. Assuming a four-price/nine-price hpv supply is sufficient.
Inoculations are available among the applicable population, and a nine-price hpv listing will significantly increase company performance and a reasonable valuation of more than 150 billion dollars in net profit, opening up a long-term growth space and maintaining a "buy-in" rating if the therapeutic biopharmaceutical breaks through.
The nine-priced Hpv vaccine agent landed and continued to lead the country's Hpv Markets Academy.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.