On 2 May, the company issued an announcement: it signed an additional nine-priced hpv vaccine agreement with Mershadong, locking in the nine-priced hpv vaccine agent, responsible for its import, distribution and promotion in mainland China; and purchasing, ordering and annual purchasing plans.
A separate agreement will be signed to determine, in the event of a shortage of market supplies, the volume of the four-to-nine-priced vaccine to be delivered by Mossatung in consultation with Ji Fei.
Cervical cancer is the second most common malignant tumor in the country among women aged 15 to 44. The current known high-risk Hpv persistence is the leading cause of the disease, with seven high-risk types (16, 18, 31, 33, 45, 42, 58) leading to about 90% cervical cancer worldwide, 80% of precancer changes in high cervical cancer. The Hpv vaccine is the first global vaccine to include cancer as an adaptive disease.
Identified vaccines, with a nine-price hpv vaccine to prevent hpv16, 18, 31, 33, 45, 52, 58 cervical cancer, 9 subtypes, including 7 subtypes and 6, 11 above, intrauterine cancer (cin1/2/3), cervical prostate cancer (ais) and infection. This product has been invested in 71 countries and territories around the world.
In use, more than 34 million doses were distributed worldwide since 2015. Products were rapidly approved and a nine-priced Hpv vaccine was expected to be marketed in the course of the year. Applications for import registration were submitted on 20 April, the list was added to the priority review list on 23 days, and the country was seized on 28 days.
In view of the subsequent process of importing, issuing and soliciting bids, it is expected that the product will be marketed officially during the year. Corporations will be represented, with a wide range of products and a projected annual income of $3.6 billion.
As we have previously reported, the company is expected to obtain a nine-price hpv vaccine agent based on its previous experience of cooperation and channels. It is now estimated that there are about 80 million women aged 16-26 in the country, assuming that only 1 million will be vaccinated in the first year of the market, and 3 million will be needed in terms of the vaccination process.
The Hpv vaccine price exceeds 50% of the 4-priced vaccine, and the 4-priced Hpv vaccine is now about 800 yuan/approach, estimated at 1,200 yuan/approach. Therefore, the 9-price vaccine is expected to contribute 3.6 billion yuan per year after it is first marketed, corresponding to a net profit of 540 million dollars at a 15% net profit rate.
At this time, the Hpv vaccine is being marketed in an orderly manner. When the vaccine is on the market, it will be on the market.
The four-priced vaccine forms an age ladder that combines efforts to cover the 16-45 age group of women; the company will make full use of the four-priced vaccine channel to create further synergies with the nine-priced vaccine, and will continue to consolidate the company’s advantages in the domestic cervical cancer prevention market.
Subsequent variety layouts form ladders with high growth certainty, with a certain valuation premium and a “strongly recommended” rating. Product sales fall short of expectations; research and development progress falls short of expectations.
Accelerating performance, nodule vaccine acceptance for future elasticity.
Yuan Chungping, Research Assistant, Bachelor of Chemistry, Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Master of Chemistry, National University of Singapore, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore, joined in November 2017 with the author with the qualification or equivalent professional competence of a securities investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence.