The 9-priced hpv vaccine is expected to be on the market at a faster rate than expected, and the performance of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre (WIRRD) is about to break out.
• Events: The recent Hainan provincial price negotiations, with a price of $US 1298/spent price of hpv, and the announcement by various Hong Kong medical institutions that Mercerdong has suspended the supply of a 9-priced vaccine to the whole of Hong Kong, the recovery time is still pending. The domestic price of a 9-price hpv vaccine is largely in line with expectations, and the listing rate is higher than expected.
Hpv vaccines 1,200-1300 yuan per needle in Taiwan about 1500 yuan per needle in Taiwan, the latest price in the United States is 168.1 dollars (approximately 1100 yuan) per needle in cdc, the private sector price is 204.87 dollars (approximately 1,300 yuan) per needle, and domestic pricing is basically and internationally aligned. Considering that 4-priced Hpv vaccines are priced 798 yuan per needle,
Assuming that the net interest rate is the same, we believe that the single net profit from the 9-price hpv vaccine is 1.5 to 1.6 times the 4-priced. According to the ims data, Hong Kong is the world’s fourth largest market for the 9-price hpv, accounting for about 5 per cent.
According to the company's previous announcement, the company's Hpv vaccine was expected to increase its volume (base purchase increase) price (with a profit capacity of 9 being greater than 4) before it was officially marketed. The company's 9-priced Hpv vaccine was well complemented by the 4-priced Hpv vaccine, and the company's performance was super-emerged: the Hpv vaccine was full.
Three types of vaccine: 1) two-priced Hpv vaccine produced in the country: from gsk to prevent more than 70% of cervical cancer, covering women between the ages of 9 and 25 years, with a winning price of $580; 2) 4-priced Hpv vaccine produced in the country: produced in Mercado, promoted by the sole agent of the country ' s wise-flying organisms, with the exception of prevention coverage for more than 70% of cervical cancer.
In addition to the protective role, it is also possible to prevent hysteria, e.g., which covers women between 20 and 45 years of age, with a winning price of $798; 3) the price listing will be complementary to the four price categories: (a) age group: the current 4 price hpv vaccinations and appointments are mainly for persons over 30 years of age, i.e., after the 4 price, which will cover mainly 26 to 45 years of age, and 9 prices.
High-end urban populations: 4-priced vaccines for other middle-end populations. A simple estimate should be that there are more than 90 million women in the country aged 16 to 26 years, 3 needles, 1298 won, assuming a penetration rate of 10%, and the market space is Qin, which is rich in stocks of varieties and full medium- and long-term power.
Inflammation vaccine and frozen rabies vaccine (mrc-5) products receive successive clinical batches, and the company’s next-generation staircases are well stocked. At the same time, the company has the country’s most complete and fastest-paced tuberculosis imitation product ladder, and now both the vaccine for prevention and the third generation of ec diagnostic reagents are in production phase and are expected by the end of 2018 or so.
In combination with the company’s channel advantages, the company is growing significantly, and the industry’s leader is strong. Profit predictions and investment proposals: we expect the company to return 1.340 billion yuan in net profits in 2018-2020, and there will be an outbreak of growth, high growth, low valuation, and a “buy-in” rating over the next three years.
Twisdom Beast (300122): Agent 9-priced Hpv seedlings, with a large outbreak of helper company performance (2018-05-02) below the expected risk of sales of seedlings; and risk of stock-outs due to insufficient supply of Mossatun vaccines.
3. Smart Flying Organisms (300122): Five-priced oral rotavirus vaccine approved and company heavy-pound products added
4. Twilight Flying Biologicals (300122): A slightly ahead of schedule in a quarter with a high growth rate of 3D seedlings 5. Twilight Flying Organisms (300122): 3D seedlings + 4-price hpv.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.