Four-price hpv plus three seedlings to boost the company's performance, New April 26, 2018.
Jordeji I. Events: The company published a quarterly report in 2018. The company published a quarterly report in 2018, yielding $838 million, an increase of 416.73 per cent over the same period;
The net profit of shareholders belonging to the parent company was $260 million, an increase of 330.44 per cent over the same period; the withholding of the non-owned parent company ' s share was reported in depth in the vaccine industry: the new product-driven discipline of the epidemic seed industry in our country.
II. Our point: The 4-priced Hpv vaccine plus the 3G boosts rapid growth in the company ' s performance, the New dollar, heavy-pound products on the market, the epidemic ' s support for the follow-up of products
The seedling industry is now well educated in the market for a four-priced Hpv vaccine, with product outbreaks driving performance growth.
The four-priced Hpv vaccine in Mercado is marketed with the exclusive agent of the wise-flying creature. By the end of the hand market, performance has risen in volume. In March 2018, the four-priced Hpv vaccine was approved for approximately 1.6 million.
The purchase agreement for Long 20180327 provides for the purchase of 1.373 billion yuan a year in 2018. If the four-priced product is sold at about $2.6 billion a year, the winning price for the product is $798 a year in 2018.
The Hpv vaccine market is well-educated, and based on grass-roots research, we believe that the supply of the product is too high to meet the demand of 2018, so that the purchase agreement is about as high as it takes. We assume that the smart-flying creature will apply to Mossad for more product sales, considering the product to be produced.
The production cycle, the transport cycle, and the issuance of lots, among other things, will concentrate new products on sales in the second half of the year. According to the estimates, we believe that revenues from the sale of a four-priced Hpv vaccine in 2018 are expected to exceed $3 billion, with sales of around 4 million, resulting in net profits for the company of $570-630 million.
2. The Autonomous Product Triple is in a period of accelerated release and will continue to grow at a rapid rate throughout 2018. In 2017, a total of 4.7 million batches of Ac-hib were issued, the main driver of growth in corporate income. The ac-hib vaccine can replace multiple single dose vaccines, with the total number of injections falling from 8 to 4.
We expect the product to continue to grow at a high rate in 2018, with about 17 million children. By March, the product had more than 1.3 million batches. We expect the product to be sold over $6 million by 2018.
The five-priced rotavirus vaccine is the exclusive product of Mossatón, with the Twissman acting as China’s overall agent. The major product of the global sale is the Mesadón 5-priced rotavirus vaccine and the gsk single-priced rotavirus vaccine. The only company in the country that produced the rotavirus is Lanzhou, with a winning price of $172.
Vaccination, mainly for children under 2 months to 5 years of age. In 2006, Mercerdon’s five-priced virus vaccine was successfully marketed in the United States, with sales of more than $500 million in the second year of the market, after which it was maintained at more than $600 million per year. The number of newborns in the country is around 17 million per year, if 15-20% of the population chooses to be vaccinated.
If the country sells it at the same price, it can contribute 1.9 to 2.5 billion yuan a year to the smart-flying creature. Among similar products currently under study, the fastest one is the three-priced virus vaccine in Lanzhou.
We think of the future of the product, which is more price-driven and more product-oriented, combined with the powerful marketing and extension capabilities of the wise-flying creature, and we are looking at the wealth of the product and future performance growth that will guarantee the company's simultaneous targeting of the vast market for tuberculosis screening and prevention:
The company ' s diagnosing reagent in nodules, ec diagnostic reagent, is used to diagnose using a recombined esat 6-cfp10 protein, which is missing in BCG and therefore excludes the impact of BCG, which is higher than the pds; on the other hand, the diagnosing reagent in the body only needs to complete the skin test and see if there is any deviant reaction.
The only vaccine currently able to prevent tuberculosis is BCG, but it has been confirmed that BCG only has a better protective effect on children’s acute tuberculosis, which is not effective for adults.
Microcards, which target high-risk populations, including adults, who contract infections in combination with bacterium. If approved for marketing, the product will have a clear synergy with the ec diagnostic reagent. The product has received wide international attention since pre-clinical research, and the World Health Organization network of officials is continuously tracking progress in research and development.
Both of these products have completed the iii clinical trial and are expected to be marketed by the end of the year, providing company performance with a reduced cost of 5.
The decline is mainly due to the faster growth of the company’s pick-up end, but the cost of sales has not increased as a result of the company’s incentives to salesmen and corporate executives. In 2018, the cost of q1’s sales was $87.20 million, the management cost was that the company’s Māori rate continued to decline and net interest rates were largely stable.
As the number of agents and their share continues to increase, we believe that the gross interest rate of the company will continue to decline. The net interest rate of the company is not available due to the different pace of cost growth and income growth.
Figure 6: Māori rates and net interest rates over the years. We believe that the company’s products are excellent, heavy-pound products are rolled out, rich in products, and support medium- and long-term growth.
Unexpected risks from research and development projects, the risk of bad receivables, and the uncertainty of vaccine risk events.