Five-priced rotavirus vaccine is on the market. Company's future performance. April 15th, 2018.
Incidents: On April 13, the National Drug and Monitoring Service officially approved the Mercerton five-priced virus vaccine, which is on the market in China and is currently in a state of pending certification.
1. With a large market space, a five-priced virus vaccine is the exclusive product of Mercerton, with Chi Fei Bian acting as China’s overall agent.
Rotary viral infections occur mostly in infants and young children aged 6-24 months, usually resulting in diarrhoea, with fatal gastrointestinal inflammation, dehydration and electrolysis disorders occurring in severe cases. Every year, about 13 million infants and young children suffer from rotavirus infectious gastroenteritis, and nearly 40,000 children die from cyclic diarrhea.
China, which accounts for 12% of all deaths of children under 5 years of age, has now included it as one of the national priorities for the prevention and treatment of “four childhood diseases.” The major global sales are now Meshadong’s 5-priced rotavirus vaccine and gsk.
Meshadong's rotavirus vaccine is a recommenced and active vaccine for children under 5 years of age. In 2006, Meshadong's five-priced virus vaccine was successfully developed in the United States, with sales of over $500 million in the second year of the market and more than $600 million annually thereafter.
Figure 1: Global sales of five-priced rotavirus vaccine year-on-year 1. In-depth report on the vaccine industry: A new product-driven era in the epidemic and seedling industry in our country
The heavy-pound product is on the market.
Among similar products currently under study, the fastest is the three-priced virus vaccine in Lanzhou. But Mercerton’s five-priced vaccine is more priced and more product-oriented, combined with the powerful marketing and extension capabilities of the smart-flying creature, whose products we believe to be in the future with about 17 million newborns per year, if 15-20% of the population chooses to be vaccinated.
If the country sells it at the same price, it can contribute 1.9 to 2.5 billion yuan annually. In 2017, a total of 4.7 million batches of the ac-hib vaccine were issued, which is the main driver of growth in corporate revenue.
The ac-hib vaccine is a substitute for a variety of single vaccines, with the total number of injections falling from eight to four. The number of newborns per year is estimated at 17 million, and we expect that the product will continue to grow at a high rate in 2018. If the penetration rate is 10 per cent, the four-price hpv vaccine in Mercado will be sold through the exclusive agent of the wise-flying creature, with both parties signing a procurement plan.
By February 2018, 9,278 million vaccines had been issued. We believe that the company’s revenues from sales of the four-priced Hpv seedlings in 2018 are expected to reach $3 billion, at about 3.5 million.
The company also targets a wide market for tuberculosis screening and prevention: the company's diagnosing reagent in nodules, the ec diagnostic reagent, is used to reassemble the esat6-cfp10 protein.
Since both esat-6 and cfp10 proteins are missing in BCG, the impact of BCG can be excluded, with a higher specificity than at the ppd dermal test; on the other hand, diagnostic reagents in the body need only complete skin tests and see if there is a deviant reaction, which is more cost-effective and less expensive than gamma-compression analysis techniques.
The only vaccine currently available to prevent tuberculosis is BCG, but it has been confirmed that BCG is better protected against child-sensitive tuberculosis, which is not effective for adults.
The product will have a clear synergy with the ec diagnostic reagent. The product has received wide international attention since pre-clinical research, and the World Health Organization network of officials is tracking research and development on an ongoing basis. Both products have completed the iii phase of clinical trials and are expected to be marketed in the course of the year to provide company performance.
The decline in corporate cost rates and the decline in Māori rates affected by the growth of proxy varieties is due to a significant decline in business income due to the negative impact of the Shandong vaccine incident, while the salaries of company sales workers and their employees and the spread of sales did not decline, ultimately leading to an increase in both rates.
With the increase in corporate receivables and the decline in cost rates, we expect that the next two costs will remain at the same level as 2017. The decrease is mainly due to the spread of the proxy Hpv vaccine, whose share is expected to increase further as future Hpv vaccine sales increase and the Mäori ratio is expected to decline further.
The fall in the cost rate has driven net interest rates to 32.20%, the highest level in nearly eight years, but with the growth of proxy varieties and the decline in agency Maori rates, we believe that there will be a fall in corporate net interest rates in the future.
Research and development projects have failed to meet the expected risks, the risk of bad receivables, and the uncertainty of vaccine risks. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. already has a securities investment advisory board.