The 5-priced oral rotavirus vaccine was approved and the company added a new pound of product to the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Incidents: The company issued a public announcement that the company's agent, Mercerton, was approved to market a five-priced troll virus-mitigated live vaccine (vero cell), which, according to the year WHO position paper, has been infected by almost all children three to five years after birth;
Once infected, infants and young children experience a brief decomposition, with severe diarrhoea and vomiting leading to dehydration and electrolytic disorders, shock, death, etc. Rotary viruses are a serious threat to the health of infants and young children. WHO recommends that the Rotary Virus vaccine be vaccinated as part of a comprehensive strategy for the control of diarrhoeal diseases.
At this point, only the State of Lang is listed on the market at a price of $172 per person per year, for an average of 7 million children per year for nearly eight years. The five-priced rotavirus vaccine was officially issued in the United States in 2006, with a procedure of 3 doses per person, and is now available in 95 countries and locations.
With a cumulative vaccination dose of nearly 222 million doses, providing protection to 79 million infants and young children worldwide, the region is one of the most widely used Rotavirus vaccines worldwide. The five-priced Rotavirus vaccine on the market is covered by common strains such as g1, g2, g3, g4 and g9, which have a strong advantage over the already marketed unit seedlings in the country.
Assuming a domestic price of $300 per unit for a five-priced rota virus vaccine, the dollar/agent = $3.1 billion, taking into account the company’s strong marketing capacity, can contribute conservatively to the company’s net profit of around $500 million and to another pound of the company’s product. Under the statutory requirements, the five-priced rota vaccine is subject to a multi-step process of importation, wholesale issuance, bidding, etc.
From the time it takes six to seven months to get a registered batch to be marketed, we expect that the five-priced rota vaccine will be rich in stocks of varieties and full medium- and long-term power. Products such as frozen dry hib vaccine, 15-price pneumonia vaccine, and rabies vaccine (mrc-5), developed by the company, will be followed by clinical batches.
At the same time, the company has the country’s largest and fastest-paced tuberculosis imitation product ladder, and now both the vaccine for prevention and the third generation of the ec diagnostic reagents have been clinically completed and are in the process of being produced, with approval expected at the end of 2018 or early 2019, considering that China is a major tuberculosis country and that there is a large market space for nodule products.
Over the next three years, there will be an outbreak of growth, high growth, low valuation, and maintenance of a “buy-in” rating. Seed sales are not as risky as expected; and the lack of vaccine supplies in Mercado leads to a risk of missing goods.
1. Twilight Flying Biologicals (300122): A slightly over-predicted performance in a quarter with a high rate of growth of the three seedlings 2. Twilight Flying Biologicals (300122): Three Hpv + four price hpv.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.