BIOLOGICAL OBJECTIVE (300122.sz) X-priced Hpv vaccine, which supplements the company's future performance
The company issued an announcement that the company had signed an Additional Agreement (ii) to the Supply, Distribution and Co-Promotion Agreement with Mershadong Pharmacy Co. Ltd. of the United States of America, and that the company continued to act as Mershadong in mainland China (not including Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan).
The market service is responsible for the import, distribution, and promotion of nine-priced Hpv vaccine products in mainland China. The nine-priced Hpv vaccine has been approved very quickly, and the firm has joined forces to promote its performance.
\triangleright 28 \triangleright obtained cfda ' s conditional listing approval at an extreme speed and the vaccine could prevent the Hpv-induced approximation of market data: 2 May 2018
90% of cervical cancer, the first vaccine in the world to include cancer as an adaptive form of disease, applies to women between 16 and 26 years of age in my country, using three doses of immunization, and is expected to be sold in the future at a price above $1,000.
For women in the 20-45 age group, three doses of immunization are also used.
In 2017, women in the 16-45 age group reached more than 3 basic figures, based on the Chinese Statistical Yearbook: 31 December 2017.
The Autonomous Triple is growing well, and the proxy vaccine has been approved in five-priced rotations. As a self-researched self-marketed global exclusive product, the company ac-hib is growing well, issuing more than 4.7 million vaccines throughout 2017, up from 2018.54% in 2016; the exclusive agent Mossatón.
Five-priced rotavirus vaccine has been marketed, currently sold in the country on a single basis in Lanzhou, with a market size of almost $1 billion in 17 years, and the product will be another pound of company product; a microcard and a third generation of ec diagnostic reagents have been declared and are now listed on the market at a price of 15 pneumoccals.
Several R & D products, such as vaccines, frozen rabies vaccine (mrc-5), have been gradually acquired to enter clinical research with bed batches and long-term sustainability of the company ' s development.
28th floor of ITC, 69 West Street, Taiwon City, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd.
(c) Maintenance of an “enhanced” rating.