The 9-priced hpv vaccine is on the market and will outperform the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre over the next three years.
Incident: The company announced that the agent ' s Hpv 9-priced Hpv vaccine was issued in the first batch. Nine Hpv vaccines were placed on the market at a significantly higher pace than expected, with a significant increase in performance in 2018. On 20 April, nine Hpv vaccines received conditional permission to be placed on the market for less than eight days, on 10 May, on a tender in Hainan Province, and on 23 May, on the Internet.
With the first batch on the market, it is expected that it will be officially marketed around July, which will increase the company’s performance significantly. Given that the global supply of hpv is in tens of millions of volumes, we conservatively estimate that one million will be contributed to the continent in 2018.
9 % and 4 % hpv vaccine complement each other well, and the company’s performance is high. The Hpv vaccine is three types of global vaccine: 1) 2 % Hpv vaccine produced by gsk to prevent cervical cancer at more than 70% Hpv, covering women aged 9-25 years, with a winning price of $580; 2) 4 % Hpv vaccine produced in the country: Moe
Shatun produced, promoted by the sole agent of the country's smart-flying organisms, in addition to having a preventive effect on more than 70 per cent of cervical cancers, it also prevents hysteria, etc., covering women aged 20-45 years, with a winning price of $798; and 3) 9-priced Hpv vaccine: produced by Mossatung, promoted by the sole agent of the country's smart-flying organisms, covering 16-26 years of age.
Price listings will be complemented by four prices: 1) age group: currently 4-priced hpv vaccinations and appointments, with full coverage for 16-45-year-olds; 2) price system: 9-price vaccines for advanced cities, high-end populations: 4-price vaccines for other middle-end populations. We think 4-priced and 9-priced hpv vaccines are super-high.
For women aged 16-45, there are 260 million in the stock market, with a very conservative assumed penetration rate of $156,234 million in net profits. While the market demand is strong, vaccines are hard to get, but the supply of specific Chinese markets and the impact on the company’s performance over the next few years are waiting for a subsequent purchase contract between the company and Mercerton.
The company’s own products, such as the frozen dry hib vaccine, the 15-priced pneumonia vaccine, and the frozen rabies vaccine (mrc-5), were successively provided with clinical batches, and the company’s follow-on staircases were stocked. At the same time, the company had the country’s most complete and fastest-paced tuberculosis imitation product ladders.
Both the vaccine for prevention and the third generation of ec diagnostic reagents are currently being reported at the production stage. They are expected to be approved by the end of 2018 or early 2019.
KIFO (300122): On the 9-price hpv vaccine, 2. JIFO (300122): Agent 9-priced Hpv seedlings are not sold as much as expected; lack of supplies of the Moshalton vaccine leads to the risk of lack of supplies.
Smooze, mass outbreaks of support company performance (2018-05-02) UDD and cervical cancer vaccine outbreak (2018-04-26)
During the period when the vaccine was approved and the company added a new pound, the triple seedlings were growing at a very high rate: 6 million, 10 million and 12 million, respectively, of Hpv vaccines at a four-price price.
Not one million, three million, and six million, respectively, with an overall Māori rate of around 45%. No one will receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, and not for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.