Wi-Fi (300122) Healthcare Pharmaceuticals, Biotech and Life Sciences 9-price hpv tender process & pricing over-expected, re-upturning profit predictions
Incidents: 1) Nine-priced hpv vaccine tender completed in Hainan Province in recent days at a tender price of $1298/consignment (originally projected at $1,000/consignment), expected to be supplemented in other provinces and cities, taking into account the subsequent import announcement sales, the listing process and bid price super-market expectations, which are also higher than we expected; 2) Mossatón
The recent suspension of Hong Kong ' s nine-price hpv supply and the expected transfer of Mercado from Hong Kong and other countries to mainland China is expected to exceed expectations in 18 years; 3) ac-hib (pre-filled) is expected to be marketed in 19 years, with a price forecast of approximately $270/contributions, which will contribute to the performance of the future 3D seedlings.
The first Pacific pharmaceutical industry boldly proposed a “19-year net profit of 3 billion” and an 18-year net profit vaccine is expected to contribute 8 billion net profits with a reasonable valuation of 200 billion. Please refer to a series of pre-period corporate and industry depth reports.
The nine-price hpv bid progress & pricing overpredicted, and the performance contribution of the Hpv vaccine (four-price plus nine) continued to exceed expectations. 1) The bidding process exceeded expectations: the beneficiary countries were driven by top-down policies, the nine-price hpv import approval and the bidding process continued to exceed expectations.
Ji Fei Bian, "Nine Price Hpv Vaccine Agent Landed, Marked, Other Provinces and Municipalities are expected to complete the bid, taking into account subsequent import declarations, ISA tests, etc. "Mechanicals on a quarterly basis" - 2018/04/25
(iii) Four-price + nine-price hpv vaccine is expected to contribute more than 1 billion net profits over 18 years: Cervical Organisms, Best Sales, First Breaks.
- 2018/04/23 Four-price hpv sales of 700,000-800,000 per quarter, contributing more than 100 million net profits, which have been realized on a quarterly basis.
The new vaccine's “violent aesthetics” logic. It's expected that Hpv will sell about 6 million copies a year, I - 2018/03/01 - more than 700 million net profits, and Hpv is expected to sell about 1.5 million copies in 18 years.
About 300 million net profits, nine + four prices hpv together are expected to contribute more than 1 billion net profits over 18 years; about 1.9 billion net profits are expected together (70 million net profits over four and 1.1 billion net profits over nine).
Using the assumption that a population aged 16 to 26 years would receive a 9-price Hpv vaccine and a 4-price Hpv vaccine for a population aged 27 to 45 years, with a peak sales income of more than 15 billion yuan and a net profit of about 2.8 billion yuan, a detailed breakdown of performance and projections can be found at the end of the page.
The three-year-old MLD & hpv & 5-priced & prophylactic microcarat & 15-price pneumonia & 3-generation dysentery will show how the 8 billion net profits are derived. The exclusive ac-hib benefits will gradually replace the heb single, ac-combined, which is expected to contribute more than 1.1 billion net profits; the Hpv vaccine (nine + four prices)
The peak is expected to make a net profit of 2.8 billion dollars; the DTP vaccine of 18q3-q4 is expected to be marketed for sale; the nine-price hpv bidding process & pricing is expected to raise the profit forecast again; the steady state is expected to make a net profit of over 500 million; ec diagnostic+preventive microcards are expected to be available for 19 years.
It is expected that the peak sales will be about 3 million, making a net profit of 1 billion dollars; three-generation ecstasy is expected to yield profit projections and investment proposals for 21 years. Top sales, first-ever, big-time, big-time, 18-year-old, 100 billion-dollar market value, medium-term 200 billion market value. Markets are aware of Ji Fei's ability to sell, but markets are aware of it.
Disregarding the company’s strong product lines (own + agent), vaccine companies are expected to break 3 billion net profits in the first place, exceeding 8 billion net profits in the medium term. Assuming that the Hpv supply is sufficient at 4/9 and is inoculated among the applicable population, the listing of the Hpv at 9 will significantly increase the company’s performance and increase the company’s performance.
Net profits, a reasonable valuation of 200 billion dollars, would open up long-term growth space and maintain a “buy-in” rating if therapeutic biopharmaceuticals were to break through.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report