\triangleright \triangleright \
The company achieved annual operating income of $5,401 million, an increase of 7.33 per cent over the same year; the parent net profit of $545 million, together with top-end computing, has sunk down into thinner areas.
Robust servers, high-density servers, blade servers, super-integrated integrated machine products, etc., can be oriented towards multiple applications, balancing performance, energy efficiency, and application ecology. As the policy of national substitution is advanced, high-end computer products produced by companies are widely applied to operators, finance, energy, the Internet, education, etc.
Industry clients, covering areas such as infrastructure, e-government, business informatization and city informatization. Assisting local data infrastructure development and building industry arithmetic support base. 1) Data infrastructure construction \triangleright
Establishment: The company participates in the construction of local data centres, based on advanced technologies such as leachate cold, high-density design, efficient power management, large-scale arithmetic movement of cloud platforms, automated carriers, clean energy, etc., to provide users with a holistic data centre infrastructure solution that supports the intensification, scalding and greening of data centres for high-quality distribution
(ii) Cloud computing services: companies have developed the capacity to provide full-scale cloud services. Dawn clouds are the main business model for building and operating “city clouds” in several cities throughout the country, basically creating a secure and credible urban cloud service system.
Kwok Xinyu provides cloud services and cloud technology services to government and business users based on the urban cloud computing centre. 3) Arithmetic services s 000100518120001
Platforms: The company layout builds the National Platform for Integrated Arithmetic Services, which is linked to a variety of computing centres throughout the country, supported by raw bottom resources, market-based operating mechanisms, open ecological systems and rich value-added services, providing "advanced, green, non-destructive" and "assessing power and numbers" to thousands of users
“According to, applying, operating, and delivering as one.” Advanced product and solution providers, storage and safety products open up long-term development space. 1) Storage 1. Central China Sun (603019.sh) Annual Report, 2022:
\triangleright National Product Calculating Industry Leader, "Intel +ai" double-wheel-drive product: February 2023, company xstor 1000 distributed block storage system shares first in two columns
Long 2023/04/19 China Mobile Collection Project; March 2023, Parastor stored two more in capacity- and performance-type 2. Central China Sunlight (603019.sh) 3rd quarter 2022
Two-to-two-first share of the mark, winning China's mobile distributed file storage centralized procurement project.) Network: fast-track performance assessment: doubling of non-performance in single quarters, profits: companies own hardware and software products and solutions such as flow analysis, network security, industrial controls, etc.
3. Mid-City Dawn (603019.sh) semi-annual 2022 performance review: q2 performance maintained high growth, net interest rate
In January, the company launched the Industrial Digital Thinking Platform “Autumn SugonriTM”, which proposed “According to a number of intellectual chairs, accelerating the number of real 4.
The process of integration, innovative industrialization, and the smart industrial strategy, which created core assets that were approved for listing, led to a revalued opportunity for companies.
Review: Continued optimization of profit margins and high growth of the IT-Chead validation - 2022/04/28 \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.