Mid-2023: Performance meets expectations, arithmeticals Keywords: #New Needs, New Policies  High-end Computers and Storage Products leading performances and continuing to benefit from new digital infrastructure.
The development of chips and technology, the increasing proportion of self-researched products, has achieved full-scale self-research of high-end server products, offering integrated products ranging from bottom-room infrastructure to systems hardware, software, etc., widely applied to operators, finance, energy, the Internet, education, etc.
The target product cans support hundreds of millions of small files with a cluster performance of more than one million tps, with a first-rate product performance; and the flash nodes, with the advantage of high performance and low-time delay, provide high-quality performance for core operations in new applications such as eda and autopilot.
For the third year in a row, China's mobile storage collection project has been endorsed by users on multiple sides, such as files, objects, blocks, etc. Future companies are expected to continue to benefit from new digital bases, such as East and West Counts.
The advantages of arithmetic national production leadership are significant: in terms of industrial empowerment, ai algorithms and large-scale national production models required in the age of intelligence, companies actively deploy national production servers and centres of intelligence, and have high-quality consortia such as sea light information, dawn light intelligence, and Chinese science-star maps, with significant technical advantages in terms of products.
The first four manufacturers to pass a credible numeracy service assessment at the National Institute of Information and Communications in the first half of 2023, participated in the construction of an integrated numeracy numeracy platform and the numeracy star map.
The project completed a full upgrade of the national integration numeracy platform ac5.0.
Release of the second round of results. The company's layout builds the National Platform for Integrated Arithmetic Services, which provides the basis for arithmetic for the original model of the Tung Tai, and the company will continue to benefit from the large model of the future from arithmetical predictions and investment ratings: we maintain the company's 2023-2025 ps projections.
To keep track of the performance of high-quality assets, such as sealight information, in the IT and ali markets, and to maintain the three major financial forecasting tables, Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.