2023H1 performance meets expectations and continues to benefit from arithmetic.
Events: On 24 August 2023, China published its semi-annual report for 2023. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $5,401 million, an increase of 7.33 per cent over the same period; a net profit of $545 million, an increase of 15.10 per cent over the same period; and a net profit of $305 million, an increase of 11.74 per cent over the same period.
During the reporting period, corporate business income and net profits both grew on the same basis and performed as expected. Meanwhile, companies increased production by billions of yuan, or 33.23 per cent, to consolidate and expand their markets. In recent years, the company ' s Māori ratio has risen gradually, reaching companies in the first half of the year.
The Māori rate is 26.04%, compared to the same period last year +2.05 ptt. Companies have continued to improve their marketing management capacity, expanding their marketing teams and channels partners, optimizing service management systems and service levels, upgrading, increasing research and development inputs and increasing brand influence. During the reporting period, companies invested $1,224 million in research and development.
And the larger R & D investment, which continues to improve the corporate R & D environment and the R & D management system so that the public sector maintains a high level of technological innovation. To date, companies have three leading international intelligent production bases, five major R & D centres, and cumulative R & D investment of $6,189 million between 2020 and the end of this report.
At the end of the reporting period, companies and subsidiaries had been granted 1,163 patents, of which 786 had been created. The product matrix was rich and the whole industry chain was developing in tandem.
The product covers common, high-end computers, hardware equipment for liquid cooler rooms, distributed storage products, network security products, large data platforms, cloud computing platforms.
Products and solutions such as network security, big data, cloud computing, and completion of the whole production chain layout of the "chip-end-cloud", together with holdings and participation in a number of high-quality assets, such as sealight information, neutron maps, dawn cloud computing, Chinese science III, China Sky machines, dawn creation, etc., create synergies in the industrial chain.
Artificial intelligence leads the technological revolution, and demand for arithmetic ends continues to erupt. According to idc data, in 2022, smart computing reached 26.8 billion times a second (eflops) and is expected to reach 52.3 per cent of cagr over the next five years, with the company ' s core computing product performance increasing and its digital infrastructure increasing.
During the reporting period, the Chinese Institute of Information and Communication Technology published the results of the first assessment of a credible numeracy service, which was successfully evaluated through the `Credible Arithmetic Platform' and was one of the first four to be adopted.
In June, Omnibus became a participant and access service provider in the Beijing Arithmetic Networking Validation Platform, with the release of the results in phase two, and was awarded the honour of being the first demonstration unit of the Cncos project, a pilot pilot company and a major contributor.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
You have a second-tier market experience and a long-term focus on science and technology companies.