Quarterly review 2023: The industrialization of new products is moving fast, and October 29, 2023 marked increases in the Māori sales rate
Keywords: #Import Substitution Events: Companies issue 3-Quarterly 2023.  Market development for new products has shown remarkable results and 2023q3 revenue ends continue to grow robustly
2023q1-q3 achieved operating income of $2.75 billion, compared to +39 per cent; of this amount, q3 achieved revenues of $1,140 million, compared to +29 per cent. Sub-products, semiconductor cleaning equipment continued to grow rapidly.
At the end of 2023q3, the company's inventory and contractual liabilities were sufficient. As product lines continued to grow and client recognition increased, the company's future orders were expected to continue to grow at a high rate.
▪ The impact of the improvement in the Māori rate on the increase in the hedge cost rate, with a robust increase in the non-mortality net profit of $2023q1-q3 resulting in a net return profit of $673 million, i.e. +53 per cent, of which q3 is the main driving force, and we assume that we benefit mainly from the effects of product structural optimization and scalination.
The increase in the cost rate is more marked, mainly because of the continued increase in research and development inputs by companies, the consumption of materials and the further expansion of the Division's revenue volume, the effect of which is that the cost rate will decrease and the level of profit will be the rapid expansion of the overseas market, the pecvd, and the opening up of the growth space for coating equipment.
In mid-2023, while maintaining the status of the country's leader in cleaning equipment, the company was actively embellished, pecvd equipment and improved industrial layout. 1) Cleaning equipment: October 2021, the world's leading half.
Report: A significant increase in profitability, ultracsaps front-way cleaning equipment demo order from the new manufacturer of the ultracsaps, two ultracsapsv ultrasapsv swabs from a leading international semiconductor manufacturer in the United States in December 2021
Ordering, February 2023, a single saps megasonic cleaning equipment order from a global semiconductor manufacturer in Europe. 2) Pecvd equipment: December 2022, company officially launched Autonomous Knowledge.
The ultrapmaxpecvd device has been licensed to enter the production line for certification.
Line-type devices, and we've started to develop krf-type devices to open up more room for growth. Equity incentives for future development.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.