Reduction in the size of the debt cover, differentiation of self-investment performance - wide distribution of securities (000776), mid-term performance report released on the evening of 29 August.
Business income was $7.61 billion, reflecting a 26.37 per cent decline in the same year, and a net return to the mother of $2.858 billion, which was the main reason for the company’s poor performance in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, only $570 million in net investment income was realized, a sharp decrease of 57.3 per cent of the same year) Equity financing: the company completed nine equity funders in the first half of the year, equity funders Financial consultants: the company achieved a net income of $127 million in the first half of the year, a decrease in the same year
41.23%. However, the company has seven major asset restructuring projects as a financial consultant, with a better-ranked team and a strong reserve of project resources. 4) Overseas investment: Hong Kong has performed relatively well in the first half of the year and has completed major underwriting (including ipo, refinancing and bond issuance),
11 projects, such as financial consultants and mergers and acquisitions. We believe that the industry of the bond underwriting market is the main reason for the poor performance of companies, that the number and amount of corporate underwriters are still at the forefront of the industry, and that competitiveness has not been fundamentally weakened in the medium to long term.
The investment returns fell by more than 30%, and the firm made better self-employment. In 2018, the company made investments from $2.99 billion, a significant 35.5% decline in the same year.
In the first half of the year, the company continued to fall down, with a large amount of large-scale blue-share equity holdings falling considerably. We measure the net return on investment by “investment returns + gains and losses on fair value changes”, and we measure the net return on investment.
The net return on beneficial investment was $433 million, a significant decrease of 151% from last year’s high base of $848 million. By contrast, the company had a good return on bond self-employment. By better controlling the length of the portfolio, leverage and size of the investment, it captured a phased market opportunity.
The company’s overall performance of its own investments has been largely synchronized with that of the big market, showing a weak stock position. Brokering, relatively robust capital, and the development of the “Betta Cattle” are promising.
In the area of services, the net revenue from company fees and commissions was $92 million, a significant increase of 64.89 per cent over the same period, reflecting a steady advance in the transformation of corporate wealth management. In the area of management, net operating income was $590 million, a decrease of 23.71 per cent over the same period. However, with the new regulations governing the management of the capital, however, broad-based funding has steadily advanced.
By the end of June 2018, the size of the financing facility was ranked 8th in the securities industry and 5th in the net income of the entrusted asset management business. In addition, the company continued to move forward in the fields of technology and artificial intelligence.
Three periods of optimization have been completed, with 650,000 successful clients, 80% of which have managed to win the comparative benchmark, and $7.2 billion in sales of financial products. At the same time, the company’s gold-picking app has been further upgraded and has now become a trade-and-money-consolidated asset.
Management terminals, sales and transfers of financial products amount to 98,373 million yuan. Moreover, in the first half of the year, there was a serious decline in self-employment, but the company ' s combined strength was at the forefront of the securities firm and still had an advantage in terms of the size of the business, and we expect that in the medium to long term, the two operations would probably be warming.
And companies are strong in brokering, financial management, and the continued empowerment of financial science and technology will help them grow steadily. We expect the company to return to its net profit share in 2018/2019-2020.