Ficca's leverage level has been significantly raised - the semi-annual review of the wide issue of securities (000776), the recent release of the semi-annual report for 2018, which achieved a business income of $7.61 billion for the company 2018h1, a 26.4 per cent decline in comparison; net repatriation
The profit of $2.86 billion, a decrease of 33.6 per cent, was $3.904.7 billion in total assets, an increase of 9.4 per cent from the beginning of the period; the parent ' s net asset of $841.1 billion, a higher level than at the end of the period. We believe that the firm, as the leader of the securities industry, has significantly increased its leverage level, reflecting a higher level of faith in the future prospects of the industry.
Corporate business income fell by 74.3 per cent, becoming the major drag on corporate performance. Corporate corporate operating expenditure fell by 14.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, cushioning the negative impact on performance of the decline in Eastern financial intelligence, with major spending cuts concentrated on investment and investment management, with operating expenditure falling by 64.1 per cent, respectively.
Financial science and technology underpins the wealth management portfolio. The wealth management portfolio of the 2018h1 company achieved revenue of $3.82 billion, a small decrease of 1.3 per cent over the same period.
Good progress has been made in upgrading gold-eating apps into trading and wealth-based wealth-management terminals, while strengthening internationalization and service-building. The number of mobile phone securities subscribers in 2018h1 companies exceeds 18,57 million, an 18% increase from the end of last year. We believe that the growing number of mobile clients will further reduce the marginal cost of retail brokering services.
The easy-to-motivated business model shifts to aum, further reducing the volatility of performance. The management business is under pressure, with new rules on the way. 2018h1 company managed business revenue of $2.38 billion, a 29.7 per cent decline in comparison with the previous year, slightly exceeding expectations. \triangleright
By the end of June 2018, the size of the pooled, targeted and earmarked schemes managed by the broad-based fund was 16.7 per cent lower than at the end of 2017; the firm ' s commitment to transformation was stronger, with short-term throes to return to the source ' s business model offering long-term benefits owing to the fact that the size of the company ' s fiduciary funds ranked eighth in the securities industry, fifth in the net income ranking, and larger management scale transitions being more difficult than other smaller securities companies.
Corporate operations. The net value of corporate asset management is currently 45.9 billion yuan, a decrease of 13.8 per cent compared to the beginning of the year. \triangleright spending has also slashed by 64.1 per cent, reflecting the company’s more flexible operating mechanisms.
The increase in credit operations and the high level of business risk management capacity. 2018h1 companies achieved interest income of $2.09 billion on finance coupons, an increase of 4.6 per cent; \triangleright
The interest income on pledge buy-back transactions was $780 million, a significant increase of 52.3 per cent over the same period, owing to the fact that the company ' s previous pledge operations were more prudent in their operation, and that the overall size was relatively small among the leading bond dealers, and was less negatively affected by impairments in the event of a significant withdrawal of the market. The company stock pledge policy, Ficc, was growing faster, with international development potential. 2018h1, the share of self-employed fixed-income securities and their derivatives in net capital was derived from the ratio of net capital.
In addition, the company’s external ficc investment trading and product platform, which covers 22 countries and territories in Asia, Europe, and the Americas, and includes bonds and structured products. We look forward to the company’s flexible and robust business strategy, as well as its more leveraged performance elasticity, with a broad range of development prospects.
The stock market has contracted further, the solidified business has not developed as expected, the managed business has not changed as expected, the operating losses have increased, the source of the Eastern financial boom, the source of the Eastern financial boom.
In 2016, he invested in the Tianyang Real Estate industry.
I've been working for years at Tseng, Yunfeng Finance, Hong Kong.
In 2018, he joined the Eung Xing Stock Exchange to study the non-banking financial sector. The researcher's own opinion is that any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies