China Consort (601,800) Construction decorations for the benefit of Reits and the South-West Securities Research and Development Center for steady performance
• Events: The company released its mid-year report in 2022, where it achieved business income of $363.92 billion in the first half of the year, which was slower than the net return profit growth rate in the same period last year. By section, capital construction operations achieved 32.2323 billion yuan, an increase of 6.6 per cent compared to the same period.
The increase in revenue from internal trade was due to increased purchases by major groups. The revenue from offshore areas was $5.110 billion, an increase of 5.7 per cent over the previous period, while the cost rate improved and the public fund-raising of the rbts disposal project increased net profits.
Lower levels of profitability due to further increases in the revenue contribution of the large integrated epc project; establishment and clean-up of the dredging industry, with a ratio of management costs to -0.5 pp; and increased exchange rate gains from the appreciation of the United States dollar and interest income from the investment category, resulting in a ratio of financial costs to -0.58 pp.
The total amount of $2.83 billion is $1.21 billion more than last year. The distribution of the public fund-raising reits disposal project generated investment gains of $2.08 billion, or +361.1 per cent, of the net cash flows generated by the operation, which decreased by $18.89 billion, mainly as a result of better management of payments received by companies, and the financial asset model, ppp.
In the first half of the year, the company launched its first single public fund-raising campaign, the China of Huaxia, to build a high-speed reit, stock and stock.
In May, China's cross-border disclosure broke down its subsidiary, the Public Regulatory Council, the First Chamber, and the Second Chamber, and will be placed on the market as an independent listing platform in the area of engineering design advice, building financial capacity, strengthening top-level design, and deepening structural reforms through listing financing. In May, the company united the maritime wind power sector.
The establishment of China Peak Wind and Power Development Co. Ltd., whose main business is investment in offshore wind and wind equipment, is currently in the lead domestically in the field of offshore wind and power construction and wind installation, with market ownership of over 50 per cent, and the establishment of a joint venture, Wind and Wind, will help the company to further scale up and consolidate.
A company profile: China’s leading traffic capital enterprise, the main exchange, is listed as China’s first mega-state capital enterprise to be listed on the entire overseas capital market.
On 9 March of that year, the company’s first publicly released shares were placed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, making it a secondary leap in its development. The company is the world’s largest port, the company for the design and construction of roads and bridges, and the world’s largest dredging company: China’s largest international engineering contractor, China’s largest highway investor: the world’s largest engineering flotilla.
The company’s controlling shareholders are the China-China group, holding 57.99% of the shares in the Chinese inventory, and the State Treasury Committee of the State Council holding 100% of the shares in the Chinese-China consortium, which is the firm’s realist. The remaining major shareholders include the Hong Kong Central Clearing House Ltd., and the Chinese Securities and Finance Corporation.