Chang-An (000625.sz): Stabilizing the new light, “national wisdom”, sailing overseas with self-autonomous ambition, blending the fuel truck with “emplacement” and full-priced branding of the trams, “retrenchment”. The company speeds up the new power of the fuel truck.
The pace of the source transition, the p2+p13+additional program, is active at the same time, choosing the right mix based on product definition to meet the needs of differentiated users. In parallel with the three brands, the Source+Deep Blue+Avita achieves a “low-medium-high” segmented market coverage that helps to build a clear branding awareness, enhances the company’s market dominance in the pure electricity sector and opens a new round of high-end exploration.
Of these, the primary home power market, which focuses on 10.2 million, is designed to create a completely new image of the "Long An" brand to be cut off from past fuel trucks; deep-blue target of 150,000 to 300,000 electric blue sea markets, promoting "power, smart double-equality" with a variety of complementary and high-value smart technologies, taking on the corporate "upweight" mission; and Alveta positioning high-end intelligence.
Electric brands will be launched in 24 years, with 2 moving products that target 200,000 yen in volume, anchor the mainstream population, and provide added-up dynamic choices, and the diversity of power and price choices will help Avita to open up the sales space and drive Chang An up.
We believe that if this cooperation is successful, the company will have a multi-dimensional return: 1) the company is expected to gain full access to Chinese R & D, technology and product resources through joint ventures and to take the lead in using the autonomous model to help the public.
The Division's share of the market for smart electric vehicles in the era of “software definition of cars”; 2) the production, marketing experience and brand influence of China in the consumer electronics sector for over 20 years will add to the definition and marketing strategy of the company; 3) the Chinese end-user base is huge, the online operating system matures, can attract the company and bring significant product exposure, and perfect internal and external channels.
The layout and mature end-marketing experience can also enable companies to reach their users quickly and complete the marketing conversion; 4) If the joint venture division is able to achieve sound profits in the future with multiple capacities, it will increase the return on corporate investment. Heiner Bichuan’s plan is to gradually break out of the sea barriers, leading to autonomous transformation from products to value chains.
The “Four Ones” development goals were defined in the Kawakami plan, which set out the “Five Major Layouts” and provided strategic ideas for Chang An's car to break out of the hard point of the sea on a case-by-case basis, to deal with frictions in international trade. The company, with Thailand as the bridgehead step-by-step radiationd the global right rudder market. The first new energy production base at the foreign right rudder had started work, with an initial capacity of 100,000 vehicles and a second upgrade to 200,000 vehicles planned for 25 years q1.
In addition to the planned production of capacity-building in regions such as Europe and South America, the establishment of spare parts storage and distribution centres, technical training centres, etc., will continue to be carried out overseas, as well as the development of indigenous technology, operations and marketing teams, the creation of home-grown products, and the rapid shift from “products out of the sea” to “value chain globalization” and the re-establishment of the global automotive chain.
The present report focuses on determining and looking ahead to the competitive advantages, moats and development directions of the long-term vehicle by going back to the history of long-term automobile development, exploring the strategic significance of the current layout, and looking ahead to future planning. Three main questions have been answered:
1) Retrospectively: What is the secret to the autonomous rise of the Chang An car? 81.41%, and the company’s ownership of the first three autonomous brands by car market. We believe that “brand + manufacturing capacity + product power + channel” is the four core drivers of the autonomous rise of Chang An:
More than one brand strategic addition, with full market coverage for the “low-middle-high” segment: perfect brand layout and accurate brand positioning are key to branding, with companies covering full-sized, full-priced vehicles through multiple brands, with Avita undertaking the task of upscaling and premiuming support items; deep blue targeting of the younger middle-end electric market, directed towards the pursuit of young sports, technology and technology.
The "upweight" tasks of the diverse population; the source and the deep blue complement, with a greater focus on family users, are designed to create a brand cut for the "Long-Ann" brand, create a brand image for the brand, create a brand cut for the fuel truck, and expand the brand 's brand value while increasing the brand value of the owner ' s own brand, and this "multi-brand strategy" helps to build a clear brand perception and create a "synchronous effect" between brands.
Two hundred-year-old industrially manufactured genes that import enabling products and new products: with four platform structures, companies effectively reduce product development and iterative cycles at a faster rate than industry averages, and are therefore able to respond more quickly to changes in consumer demand.
Further enrichment of the product lines, with pre-emptive advantage, is expected to create a lopsided competition, thereby widening the market share; 3 blasts are highly shaped, and strong product power is key to sustained high sales: M10 was autonomous in 2019-2023, with a 14/34 car-type victory, leading the mainstream autonomous brand, and with cs75plus (the stable month after four years on the market).
Sales remain at around 20,000) as a long life cycle model. The company’s high success rate and long life cycle is largely due to the product’s own characteristics, such as precision of location, lack of obvious short lines, reasonable pricing, and experience of overstepping, as well as its ability to meet new demand in the market by upgrading and replacing it.
Incentives and strong control over market demand are key factors in the ability of the consumer-centered product to have these characteristics; 4 “customer-centred” marketing, which determines the likelihood that sales will eventually fall to the ground, in a digital and diversified manner: the distribution of distributors at the end of the channel of the public division is carried out in direct association, combined online and below-line, and the overall distribution of channels provides for rapid growth in sales.
The base has been built, and the channel “oil and electricity separation” has been initially completed, to avoid a mix-car and fuel-car co-network that weakens the mix-type price advantage and contributes to the transformation of new energy sources. Two data platforms, cdp and adp, have been developed to achieve direct company-to-user and sales consultant connectivity, and to achieve the company's full process of “promotion from pre-to-store marketing to post-store sales conversion” through data endowments.
Marketing targets and improved client satisfaction, with a two-platform enablement, the company is at the top of the "2023 China Marketing Services Satisfactory" autonomous brand list. Moreover, data capture will help companies to reassign their post-sales services markets in the future.
With regard to electrification, the adoption of a two-way strategy of pure electricity and hybrid vehicles, which transforms the vast fuel stock market and channel base to new energy sources through the development of hybrid products, has helped to meet policy requirements by shifting the “shiphead” to new energy sources using the advantage of the fuel-car era, at a stage when the distribution of pure electricity markets is not yet complete and battery technology is yet to be broken.
The benefits of the product contribution can also reduce the financial pressure that companies need to invest in and operate in the pure electricity sector. At the same time, companies are also stepping up the expansion of the pure electrical layouts and the break-through of the pure card point technology, covering different markets for the pure electricity segment through three major brands, to raise the market by opening sources, deep-blue harvests of the mainstream price belt, high-end brand premiums for Avita, and to break through batteries.
Technical difficulties, filling of electrical shorts, deepening the grasp of the battery's entire chain to ensure the supply of raw materials and achieve a reduction. Full mixing of 1v marks to achieve a “stock increase”, product definition is key to the success of mixing: mixing with electricity has three advantages: “complementary speed + mileage anxiety + a balance of pure driving experience”, 2025 for fuel cars.
Each year, the blended market space is expected to reach 5.303 million. The company is using its power system advantage to create an IEDd on a key fuel-car-loading model, to start the process of electrification of the fuel-car, followed by a p13 and an extra program mix to meet the characteristics of different products, such as the start-up branding of the economy, while the p13 is structured in terms of fuel consumption and integrated renewal.
(b) The three arrows “Initiative + Deep Blue + Avita” have been launched, and the new energy product cycle has opened up to drive the acceleration of the electrification transition: the new energy market, with a 10-20 million mass home-based energy market, is expected to expand the main brand ev layout, which is now available at a07, a05, q05.
A06 is also approaching, with the opening of a new cycle that promises to lead the start-up brand to break through the profit/loss balance line as soon as possible, and a self-researched sda bottom volume vehicle that can be converted from suv to pickup, with a planned q4 volume in 2024; deep blue swords, which means 15-300,000 electric cars in the blue sea market, driving "electric, smart, double-equality" in a variety of complementary and high-valued smart technologies.
The market is now 14 months old, and two Sl03 and S7 models based on the Epa1 platform have been launched, which foresees the future sale of up to 12,000 Sl03 steady state vehicles, and S7 has learned from the Sl03 experience to deliver on-the-market, with 35 days of cumulative deliveries of tens of thousands and sales of the same amount; Aveta locates high-end smart electric vehicles, and collects Chang An, Wah, Ningde.
The technological advantages of the era are expected to drive the Chang An brand upwards, the first Avita 11 has been put on the market, the first car has been made unpriced, and the first car has been placed on the market for 20 days at a maximum of 20,000, with explosive potential, and in 2024, Avita will also be able to launch two batches, e15 and e16, with 200,000-sized, anchored and mainstream products.
(b) 3 power switching and battery self-reflectioning, working to complete the power plate: the company, in collaboration with Uranium, is expected to work through the “car separation” model to address slow battery recharge, short range and reduce user acquisition costs, thereby stimulating electric power.
Vehicle sales; at the same time, the company started the battery revolution by self-researching an efficient and secure “Golden Bell” battery, building a long An power cell in a joint venture with the Ninder era, and signed a memorandum of cooperation with the lithium industry to promote (a half) solid-state battery development and volume production to break through the liquid battery energy density “Scalort” to provide another solution to the long-range anxiety.
A breakthrough in battery technology bottlenecks is expected to strengthen the company’s competitiveness in the new energy track. In terms of intelligence, the company’s deepening collaboration with Hua Xuan is expected to take full advantage of China’s technology, channels, and marketing experience.
In order to provide three modes of cooperation to meet the needs of car firms for customization, the company is currently the only one using the Hi model. On November 25, 2023, the company signed an investment cooperation memorandum with China, which proposes to establish a joint venture to deepen cooperation in the area of automobile smart systems and components solutions, with no more than 40% of the company’s equity.
In our view, if this cooperation is successful, the company will have a multi-dimensional return: (1) as the first shareholder of the joint venture, apart from China, the company is expected to gain full access to Chinese R & D, technology and products, and to take the lead in applying state-of-the-art smart technologies to autonomous vehicle models to help the company take advantage in the era of software definition of automobiles.
Two-cent product definition, advertising, marketing experience and brand influence in consumer electronics will also add value to the public sector definition of products and marketing strategy; three-centres are large end-user bases, mature online operating systems, and allow companies to channel and expose large amounts of products.
In addition, China ' s well-developed internal and external channels and mature end-marketing experience can also quickly reach users and finish (4) finance a new joint venture with China that can achieve sound profits with multiple capacities will boost corporate investment revenues) focusing on how firms can tap into the important growth poles of overseas markets in stock market games.
1 Heinau Bichuan, released with clear strategic guidance: In April 2023, Jang's "Heiner Bichuan" project was launched, identifying the "Four Ones" development goal of "a breakthrough of $10 billion in overseas markets, 1.2 million annual sales in overseas markets, 10,000 overseas business practitioners, and a "Four Ones" brand of the world's leading automobiles.
“Accelerating product and output layout, strengthening branding, enhancing marketing service layout, accelerating market layout and strengthening organizational, talent layout”, the “five main layouts” for Chang-Ann's car to break through the sea of heavy distress, to effectively respond to international trade frictions.2 The Thai starting point is the global right rudder market, which is dedicated to catching up with its best friends in the sea: 2023.
With 358,000 vehicles exported, fourth in the brand, the gap between Chiré and the upper wind is mainly due to the fact that the right-wing product markets, such as Thailand, Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and South Africa, have not yet entered the market. To this end, the Chang An vehicle uses Thailand as a strategy for globalization. Bridgehead, opened its first overseas right-wing new energy production base in November 2023, and plans to start production in q1 in 2025, and
Full delivery was opened in January 2024, when customer focal points, spare parts storage and distribution centres, technical training centres will be established on an ongoing basis overseas, building indigenous technology, landing on Thai markets and obtaining over 5,000 orders in aggregate, and will also be imported into the South-East Asian market for more than seven new energy products, including Aveta, Lumin, e07 and so on, starting in 2024.
By 2030, it is expected that 15 new energy products will be released to promote the spread of intelligent driving. “Research marketing”, “localization of technologies, products, services, etc., will promote autonomy.
The shift from “products out of the sea” to “value chain globalization” is reshaping the global automobile industry.
Founded in 1862 and listed in 1997 as one of the four largest groups of Chinese automobiles, with a long history of over 160 years, the birther of China’s first jeep, microcar, is currently mainly engaged in whole-car research, manufacturing, marketing and engine development, production, and active development of new operations such as mobile travel, auto-life services, new marketing, electricity exchange services, etc.
Looking back at the company’s development, it can be divided into five main phases: (1) Recent industrial pioneers, with the rich countries as strong soldiers (1862-1956): the Marine Artillery Bureau on the front of Chang-Ann’s car.
Born in 1862, with 6,000-7,000 artillery shells per month, and with a strong arming of the late Qing National Defence Force, in 1938 it was renamed the 21st Army Plant of the Ministry of Military Affairs and Industry, providing 60 per cent of the armed ammunition for the fighting in the National Command Zone and escorting the resistance to victory.
(ii) “Civil-military integration”, a prototype of the microcar layout (1957-1983): after the formation of the new China, Chang An responded positively to the policy of production in the era of peace in the central “Civil-Military integration, learning two sets of skills”, selecting the jeep as one of the long-term products of the people, and successfully producing the Jangang-type 46 jeep in 1958, filling the gap in the Chinese auto industry in the field of off-road models;
In 1978, during the oil crisis and the opening of China's reforms, the Japanese Suzuki minibus, which had been selected for research and development purposes and which had been sustainable, was completed in September 1983.
It was the first home-made engine to be assembled and set on fire once, and the first model vehicle was completed the following month. The first Chinese minibus was born in January through road experiments and performance standards.
Formal technical cooperation with Suzuki Japan for the development of a micro-car and engine project, the launch of the “Long An” mini-year, the installation of Suzuki Oto in the car production area, the start of mass production in 1995 and the production of 50,000 vehicles; and the official launch of the “Long An Star” in 1999 by Chang An and Suzuki for four years.
In the area of minibuses, Chang-Ann's share of the market is about 28 per cent, leading the micro-car market. (4) “Commercial transit”, economic sedan first, suv stick (2006-2016, second period of business start-up): Chang-Aun's big sale, which took place at the time of the outbreak of a private car in the country, Chang-Am's car management was released in 2006
Affordable brand car development strategy, with the first sedan of the same age, “Run-down”, opening the market with a “low price + cute look”, followed by the introduction of vagabonds, glitters, etc., to gradually improve the layout of the vehicle area; in 2010, the demand-driven autonomous brand began to develop a dynamic suv model, with the Changan car holding on to the suv dividend.
In 2012, the cs-s35 series first-car type filled a tight suv market gap, and in 2014, another suv-cs75 was launched, with a cumulative break-up of 10 million vehicles during that year; in 2015 and 2016, the C-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s.
(5) The transformation of smart electrification to capture the share of the new energy races (2017-present, third period of entrepreneurship): as competition in the domestic passenger car market increased, the total volume of cars sold in 2017 fell for the first time, mainly in the form of autonomous branded cars, the pace slowed and the long Anfort sales fell off cliffs, putting pressure on the company's profit end.
The transition is imminent. To this end, Chang An has launched a third innovative entrepreneurship strategy to accelerate the pace of electro-intelligent intelligence, with the successive launch of the new energy “Shangerira” and the intelligent “Beidou Consort” in 2017 and 2018.1 With regard to fuel vehicles, the Blue Whale Power was released in 2019 to boost product power levels and launched in June of the following year.
(a) The un-t of the un-sequence first-car, which succeeded in driving the brand upwards and effectively stabilized the lead in the sale of the long-term autonomous brand;
In the area of new energy, Chang-Aon worked with Ningd's era in 2021 to build a new energy high-end Avi Tower, a sword for 300,000 plus a new high-end energy vehicle market, and upgraded the former "Long-Ann energy" brand to a young, technological one in 2022.
The digital pure electricity brand, Deep Blue Motors, was re-created in 2023 as a home-based start-up brand, covering new energy sector-wide users through the “Initiative + Deep Blue + Avita” model, using a strategy that combines medium- and low-end top-up with high-end branding, to support a shift from single-scale growth to “scale + benefit + value creation” for high-quality development.
In view of the history of the long-term development of the Cheonan automobile, we have found that the solid military-industrial genes have laid down a “dry” business management culture, that the development and development of micro-cars has provided the basis for technological experience and marketing outlets for the implementation of the vehicle operations, and that joint ventures have been established with foreign companies such as Suzuki, Ford and Majeida to learn and learn from the techniques of car manufacturing, marketing, process management, etc.
Building a joint venture model to build up car-making experience and seed capital, and then taking ownership of the market share of the joint venture, once it has become self-sufficient, and moving away from dependence on the joint venture, the joint venture is becoming marginalized. We believe that the long-term strategic plan for the Cheonan car is far-sighted, precise analysis of industry trends, technology, product foresight.
The layout is a strong guarantee that Chang-Am will respond quickly to changing market demand and capture the dividends of change in the multi-wheeled industry; it is constantly changing, and maintaining positive development and autonomous innovation is the driving force behind the growing brand and sustainable high-quality development of the Cheon-Am vehicle.
2.2. Equity and branding: The stock structure is clear and stable, the multi-brand strategy continues to add value, the real holdings of the China Armored Equipment Group are accelerated and the new energy layout is accelerated. As of 30 September 2023, the company effectively controls about 39.6 per cent of the shares of the direct and indirect holdings of the China Armored Equipment Group, and the ownership structure of the company is clear.
And the two main components of the joint venture, on the one hand, with the ownership of the Keyseng car (focusing on the commercial car business), the Chang An brand (focusing on the car industry, including the new energy brand, "Long An Qin") and the two new energy brands of the Deep Blue and the Avita cars, on the other hand, with the ownership of three companies: the Riverbell, the Long Anfort and the Long Amajda.
Multi-brand co-development captures different segmented markets and contributes to high-end exploration and overall competitiveness. With a single brand that is difficult to cover full class, full-priced vehicle models, and that blurs car-type positioning boundaries, resulting in consumer perception bias, the search for high-end cars has become a drag, and therefore a “multi-brand strategy” has been adopted to satisfy the multi-purpose and full-scale needs of users.
(i) Long-Ann's two-line "Pure Power + Combine" parallels the brand cutting of past fuel trucks. 1 Classic sequence: perfecting existing fuel vehicle brands (v tag +uni sequence + Oshan), full-scale transformation of the "intellectual idd" mix, sharing R & D and platform funds.
Source, resulting in an increase in stock; 2 Opening brands: As Aveta and Dark Blue are both independent of Chang-Ang, self-contained systems, the original brand is designed to create a brand for the "Long-Am" brand, which is designed to create a brand for the "Long-Am" brand, and a past fuel vehicle, cutting it to enhance the value of the "Long-Am" brand, while expanding the purely branded "ev layout"; the brand is located at 10-20 million.
Focusing on a popular new energy market, product-modernity favouring household use, comfort, economy, space class like the Biadi dynasty (2) Deep blue cars: combined with full power technology advantages of incremental, pure, hydrogen power, full power mainstream electric markets that can address the anxiety of new energy vehicles in terms of mileage and recharge, while deep blue-borne autonomously developed high-level driving support systems are in place
The two high-frequency scenes, “City traffic” and “Bureyard parking” have also performed well; the number of pure electric brands focuses on 1.5 to 300,000 price bands, brand-moderated young sports, technology fashion, and mainly oriented towards differentiated market groups. (3) Avita cars: strategic support for the long-assed car brand, positioning the middle-end smart electric car brand.
Emotional intelligence labels continue to be strengthened, with price zones concentrated on more than 300,000 people, competing with the new power of the head and luxury brands. (4) Keyseng cars: Focus on commercial vehicles, accelerating the transformation to pickups and smart logistics by integrating social resources with the rapid landing of intelligent logistics demonstration operations.
(5) Joint venture brands: open up a new era of joint ventures through parent-firm empowerment, further strengthening of business management, and sustained expansion of “technology, platforms, overseas” cooperation. We believe that the central purpose of high branding is to make consumers willing to pay higher brand premiums, thereby allowing businesses to gain access to them.
With overprofits to ensure continued profitability, the success of branding is the primary factor in determining the success or failure of an autonomous brand transformation, while perfect brand layout and clear brand positioning are key to a branding victory. The Chang An brand layout has been refined, with low, medium, and high-priced coverage, while different divisions are anchored through brands with different positioning and characteristics.
Market users are expected to generate brand “synergization” to achieve the downscaling, enhance overall competitiveness and contribute to faster high-end brand development, leading to a successful transition to smart, low-carbon venture technology.
The company is not shown in the chart because of its smaller holdings; (2) blue is a symmetrical operation (of which the dark blue has been included in the consolidated statement since February 2023), and pink is the return on investment. 2.3. Financial performance review: “Autonomous breakthrough + joint venture reduction + effective cost control”, corporate industry (1) volume: Autonomous new product cycle opened, joint venture conversions stimulated a bottom-up increase in sales, and support company revenue was released.
In the period 2012-2014, the company ' s tight domestic suv dividend period, successive roll-out of the multi-cs series, from exit to macroeconomic growth to the US-China trade war, the overall production of the automobile industry has been hampered, the company ' s own brand new product has slowed down, sales have increased at a lower rate than expected, and the roll-out of the long Anfort, Madydain and new models has lagged behind.
A steady and positive increase has been achieved under the lead of medium- and high-end blast vehicles such as plus, uni-t, and joint venture sales are also being repaired at both ends of the “Fort+Lincoln” product (fort sharpness, Lincoln adventurers/adventurers/flightrs, Madhacx-30s, etc., release of new items);
Cs55plus, truffle, etc., have performed well as the company sells the base plate, with un-v, Oshanz6 and lumi, etc., with new blast relays, the company’s revenue has continued to grow against the market, the backlog of company demand was released in 2023 with the outbreak’s liberalization, the sale of autonomous fuel and new energy vehicles (deep blues, sl03 runs) has gone well, and the company’s recovery has increased at a faster rate than expected.
(ii) Prices: The company's product structure continues to be optimized, pulling the autonomous asp upwards. The company's product structure is gradually shifting from micro-carrying to suv and car-based, with the classic sequence of autonomous brands welcoming the "plus" + high-end un series, high-end smart electric power, the brand "Avita" and the independent new energy brand "Deep Blue" landing, the firm's product upwards, and high-end positioning is increasing.
The price of autonomous bicycles rose from $76.3 million in 2016 to $8.25 million in 2023 h. Figure 3 Annual operating income of long cars and the same rate of increase (billion dollars; %) Average annual cost of autonomous brand cars of long cars (millions)
Figure 4 Wholesale volume and same rate of increase (millions; %) in the calendar year of long cars, asset structure optimization + the rise of autonomous plates and smooth profits. 1 2012-2016: investment gains, boosted net interest rate hikes. Investment returns on joint ventures and joint ventures increased from $1,861 million in 2012
The main reason for this is that the weakening of joint ventures has led to a significant decline in investment returns, with autonomy under a deep adjustment period of new and old rotations. Among these, profits, the return on investment of the main contributor, Anfort, fell from $6,039 million in 2017 (83.78 per cent of the net profit of that year) to $1.927 billion in 2019, mainly from the end of the life of the product, and the launch of the new product.
The slow pace, and the many quality problems with the flag-loading pattern, the significant de-escalation of Chang Anfort and the shift of the marketing structure to less profitable cars, low-end vehicles, led to a fall in volume prices of 54.38 per cent in 2018 and 51.30 per cent in 2019 respectively;
Specifically, on the autonomous side, the main drivers of corporate performance were the switch from joint ventures to autonomous brands, the improvement of joint venture brand profits and the divestment of assets, and the return of investment returns from long Anfort in 2021, the contribution of long Anmaeda to $11.43 million and $417 million, and the removal of bad business such as Long Anpsa, which resulted in a marked improvement in profit levels in 2021.
The net profit from the same ratio +150.9% and the return on joint ventures and joint ventures in 2022 was again lost mainly because of the company’s new energy transformation.
Source layout and reduction of excess capacity, company co-opt and pool revenue are expected to improve gradually. Period, upscaling, lower costs over time; Period 220117-2019: weak joint ventures, weak autonomy, combined sales costs for the Chang-Ang vehicles (2023q1-q3 combined with the increase in the overall sales costs of deep blue cars, corporate overall capacity to control costs and boost public access
At the top of the Division ' s profit margin, 2023q3 financial, sales cost ring ratios increased slightly, mainly in the deep blue, and the marketing of new brand names resulted in higher marketing costs, as well as higher financial costs for interest and currency exchange costs.
Figure 7 Cost performance during the calendar year of the GFAE (percentage) 14.84 per cent of the G-8 asset architecture optimization process, which is in the forefront of the industry, benefits mainly from a significant return of net interest rates, asset turnover and equity multipliers
Automotive firms show that companies use their fixed assets more efficiently and are better managed than industry. The increase in equity multipliers also shows that companies use their own funds more frequently, and that their solvency and financial stability are growing year by year.
Figure 10 Automotive Roe as compared to industry (%) Airbus fixed asset turnover and industry comparison (sub) 3. Autonomy as a major contributor to profitability, joint ventures have steadily improved
3.1. Autonomy re-starts the up-cycle and becomes the backbone of performance Profit, with the roll-out of the 2013 cs series and the formal entry of the domestic suv market dividend window
In the uni series and in the high Maori model of cs75plus, autonomous brands have lost their profits, reboot to the top cycle, replacing 81.41 per cent of sales (autonomous plus joint ventures), about twice as much as in 2011, and the net profit from the q1-q3 autonomous contribution in 2023 accounted for the sale of the 13-long Anford calendar year and the same rate of increase (millions; %)
Figure 14 The annual sales and the same rate of increase (millions; %) The net profits from the autonomous/joint contribution of the 15 GFAE cars (millions of yuan) rises from year to year, with the car market gaining a steady third degree of autonomy. The company ' s share of the autonomous branding is rising from year to year, in cs, cs, cs, and cs.
With uni and Oshan's three series of blasts, the share of autonomous brands rose from 3.7 per cent in 2018 to 6.2 per cent in 2023, the share of cities doubled in five years, and the company's own brands were placed in the top four of its own companies, with a steady increase in the volume of new products, and manufacturing capacity was a strong guarantee for the import of new products.
Level-c, which meets the differentiated driving experience requirements of the disaggregated population, focuses mainly on compact fuel suv; the owner of the car market is to be covered by the "Rush +uni+ Source" sequence, concentrated in compact sedan cars, to be extended to medium-sized sedan vehicles, with energy types including conventional fuel, increment, blending and hydrogen power, with a higher share of new energy of the vehicle type compared to the suv type.
On the other hand, the price of autonomous suv went from $6.19 million to $390,000 to meet the purchasing power needs of the various consumer groups, of which the price of the Oshan sequence was $7.59-17.58 million, the price of the cs sequence was $6.19-19.99 million, the un series was $11.59-21.59 million, the Aveta series was $30-390,000, the deep blue series was $14.99-21.79 million and the source sequence was 1 suv
Type q05 was marketed on 12 December 2023 at a price of $11.99-14999,000; the price of autonomous cars was $30.08-40.08 million from $4.99 million, and the opening of the third source sedan a06 was expected to be marketed in 2024h1 and the sale price was expected to be 12-Figure 16 Autonomous Vehicle Matrix (by type, brand and grade)
Automobiles (all new energy sources), blacks as fuel vehicles, figure 17 Automobile Automobile Matrix (by time and price band) Timescale for autonomous vehicle-type planning reviews, broken down by market break-up.
Small cars cut in, low-cost into the market, capital for survival; second phase, economic cars cut into the car market, so that, after the break-up, the suv dividend period was grabbed to fill the gap in the compact suv market with cs35, and then the external focus was low.
Blast-type vehicles have been installed in the passenger market; phase III, core competitiveness of the blue whale-powered fuel-cracked car age, published at the same level as the international large suv engine, is formed by the scale effect of the ark structure, which provides consumer incentives and intelligence-upgrading experiences with the un series, changes consumer perceptions, drives brands upwards, achieves full price increases, and then goes to the suv.
In the fourth phase, we're running a joint venture, and we're starting to sense a wave of cars "new quadrupling" and running a blue whale-driven idd test, moving from a00 to a pure field of electricity, cutting into high-end smart electric lanes with Avita to drive further profit release with deep blue, kick-starter.
The full coverage of users in the new energy subsector, the multi-brand strategy plus code, the intensive introduction of new products to open a new energy cycle for long-term security, which will enable autonomous “circles”, and the re-evaluation of Chang An's car will be expected once the e07 product of the first e0 series, based on the sda software platform, is on the market.
Industrial capacity is hard currency, and the pace of auto rotation is accelerating. With more new forces and companies joining the driveway, the homogenization of the car’s products is increasing, and traditional car companies, in order to remain in leadership positions, have to keep up to date and quickly seize the segmented market. According to the founder of the scooter, the replacement cycle for domestic car companies is usually maintained for four years.
One generation, a foreign car company, may take six years, while most of the company’s models are changed/replaced within three years, and the replacement time for hot-marketing models such as un-t, cs75plus has been reduced to 30 months, and the turnover has been faster than the industry on average. In addition, by counting the time spans of the major changes and the replacement of autonomous models, we find that the company has evolved from one company to another.
The shorter and more frequent number of cars introduced after the main brand, compared to the old pattern, represents an increase in the capacity of companies to develop new vehicles and their capacity to produce more rapidly to respond to changes in consumer demand in terms of prices, services, configuration, etc., and to further enrich the rich product lines, as well as to create misaligning competitions with the products of other car firms, occupying pre-existing advantages and expanding the market share more quickly.
Figure 18 Autonomous and priority vehicle replacement cycles Platform capacity to enable autonomous vehicle models to evolve to drive downscales and improve product layouts. Traditional architecture platforms are hard-lined, standardizing the design and production of vehicle molecular systems in a modular manner, depending on the pattern of vehicles.
The vehicle has a leading edge on the entire vehicle manufacturing/modularization platform, and has developed a four-platform architecture -- mpa ark architecture, pa architecture, chn architecture and sda architecture -- together to build a long-priced product matrix.
1) mpa ark structure: Fully compatible with conventional fuel, hev, phev, reev electrical power, capable of fully covering all a0-c-grade models, evolvating high-level autopilot pre-dispositions on a basic modular platform that evolves from a base-based modular platform that relies on intelligent and big data to complete vehicle performances such as chassis, body size, etc.
Electrical design and forward-looking power to achieve high-level evolution of products in autopilot, intelligence interconnection, design philosophy, driving quality, and safety features. The first vehicle to carry a mpa structure is uni-t. Given the long-assertion vehicle's complete phase-out of fuel trucks under the Shangri-La program in 2025, three types of electrification under the ark structure will occur.
Motivation forms or will be the main choice for a future classic product-driven solution. Figure 19 is based on the characteristics of the product built by the mpa ark.
Appearances break through tradition, intelligent leadership, full-scale progress, and experience a more diverse design.
The body is more stable, more comfortable, more autopilot, more energy-efficient.
The conventional 100-km fuel consumption was reduced to the maximum, and the steering wheel was turned into input, and the ark structure reserved 36 sensors.
The chassis is so tight that it hits the second peak.
Time lag reduced by 25%, cross-section response (6 mm wave radars, 13 cameras and more controllers, processing speeds)
A 25% reduction, comfort, like head, five laser radars and 12 ultrasounds, six times higher than that in the future.
Portrait radar, redundant braking, redundancy transfer to central centralized control, and to and from redundant power sources, 5g-v2x module,
Two high-calculus domain controllers, high-precision, to create a long-term intelligent cloud.
The potential for mapping and positioning will be real at this stage, with the platform connected to Beidou Day, the first level 3 autopilot to own the brand now.
More than 20 members of the Constabulary Alliance, counting production, can support more self-power and more upfront in the future.
Building an innovative R & D biosphere with a 25% drop in the edge gradient, a high-speed drive and a higher-level automatic.
The ark's new generation of products is built to create an open, carefree ecology that is over-crowded and over-crowded.
A 100-km acceleration time on a blue whale, environment that can provide users with vehicle-borne micro-letters, ai-intellectual aids.
Hand, digital key, cloud book, super-id, and so on.
The new generation of products, smartphone class, will be produced under the Ark.
The structure is compatible with eight engine states, rms down by 33%, broken road surfaces, long-range rapid upgrades.
Incorporation of global ncap, U.S. iihs five-star evaluation, and MSPI (c-iasi) collision test criteria.
2)epa architecture: it is a pure electrical exclusive platform, covering three market segments. The epao platform covers mini-to-small cars, locates two-cars and two-car cars to meet the basic mobility needs of users. Lumin is based on the platform ' s first model; the epa1 platform covers a compact cross-border car market, locates a compact cross-border sedan, tight cross-border suv, tight
A compact suv, compact mpv, combining performance, price and experience, deep blue sl03 is based on the platform ' s first-car model; the epa2 platform covers the market at the medium and higher levels, positioning medium-sized, cross-class sedans, medium-sized sedans, high-performance cross-border suv, medium-sized mpv, and is more qualitative and personalized.
(iii) Chn. The Chang An Automobile and Huaan, a smart electric technology platform created by the Ningde era, is responsible for automobile development, design, whole-car integration, and the Ningde era is responsible for three power systems and energy management components in order to provide a back-to-back smart car solution. For the first time, the vehicle was loaded with Aveta 11.
4) sda architecture: a smart electric superdigital platform, divided into 1-l6-storey architecture, with 1 hardware, i.e. plug-in, resource flexibility and mobility; 2 global remote management, with progressive development of open full-scale layout; 3 digital ecology, open-source software functionality according to user needs; 4 data closed loop self-evolving in a secure environment, intelligence
The power of the product determines whether or not sales can be sustained, and the ability to shape the money is key.
In 2019 and 2023, m10 long cars accumulated autonomous new cars with 14/34, higher than the Great Wall (4/22), Jili (7/27), upper gas (1/27), leading the national mainstream autonomous brand, with average monthly sales and a year-on-year increase in vehicle sales in 2019-2022.
Flowers represent not only the company’s leading role in the development and production of new products, but also its better grasp of consumer demand, with a process system and capacity to make sound product decisions. The city of the car until 2023 m10, the average annual sales value of the old car; it only includes autonomous vehicles and the new car does not contain a change of money.
Plus targets the domestic demand group, power, space performance, intelligent configuration, security, and very high value for money: Chang-Ann's third generation cs75pus on the 1.5t/2t engine and the Aixin 8at ATM, with a maximum power of 171 kw, a maximum torque of 390n m, a maximum speed of 200 km/h, a full axle range of 2710 mm.
The price is $124.9 million, and the power performance is strong, and there is more room in the car and more value for money than in the same joint venture. The Autonomous Wall Haffah6 is better equipped with space, power, and intelligent hardware, despite its price, and is more comfortable and far more resilient than Hafferh6 in terms of economic resilience and maintenance, safety of the occupants, and is expected to continue.
Keeping the heat sales up and running at 10-15 million compact fuel sov. 2cs75plus is on the market and 4 years later steady monthly sales remain at around 20,000, with no loss of heat: cs75plus has been on the market since September 2019, with sales of q2-q3 and December catching up to Haverh 6, with retail sales rankings of 10-15 million compact fuel suv for the past year.
The first segment of the market is broken down. The 3cs75 turns faster, focusing on the upgrading of smart technologies based on traditional space and power innovations, and forming a more defensive product system: the classic cs75plus axis, at 2710 mm, with 4690 mm body length, with 10 mm and 40 mm higher than the cs75 at the axle range, 40 mm longer, with more spacious space and fuel per 100 km.
Reduction of 2l and lower vehicle costs for users; coupled with a coded smart configuration, the introduction of a combined smart system, and the optimization of the smart cabin experience, with the classic cs75plus minimum matching price being lower than the 2014 cs75, which is not priced. Second, cs75plus is raised by 10 mm in length compared to the classic version of the car, and the main/passive security facility plus, with an increase in the transmission box from six tranches.
To stage 8, driving is safer, smooth and fully marked with a single 12.3-inch control screen with a double 12.3-inch medium screen compared to the classic version, with a flight-by-class leap; and a full-speed Iaccc smart cruise system, apa5.0+ passenger parking system, imms smart interactive system, etc., has been added, with a panoramic image expanded from 360° to 540°, with more intelligent driving experience. Third generation cs75plus only.
It was launched more than a year after the second generation, and as the first two generations of vehicles were already in the same core power build-up and intelligent configuration, the third generation was more focused and refined in vehicle experience. It kept its body longer by 10 mm, using an active gas grid equipped with a high-end vehicle configuration that would reduce vehicle traffic resistance by 3.5% and achieve a further reduction in fuel consumption.
Low and improve cold start-up and reduce heat losses; in addition, interior decorating has been changed to light-luxury routes, the lavishness of the cabin has been raised, the front-hand face has been taken with fighter-style turret-free fences, a greater sense of motion and future, and the combination of fuel, idd, and hybrid power systems has been made available.
The company model cs75plus adapts to changes in market demand through continuous technological upgrading, thus reaching out to a wider audience and separating it from the previous generation of products. The three-generation model is sold simultaneously to create a stronger product system to withstand the impact of new products. At the same time, as cars “new quadrup” develop, hardware technology such as car connectivity, auto-drivers, etc. will gradually be replaced by hardware technology.
As a result, cs75plus is also increasingly strengthening its intellectual attributes to maintain sustained product competitiveness, highlighting the company’s rethinking of product cycles in the context of changes in automobile technology. Figure 21 compares retail sales to major competitions.
Figure 22cs75 Upgrade Interval Path and Intergenerational Performance Comparison of un sequences as a proportion of company ownership doubled in three years, promising that relay cs sequences will be the driving force for new growth of company autonomy. The Cs series at the lower end of location, with hot sales models like cs35/55/75plus, has Hafh6, etc.
The 80-15 million suv Red Sea market for strong competitions emerged, with single-car sales taking the lead in the segment, and the autonomous branding of the Division continued to grow. cs series sales accounted for more than half of all autonomous sales between 2017 and 2020, peaked at 65.97 per cent in 2019, and then began to decline as un series were released. Un series sales accounted for autonomous sales.
The decision-making factors for the purchase of suvs by different budget users tend to rejuvenate. According to Automotive House data, fuel consumption, quality, safety, appearance and prices are the areas that users focus on when buying 10-15 million suv.
Buying users of 15-20 million suv is also an important consideration. Consumers buying less than 200,000 suv price segments have no strong preference for brands, brand attributes are not highly powerful for products, and premiums are not high, so self-owned brands with price advantages are more attractive to such people than joint brands.
In terms of age distribution, the proportion of young users aged under 30 rose from 24% to 28% between 2017 and 2022, and the number of people buying cars tended to become younger. Moreover, the Z generation (born between 1995 and 2009), as the dominant group in the future car consumption market, had a 92% preference for appearance, far exceeding the requirements for space, power, and control.
The product is well-positioned, well-defined, well-pricing, un sequenced, cross-studies, and swords to joint brands. 1) un sequenced high-end vehicles of 10-20 million medium-end, targeting a group of young people, primarily motorized, technologically differentiated and complementary to Chang An Oshan, v markers. 2) un sequence meets the cost of fuel consumption, quality, safety, etc. for the purchase of 10-20 million suvs.
The full-scale requirements for appearance, prices and space: 1.uni sequences that maintain a strong power and smooth control while balancing super-low fuel consumption: multiple core technical support from the blue whalen1.5t high-pressure jet engine, double vortex turbo turbo pressure, double-export integrated exhaust tubes, etc.
Well, uni-t can achieve peak torque 300n m at a 100 km acceleration of 7.57 seconds, with a 100 km fuel consumption of only 6.45l/100km, with the same level of configuration, powered well beyond joint ventures such as day freers, Honda xr-v and Toyota xr-v, slightly better than autonomous vehicles such as Gilly, and lead to a 06; uni-v has better power performance than competitive competitions such as Gilistine, while carrying blue whales at the same time.
7-speed wet-collusive converter with a combined transfer efficiency of 94.3 per cent, smooth transition, 23-0.0-t-speed moose test results of 76.4 km/h above the 74km/h in Honda, with body stability leading in the same-level joint venture; 2uni series security configuration smart, advanced, full-scale driver safety: un-t body mass and structure
On the surface, the vehicle has a steel strength of up to 1,500 mpa, with a high strength steel and above of 61 per cent, and is structured with a closed “day” on the side of the beam, capable of maximizing energy at the time of the collision and reducing damage to the airlock; in the case of the airbag, the vehicle has six airbags, with 100 per cent of the side airbags covered with windows, which are opened quickly and within 0.03 seconds of the accident.
Full-scale protection; in the field of active security, full-scale integration of the Iacc integrated self-adaptation cruise system would achieve a full-speed range of 0-130 km/h, compared to 24 high-equipment models of Honda xr-v13.19-13.9 million for acc self-adaptation cruises, and 23 large-blown Toyota c-hr products with this configuration would have to start with 15.28 million, with Anuni-t achieving low prices and high security.
Fullness assurance; in terms of air quality in the vehicle, the uni-t-wide pm0.1 filter system with a better pm0.1 than the N95 mask, the remotely activated UV microbicide function and the plasma air purification system to protect the health of the vehicle; and in the uni-k, the ggg's excellent performance was obtained during the collision test and the safety was better than the same level of vehicle;
The 3uni series has a much more technical look, and the interior is upgraded to suit the young people: the uni-t head is shaped in an inverted staircase, a wide area of grids, coupled with a solid, borderless gas grid, a highly recognizable, hidden car with a high degree of recognition; the upper edge of the handle, a floating roof, makes the body of technology visible; the interior part, a medium-control screen and liquid of two liquid crystal screens, is designed to make the body of the car look like a rock.
The transistor two-screen design, which brings immersion visual experience to the crew, the Space Warship electronic shield, which brings together functional buttons like electrons, hand brakes, driving mode switching, etc., further increases the sense of technology and future. Uni-k looks from the design style of the long Anuni sequence, and the suspended satellite loop-led front lights, coupled with intelligent near-lights, highlight the power of the head.
In the interior, the “zero-gravity” seat is well supported, coupled with the super-blindness of the back rows, flat floors, which give passengers cross-class comfort, intelligent compartments with 3+1-4 screen interactive layouts, which also provide users with visual and interactive evolutionary experiences.
A unique design, such as a drop-down tail, with the addition of the Superrace track model (ad hoc track theme-team lights and ui interfaces that open super-pressure control and ejection start-up), with a strong overall sense of motion and a greater sense of hierarchy than the homogeneity of the homologic sedan design; a continuation of the outstanding characteristics of the 4uni sequence space performance and a more comfortable driving experience than a joint venture: uni-t, uni-v
In comparison to the same level of competitive axle range and the size of the vehicle, un-k overstepped the wide-blown Honda crown with 2890 mm axle range.
Further upscaling. In terms of prices, 2024 un-k prices are only $15.49-17.49 million, well below most of the same-level autonomous brands and joint venture brands, sov, showing a very high value for money. 3) The same-level smart stacks lead, and the un-sequence low-priced achievement exemplifies: on the basis of strong product power, uni
The sequence also follows the consistent value-for-money strategy of long-term autonomy, with un-sense smart configurations as compared to identical and competing joint ventures built under the dominant platform of autonomous brands, while maintaining price economy. Considering that un-t, un-v, respectively, corresponds to $10-15 million suv, car market, and un-k, medium suv, corresponds to 15-20 million suv, respectively.
The budget’s consumers are price-sensitive, and the un series is expected to provide the advantage of an upwards experience at a low price, becoming the backbone of the company’s autonomous sales.
Table 7 Auni-t compares with the main parameters of the main peer contest, suv, where the main home user of the un-v endorsement works with the un-v. The sedan of a classa, built by uni-v for the same platform, focuses mainly on the individualized needs of young groups, and pursues the tide, motion, while the scoot is aimed at the chase.
At the power level, even though the new generation of blue whales, ne1.5t motors and 7-speed wet bipolars, have slightly weakened their maximum power and torque markings.
The core objective of the adjustment is to minimize the cost of purchasing and using vehicles, including fuel, while ensuring that users ' basic needs for power and control are met. This helps to satisfy the economic aspirations of household users with a budget of less than 100,000.
The country’s inner-a-class car market has long been monopolized by joint ventures and foreign brands, and is no longer dependent on rejuvenation, differentiation, but rather on goods.
Qualitative, performanceal, and joint-venture models compete with each other. A win-win avoids overlaps with competing prices, with price-fixing to second-line joint-venture models such as Twilight and Co-Ruzer, but quality does not lose the same type of joint-venture vehicle that focuses on the same target groups.
More specifically, in terms of fuel consumption, 1.5t engines are used, 1.5l/1.6l engines are bigger and more powerful, and the maximum power of the Co-Luzer, Ilantine 2nd joint venture is not yet two-thirds, while the fuel consumption is not very different; space is not the same.
On the reliability side, the entrance money contains 360 degrees of panoramic driving aids, which is more comprehensive than the entry of the joint venture, which contains only reverse images, which is more intelligently supported, and on the external and interior side, which takes full advantage of the design of the autonomous brand, and the external value of the skin than the kuru.
Tsa is more radical than Ilant, and the interiors form a “device” with them, and their entry interiors are even superior to the top of the Koluzzi 1.5l; in terms of intelligence, the entry money is marked with app remote control, ota upgrades, digital keys, etc., and a version of less than $100,000 will have a face recognition function, while such joint venture models as Ilant and Koruzzi are sold at a high price.
At the same time, the company has continuously upgraded and upgraded technology, and has responded to the changes in the market.
Demand, which is a key reason for keeping a new product with a high rate of success and a long life cycle for old money. These features of achievement are largely attributable to efficient and open corporate organizational structures, innovative institutional and talent incentives, and strong control over market demand.
The agile organizational structure of “Small Headquarters, Careers, Shared Platforms and Incubation Innovation” helps to break administrative barriers and powers, increase fault tolerance and achieve downscaling effects.
Corporate decentralization awareness: “Team” focuses more on pre-user research definitions and end-marketing, no longer responsible for research and development of manufacturing and basic technologies, building a “smiling curve” management logic that cuts across the product, brand, marketing, customer and ecological five areas; “shared platform” acts as a medium-stage anchor, bringing together all the resources that the group can share, including human resources,
Manufacturing resources and R & D resources, basic technology research are concentrated in the General Institute of Research, all manufacturing bases share a manufacturing centre, without duplication, to maximize the use of resources; “incubation innovation” is primarily responsible for the pre-vision technology and the pool of talent in autopilots, smart cabin collars, and through the establishment of subsidiaries, companies can better practice the creation of institutions, technologies and products.
New ideas, and more interface with external capital and resources, are free from the profit-sustainability quest limited to the state-owned context, as well as the rapid transition to smart, low-carbon-run technology companies. The implementation of such an organizational structure can respond effectively to traditional vehicle enterprise structures, internal resource coordination difficulties, high cross-sectoral barriers to communication, and weak incentives for the executive branch.
Figure 26 Longan, “Small Headquarters, Business Group, Shared Platform, Incubation Innovation”, new organizational structure Equity Incentives, Projects and Investment Schemes (PIPs), which together bring together employees and companies. 1 Restricted stock incentives ranged from 96% to more than 96% of mid-level cadres: companies were the first to implement equity incentives at a company-wide vehicle complex.
After the stock options, the equity incentive scheme for middle- and senior-level employees was launched again in 2020. The scheme was launched in two stages, awarding a limited stock of 93.956 million shares, of which 96% were middle-level managers and core technicians.
Management tenure and contractual management, with no less than 20 per cent of restricted shares awarded to directors and executives required