Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) increased by 19.33 per cent over the same period; looking at q4, the company earned $19.865 billion, an increase of 71.96 per cent over the same period.
In 2021, q1, the company is expected to achieve the core vision of high-performance growth and higher expectations. The engineering and machinery industry has a sustained high profile, the cranes and the subsequent cycle varieties represented by concrete machinery will show greater resilience.
The city’s share (concrete machinery plus cranes) has continued to rise, and the scale of revenue from emerging plates (diggers, high machines, company prices compared to the trend of 300 deep agricultural machines) and the Māori rate have increased significantly.
Production, management, digital upgrading results are evident, business has made a qualitative leap, value attributes are highlighted, and a “buy-in” rating is maintained.
In the year of the 14th Plan, the target is set at over 6% of the 2021 gdp target, with a focus on supporting the construction of the "two new ones" and plans to set aside a debt of $3.65 trillion for local governments.
In the context of the boom, the rise in weight, the build-up of the post-concrete machinery, with its growing resilience, is taking advantage of the emergence of new plates into the fast-growing driveway, with a range of products: 1.74 pct. With regard to engineering cranes, there has been a steady increase in the rate of car suspensions and a continuous increase in the rate of track suspensions.
Four years of uplifting, maintaining top, top-to-first, big-ton orders; on the towers, the sales were unprecedented, with over 14,000 new products in the w series, the world’s highest volume. Concrete machinery: 18,984 million won in 2020, an increase of 36.56 per cent.
In the case of blending vehicles, the competitive advantage of lightly quantifying the mixer product is clear, with the city rising to industry III. In the case of pumps, the company’s dominant product is the first in a long-armed car, with a further product structure.
Optimization, with a long-armed vehicle size of about 60 per cent. Digger plates: 2,665 million yuan in revenue in 2020, an increase of 282 per cent in comparison with the previous year.
A three-quarterly performance rating. Large-ton machine-type smart assembly workshops in the excavator park have been offline and able to climb up the slopes, with more than 15,000 productions projected for 2021, with a doubling of operating income, size.
The Māori rate is expected to increase further as a result of continued overperformance and robust value for business.
High-tech: Rapid completion of the product spectrometry, with the introduction of cutting, curing and straight-arm farming machines: in 2020, income was 2.64 billion, an increase of 67 per cent, or 4.1 per cent, compared to the previous year, and the loss was reversed and the legacy of history was solved. In 2020, the Maori rate of agricultural machinery was 16.8 per cent.
The same increase of 12.48 pct. As high-end products continue to be placed on the market, the product structure will become more profitable, with high-quality business outcomes showing pressure on Maori while net interest rates increase and profitability increases.
28.6%, compared to 1.4pc, the price adjustment to boost demand was mainly based on two major plate rates: concrete machinery, cranes, and, on the other hand, raw materials rose in the second half of 2020, squeezed the floor. Accounting standards were adjusted and the Māori rate declined. In 2021, the company would use the supply chain to boost demand.
High-quality business results are evident. In terms of net operating cash flows, companies achieved $7,422 billion in 2020, surpassing net profit levels for the first time since the industry recovered in 2016, risk containment, repayment capacity, and business quality improvement.
• Smart farming machines and agricultural service plates or tomorrow's stars are expected to grow geometrically in the future, focusing on: 1 targeting high-end product markets, with new products falling off the line. High-end agro-mechanic markets have foreign brand ownership of up to 90%, a very high Māori rate, and companies with 160-300 large
Malik tractors, large-scale 12--15-kilogram combined harvesters, smart cash crop equipment are entering high-end markets, with new products coming down next two years; 2 data interconnecting, equipment interconnecting, set up for integration with digital services. The data-collection models and systems have been built, each of which will be in the future.
Equipment will become a mobile data terminal, similar to the combination of John Dill and Monsanto (data), where the company, as an integrated mainframe plant, sales of equipment and digital operations complement each other to enhance the competitiveness of products while creating new performance growth points;3 and in the context of land intensification, wisdom.
Agricultural services deal with industrial pains. Our land consolidation has been steadily advancing, and, under the guidance of the Government, a demonstration project for farmers, agricultural groups and intensive farms has been launched. Smart agricultural services deal with the use of agricultural medicines, land pollution pains, and the future market space is vast.
Short-term capital improvements, increased competition in the market, decline in the Māori rate of products, and new product performance; Financial analysis: increased profitability, high-quality business outcomes, promising growth in performance and increased profitability. In 2020, companies achieved $6,5109 million in operating income, compared to the same amount
+50.34 per cent, exceeding the 2012 peak (48.7 billion yuan) and maintaining a high growth trend; net parent return net profit of 1,594 million yuan, an increase of 78.74 per cent over the previous year, higher performance than revenue and increased corporate profitability.
The Māori rate has fallen, but only marginally, as a result of increases in raw materials prices and changes in accounting standards. The company combined Māori has increased the price of steel by more than 20 per cent over the past six months and the cost of raw materials has risen; 3 accounting standards have been adjusted: sales-related freight costs have been adjusted to account for sales costs; 4 product structures have had less impact on the company ' s Māori ratio and are new
Māori rates (diggers, agricultural machines) are still climbing, and the overall share of revenue is still small, with raw material cost pressures on the ground, companies adopting four major measures that are expected to improve Māori rates in 2021.1 Introduction: since the fourth quarter of 2020, changes have been made to the previous practice of independent procurement by the departments of industry for steel, chassis, distribution.
Motives, welds, tires, oils, etc. are being tendered in a centralized manner to enhance bargaining power, and the cost of materials such as steel and hydraulic presses has been reduced by about 10 per cent;2 national production of boostable parts and components has been replaced by a significant increase in the Māori rate of the national production chassis pump vehicle, which has now reached 60 per cent of the Chinese production chassis ration and is gradually covering the long arm-loading pattern, Māori
Rates will be further improved; 3 shared upstream, with downstream transmission: on the one hand, companies share costs through supplier management, while on the other hand, they adjust the price of the product to balance market share and profit margins; 4 insist on smart manufacturing to reduce efficiency gains. The digital internal control results are remarkable, with overall net interest rates rising. In 2020, the cost for the company was 12.89 per cent.
–2.53 pct. With digital management, end-to-end flattening channels, the company has achieved significant efficiency gains, with net interest rates increasing and profitability increasing.
In 2020, the company invested $3.501 billion in research and development, accounting for 5.38 per cent of revenue. In terms of research and development of new products, business quality improved and net operating cash flows exceeded net profit levels.
On the one hand, companies have enhanced end-of-end risk controls through digital platforms, with high quality of new operations, with returns accounting for over 40 per cent of the year's sales, and on the other hand, high-quality operations have been shown to be effective by accelerating the realization of assets in receivables through capital market distributions of abs, abn, and so on.
Corporate total asset turnover increased further to 0.63 and receivable turnover increased from 1.79 in 2019 to 2 operations: the market share of staple products continued to rise, and the new and emerging plates were all-lined
2.1 The continuous increase in the competitiveness of the concrete, crane and crane markets Engineering cranes, towers, concrete machinery, three main products, led to steady growth in the company's performance. XIV. The year of planning starts with a clear target of more than 6 per cent of the 2021 gdp target, with a focus on "two new ones" building.
It is planned to set aside a debt of $3.65 trillion for local governments. In a context where demand in the engineering and machinery industry will remain strong, the company’s three main players are a variety of post-cycle products with high growth resilience, with a product breakdown: the crane plate: 34.897 billion yuan in 2020, an increase of 57.57 per cent in total revenue.
In the towers, sales were at an all-time high, with the number of new items in the w series exceeding 14,000, the world’s largest. The crane business was 31.02%, down 1.74 pct from 1.74 pt.
Concrete machinery: In 2020, 18,984 million yuan was collected, representing an increase of 36.56 per cent, or 29.2 per cent of the total. In the case of blending vehicles, the demand for blenders rose slightly, driven by strict policies, and the competitive advantage of the company's products rose to third place in the industry; in the case of pumps, the company's dominant product was the long arm-loaded vehicle type.
The city is the first, with a more optimized product structure, with a long-armed vehicle-type ratio of about 60%.
• Concrete machinery, earth machinery, agricultural machinery
Figure 12 Concrete machinery, growth rate of heavy machinery products, Figure 13 Concrete machinery, Māori rate of heavy machinery products 2.2 Agriculture, excavators, high machine operations into a high-speed development phase
The new business sector as a whole is showing very high growth, and the Māori rate has increased significantly as the market has increased and production has expanded. Sub-products: Agricultural machinery: 2.64 billion dollars in 2020, a 67 per cent increase in comparison with 4.1 per cent in comparison with the previous year.
1 is aimed at high-end product markets and new products are being laid off. 160-300 horse tractors, 12-15 kg of large combined harvesters, smart cash crop equipment will be put on the market in the next two years; 2 data are interconnected, equipment is interconnected, equipment is integrated with digital services. The methods and systems for data model collection have been built and will be in the future.
Each piece of equipment will become a mobile terminal that complements the sale of equipment and digital business to enhance the competitiveness of the product while creating new performance growth points;3 in the context of land intensification, intelligent agricultural services address industrial pain points.
In 2020, the Māori rate for agricultural machinery was 16.8 per cent, an increase of 12.48 pct over the previous year, with a 30 per cent share of high-origin products.In the future, as high-end products continue to be placed on the market, the product structure will be further optimized under high-end market strategies.
There is still room for further improvement in the Māori rate. Digger plates: 2,665 million yuan in 2020, an increase of 282 per cent, or 4.1 per cent, Māori, 11th place and 6th place in the national product plate.
With the downline of the product, the capacity to climb down the slope is expected to be more than 15,000 in 2021, business income is expected to double, and the Māori rate is expected to increase further with the scale effect. High machine plate: quick completion of product spectrometry, with the introduction of three series of cross-cutting, curling arm, straight arm 40
Multi-intelligent products, with a stable market share at the top of the industry, are expected to generate revenues of between 1 billion and 2 billion by 2020
In 2020, against the background of the collapse of offshore production and the contraction of offshore markets by nearly 20%, companies achieved a revenue of 3,832 million yuan abroad, a 7.38% increase compared to the 7.38% increase, with a 20% increase in the median export business. As a result of the high performance of domestic engineering machinery, the share of overseas businesses declined passively.
The negative growth in overseas markets in 2020 was mainly due to firm-driven changes in overseas management, the introduction of a three-pronged management model and localization development strategy for offshore “airports” bases. As the global baseline coverage of the new crown vaccine continues to rise, the world economy is expected to emerge.
In 2021, the company will further improve the layout of its overseas bases in priority countries and accelerate the growth of more than 50 per cent of its overseas revenues in the year, with export operations nearly doubling.
Figure 19 Company foreign market revenue and the same ratio. Figure 18 Company domestic market revenue and the same base structure were less than expected, market competition intensified, and product Māori rates declined and new product production could not be delivered as expected.
In 2018, the crystal ball first produced the report using legally compliant information, independently and objectively. The data and information used in the report were from the market. I did not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor did I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained in the report would not change in any way.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.