q2 sales have been improved, asp and profit has been significantly restored, q2 sales have continued to grow and sales structures have led to significant recovery of asp and profit.
The \triangleright component continues to grow, and in the first half of the year, the module was the third largest in the world, with a total of 10.12gw out of batteries, of which 63% came from the sea and 37% from the home. The q2 component is expected to arrive around 5.6gw, with a ring ratio + 24%.
The q2 combined Māori ratio is 14.71% and the ring ratio + 3.93 ptt. q2 cost.
A value gain or loss of $15 million (q1 loss of $22 million), mainly due to foreign exchange locking operations. An increase of $5 billion is proposed to expand the production of 20gw silicon stick silicon silicone project and test for heterochemical cell development \triangleright
The company issued a fixed increase plan to raise $5 billion for: (1) a 20gw single crystal silicon rod and 20gw single crystal silicon tablets project, (2) a pilot project in the development of high-efficiency solar cells, and (3) a replenishment of liquidity. 20gw single silicon bars and silicon silicon silicon production capacity will help to complete the company ' s short silicone production panels and improve vertically integrated industrial chains.
A strong guarantee of corporate profitability against the volatility of the industrial chain and the enhancement of corporate overall and sustained competitiveness. Companies have accumulated deep in battery technology, and heterogeneity is one of the more defined directions of high-efficiency battery technology, and the company is now planning to move into a medium-test line (with a planned investment of about $360 million), and the project is expected to launch a tender in the near future, and q4 is expected to move the equipment.
In. The mid-test line project will accelerate the company’s accumulation in the commercialization of heterogeneous knots, provide a solid basis for future mass production on a scale that will enable the company to take a sustained lead in high-efficiency battery technology.
The components (including vertically integrated components) are more volatile than the rest of the photovoltaic industry chain, mainly in the form of grouping directly towards the end, long order cycles and pre-determined costs that are influenced by the spot market, so that components are more profitable than sales structures (including billing prices, delivery cycles, distribution areas, distribution channels).
Research Assistant: Lee Kyung-po, the firm is generally under pressure and costs up at the bottom of the asp. As the price of the components and the cost of the raw materials are stable, the profit volatility of the non-contribution components is reduced and the cost of silicon decreased in 2022, and the components are expected to gain a certain profitability elasticity.
The lead business, the company’s continued robust operation, its components kept the top three globally, actively promoting vertically integrated productive capacity-building against profit-making fluctuations, while significantly improving marketing structures, enhancing R & D inputs and technological accumulation, and having the ability to move through cycles. 58 times p-ttm, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
2. Chrysotile Technology (002459), research brief: The volume of overseas shipments has increased significantly, the large silicon supports future growth, the demand is not as high as expected, the order structure is not as high as expected, the price falls too high, the price of raw materials rises.
The company ' s financial statement data forecast is a summary of vouchers, East Wu Securities, and Chinese Securities, joined in August 2020.Tinya, a multi-year research experience in the photovoltaic industry, was employed in Solarzoom, New Age Securities, and in December 2020.
Li Kyung-po, who has five years of experience in the motor industry at Shanghai Transport University, joined the civil securities industry in February 2021 and is mainly responsible for new energy vehicles, and whose authors possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment advisory profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensuring that the data used in the reports are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of the analysis is based on the professional understanding of the authors, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality and not being influenced or influenced by any third party,