In terms of corporate income structure, the 2020h1 software business achieved revenue of $1,587 million, a decline compared to the previous year.
29.4 per cent; cloud operations generated revenue of 750 million yuan, an increase of 59.1 per cent over the same period; Internet access to information services generated revenue of 154 million yuan, a decrease of 58.2 per cent over the same period.
Micro-enterprise clients are cautious and slow down the decline in revenues from purchases, especially from software operations. On the other hand, the prices of companies compared to the 300-year-old trend, with the company’s headquarters in Beijing in June, the most frequent outbreak in the first half of the year.
Important month-to-month enforcement of orders creates obstacles. So we think that the fall in corporate income is mainly due to short-term factors, and in q2, the decline in income has been narrow, and we still look forward to positive growth in corporate income throughout the year.
The number of clients of the company ' s cumulative cloud services reached 5.97 million, an increase of 9.9 per cent over the same period. 5) Cloud product lines: 2020h1 release low code development platform yoonbuilder, iterative ncclud202005 and yonsuitev202005 with strategic-level product yonbip.
This has led to a gradual improvement in the product lines of the company’s cloud business and a significant increase in product capacity, a structural decline in the Māori rate and an impact on short-term net profits from human growth and investment earnings.
Over the year, as the impact of the epidemic subsides, companies become more hairy, and the growth of technology-enabling software and cloud operations is expected to accelerate, leading to an increase in the combined Māori rate.
At the profit end, companies in the first half of the year responded to new market opportunities by increasing the number of senior professionals, especially in the context of the introduction of high-level R & D talent, in particular in the context of the Huaanian Securities — Industry Research — Computer Industry — Events, 756 more than in the same year.
Estimation_Industrial Internet release without dedicated layoffs, accompanied by a modest salary increase for some of the top employees and a successful implementation of the new equity incentive scheme. As a result, the increase in staff costs affected the release of net profits.
During the same period, disposal brought about investment gains of $170 million along with sharp technology, with investment returns of only $28 million for the same period this year. We believe that the growth of company personnel and the decrease in investment returns directly contributed to the net return of 2020h1 to the mother.
Report friends network: Business clouds serve the new blue sea, and business falls more than ever before. Year-round, as corporate income picks up, the cost rate will probably fall, strategic-level products will be released yombip, and business innovation platforms will start a new journey for friends.
On August 6, at the Friends 2020 Business Innovation Congress, the company launched a new product at the strategic level – yonbip – which we believe will mark the official opening of the phase of the Friends Strategy 3.0-ii, and will also help friends to move to a new stage of social platform service providers.
Yonbip is a business innovation platform for friends, directed primarily at large, mega-enterprises, integrating advanced and high-availability technology platforms and public and key business applications to support and run client business innovation, business innovation and management change, a digital, intelligent, flexible, safe and credible society.
yombip builds an industrial ecology. yombip has a technology center, data center, intelligence center, and business center, which supports the financial cloud, the human cloud, the synergizing cloud, the marketing cloud, the procurement of clouds, etc.
Eight main areas of cloud creation, supply chain cloud, financial cloud, etc. At the same time, low-code openings at the bottom of yombip allow the development platform yombuilder and the integrated connectivity platform apilink to connect businesses and industries assv, helping friends and friends work together to serve their clients and construct an industrial ecology.
Intoonbip, actively managing the tide of corporate cloudization and nationalization. At present, friends face great opportunities for corporate cloudization and nationalization, with technology, policy, endogenous demand driving the transformation of firms, and trusting the extension of applications from the bottom server operating system to the top, oracle.
The slowdown in inputs in the cloud era has given room for alternatives to friendly national production. The company is expected to build on its business innovation platform, yombip, to actively seize the tide of cloud transformation and national production in large, mega-enterprises and to achieve a new three decades of growth.
The growth of business over the last three years has been more certain, leaving aside the valuation of financial operations and using ps for 2022 software plus cloud revenues. Corporate software is expected to generate $12.4 billion in 2022, giving 1) the spread of domestic and foreign epidemics, limited business activity and less demand for orders;
2) The IT industry has not moved as fast as expected; 3) the policy has slowed down in firms and has not been as aggressive as expected; 4) the trade friction between China and the United States has increased.
Use legally compliant information, produce the present report independently and objectively, use the data and information used in this report from the market, do not provide any assurance of the accuracy or completeness of these messages, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report will be used only for information purposes. I have not been, have not been, will not be, and will not be receiving, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.