With a friend network of $6.4 billion, focus on innovation of cloud products, and build a Chinese sap company to publish a plan to raise not more than $6.43 billion to build a business innovation platform, yonbip
Projects, etc.; sale of smooth and fast payment equity and termination of some financial-type investment projects.
Heart (630 million) and replenishment of liquid funds and return of bank loans ($1.21 billion). yonbip is a major fund-raising investment that is very important: (1) yonbip is based on a cloud-based technological architecture that can provide higher-impact services to a variety of clients, while building on the efficiency of medium-level programmes for research and development; (2) last year ' s launch
yonsuite has received product and technology certification from a growing group of business clients and has pushed yombip towards higher-end areas with greater success; (3) business innovation platforms have new advantages over erp products in terms of triangular service linkages and ecological construction.
Long-term income targets of hundreds of billions, with bid-sap actively taking up high-end market shares. Youonbip has to focus on breaking up corporate markets before they are occupied by large foreign players, such as Sap. The company’s forward target of hundreds of billions of dollars in forecasts means taking advantage of the national production winds to advance to high-end markets.
It is proposed to transfer $298 million in smooth and easy access payments to related parties to integrate technology, and to put an end to two investments, such as the China-China M & A fund, and the friendly Tyyan financial insurance. The main reasons are changes in external policy and regulation, while focusing on cloud ownership.
The follow-up financial services of the yonbip platform are expected to take the form of ecological cooperation. Using market prices as a standard on 30 June 2020, it is expected to maintain high growth and good industry opportunities, thus maintaining ratings.
Under-achievement of fund-raising; under-reform of R & D; change in the pace of sale of payment operations.
Computers: computer applications