Short-term pressure on performance, continued upswinging of cloud operations Southwest Securities Research and Development Center (NSSRDC) Impact of the epidemic, delayed procurement by some large- and medium-sized enterprise clients, and prudent and slow procurement by some MSMEs clients
This led to a decline in revenues, with a 10.9 per cent drop in revenue on the same year, and a high rate of growth in corporate cloud services, with revenues of $750 million, an increase of 59.1 per cent compared to the previous year; a larger decline in revenues of $1.59 billion, a decline of 29.4 per cent compared to the Internet, owing to the partial impact of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic;
The IFS operation, guided by a sound and sound approach to science and technology finance, controls the performance of the industry and achieves income of 150 million yuan, a decrease of 58.2 per cent in the same year) the profit end: the net profit of the company is equal to that of the personnel, with a modest increase in the salaries of some of its excellent employees, and the return on investment is less than the same. 3) The cost side is public.
Division sales costs were 17.8 per cent, a small increase over the same year; management costs were 15 per cent, R & D costs were 15 per cent to overcome the effects of the epidemic, and cloud operations continued to grow. 2020 h1:1) Large client areas: companies have released low-code development platforms, yonbuilder, nccloud 2020.05, contracted air traffic in South China,
A number of large integrated groups, such as saddle steel groups, snowflakes and beer, have been actively promoting national production alternatives, helping enterprises to intellectually transform and build. 2) Medium-sized client areas: cloud service packages for medium-sized enterprises. yonsuite released V202005, u8+v16.0 and signed Chinese medicine, Jiangsu-Chu-Fuda.
(c) Small and micro-client areas such as technology, North Hong Kong, trade, etc.: smooth and smooth integration of ticketing and taxes; enhancement of smart cloud tax functions; introduction of new cloud service products such as a good business rollout; distribution of t 30-year glory editions; and (d) Cloud Market Application City: currently more than 6,500 registered partners.
More than 10,000 products and services are located in the country, serving as the leading online and underline integrated cloud ecosystem service platform, 1. Friends Network (600588), which has made a huge leap forward in cloud operations, has been marketed for more than 80 cloud-based eco-integrated products, and has seen rapid growth in the performance of cloud-based eco-integration products.
The core cloud asset position is further recognized (2020-03-29) and the net return profit will remain at a compound rate of 17% for the next three years.
The “triple” direction inspired the future (2019-10-31), and the cloud platform's ecology was gradually perfected under the friendly 3.0 strategy, and we have a long-term vision of corporate development and maintained a “holding” rating.
Assumption 1: Under downward pressure from the domestic economy, the company’s software business has been affected to some extent, while the company’s nc product has stopped selling to new customers and has been replaced by a nccloud product, so that the company’s software business will increase at a lower rate. We expect that the company’s share of revenues from traditional software operations will decline from 2020 to 2022, and is expected to fall to around 22% from year to year.
Assumption 2: The company is firmly committed to the cloud strategy, and its revenues have more than doubled for three years in a row: the company has strengthened its eco-strategic layout, working with the Chinese giants, and the cloud operations are expected to continue to grow at a high rate, driven by synergies. Assumption 3: Financial operations consist mainly of bill payments and p2p financial management.
The impact of regulation policies, which have declined in previous years, is expected to remain strongly regulated in the future, with some impact on corporate financial operations. Corporate payments are growing faster, and, with the implementation of integration strategies, they will also lead to more product sales. With steady growth in corporate revenue, we expect financial operations to account for a basic share of revenues.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.