From the corporate level to the social level, set up the Add Code Innovative Clouds platform, which was built on yombip on July 01, 2020.
The distribution costs will then be used for the following projects: $4,597 million for the construction of the Yonbip platform for business innovation among friends; $628 million for the construction of three R & D centres in the friendly industrial park (Nachang); and $1,205 million for the replenishment of liquidity and the return of bank loans.
yonbip is born into a cloud, building a platform from the enterprise level to the social level: yonbip uses an open platform and architecture, with a focus on finance, manpower, synergy, procurement, marketing, supply chain, production of cloud services in the core areas of the seven major enterprises, with an open platform and architecture, with a focus on the middle of operations, the data center and the technology hub, with a focus on finance, manpower, synergy, procurement, marketing, supply chain, and the production of cloud services in the core areas of the seven major enterprises.
In a unified platform and public service that improves the overall efficiency and quality of production in the field and industry, and at the same time creates a powerful base for the business innovation ecology, it becomes a platform for the whole business of friends and the ecological future. yombip is based entirely on cloud-based technologies, using unserver-based computing and microservice racks.
yombip extends from back-office management to front-office extraterritorial connectivity and transactions, well beyond the traditional erp, to support and operate clients.
Business innovation in households (business innovation, management innovation), which seeks to build a common platform for socializing businesses to share infrastructure and business service industries. Create a global leading corporate cloud service platform, with income targets of hundreds of billions: yonbip is a number
The economic era is a digital platform for growth-oriented, large-scale and mega-enterprises. The company based on the concept of synergizing services and eco-development, yombip, has developed a network of more than 10 million business clients, an ecological partner that brings together over 100,000 businesses and connects more than 100 million people.
The human community, achieving the hundreds of millions of revenue-earning development goals, reflecting the strategic considerations and firm belief of the company, the Friends Network (600588), the performance transfer of smooth and easy payment equity, the concentration of resources on cloud operations: the company intends to hold a holding subsidiary.
After this transaction is completed, the company will no longer include smooth payments in the company’s consolidated statements.
The company's current deal, which is intended to focus on cloud service owners, reflects the firm's commitment to clear cloud service battles, and to the cloud industry (600588), in line with the company's business development plan and strategic layout, and to the company's future long-term development.
Keeping up with high growth, the new generation of cloud products3 and the Users Network (600588), the growth of product competitiveness in the cloud industry, and the prospect of a new business friend as a software company serving large enterprises on a long-term basis.
One generation of cloud service products has further increased the market share of high-end products, leading to a stronger position.