Advances in fund-raising technology to benefit from cloudization + opportunities for national production - Non-public publication of pre-assessments of company announcements of non-public distribution of stock stock plans in 2020, with no more than 35 specific investments to be made
In addition, the Fund will increase its investment in research and development and will continue to upgrade technology leadership by investing in the Yonbip project of the Friends Business Innovation Platform, the three-phase research and development centre project of the Friends Industries Park (Nacchan), and replenishing liquidity.
It is proposed to invest $4.59 billion in the Yonbip platform, which will build a corporate cloud platform based on technology platform + mid-stage. As the trend toward corporate upswings and business shifts becomes more apparent, companies will also want to use their own technology to build a shared platform for socialized business applications infrastructure and business service industries to upgrade their uniforms.
The company wants to help large firms to build a platformed business model that connects to cross-industry, common, and complete field applications by comparing the three main lines of business, data, and technology.
And based on Paas’ open platform integration and partner products and services to achieve common progress in their own and industrial sectors. This increase does not affect real control and optimizes the company’s financial structure.
Upon completion, according to the distribution cap of 487 million shares, the share in a friendship technology is 24.66 per cent and still in a corporate holding position; Wang Wenking controls 38.59 per cent of the company ' s interests in aggregate and remains in the company ' s actual control. The increase is higher in the first quarter of 2017 - 2020. This increase is expected to supplement the company ' s cash by 1.2 billion dollars. It is expected that the asset and liability structure will be optimized and reduced.
Financial costs, increasing sustained profitability. Keeping an eye on the high cloud demand from the intellectual transformation of firms, new opportunities for national production as a substitute for markets \triangleright
In addition, the high-end erp, sap and oracle markets of 2018 account for more than 50 per cent, while s010 119010012, in the face of a wave of national production, will be a new opportunity to use friends as domestic erp-led companies.
Keeping the `recommended' rating, we're looking at new opportunities for companies to reap the benefits of the tide and the high-end erp market.
Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) cut their procurement budgets, cloud products are being promoted at a slower rate than expected.
In 2019, the Research Assistant for the Computer & Education Industry at the Institute of Human Resources Studies joined the Institute of Civil Security, the Master of Banking and Finance of the Kings College of London. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Practice (SIP) granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions were not influenced by any third party.