Cloud services keep growing high and new platforms are building new directions - they're reported in the Friends Network 2020h1 - the impact of the epidemic has led to a decline in corporate revenue, and the rapid growth of cloud services has become a bright spot.
Some MSMEs clients have been cautious and have slowed down their purchases to generate revenue, especially from software operations, as a result of the delayed emergence of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic. Corporate cloud operations have been growing in reverse and showing a remarkable performance. During the reporting period, software operations achieved revenue of $1,587 million, a 29.4 per cent decline compared to the previous period; and Internet access to information services.
Revenues of $154 million, a decrease of 58.2 per cent from the same year, were realized for corporate cloud services (excluding financial cloud services) at $750 million, an increase of 59.1 per cent from the same year, and continued to grow at a high rate. By size of enterprise, MSMEs services generated revenues of $7.86 million, an increase of 73.8 per cent; and MSMEs services generated revenues of $672 million, an increase of $672 million.
57.5% longer. At the end of the reporting period, the cumulative number of corporate clients in the company ' s cloud services business was 5.9726 million, of which cumulatively increased product competitiveness and the strategic platform yonbip launched a new direction \triangleright
During the reporting period, the company released a low-code development platform, yonbuilder, and successfully signed the South China Air, Seal Steel Group, Snowflake Beers, Jiangsu Heung Li optics, etc., and signed with Tomona Bank, Naking Communications, Chinese Paper Industry, etc.
On August 6, 2020, the company’s dedicated research and development and build-up of a friend-to-friend business innovation platform was officially launched. Previously, the company had published a private release plan for raising up to $6.43 billion, of which $4.6 billion was to invest in the project.
Business revenue is gradually returning to its original size, while cloud services continue to grow at a high rate. The company is our erp-led company, which is now more suitable for ps valuation methods, with a computer leader 23 times the current level.
Cloud services are not growing as expected: the epidemic continues to result in less demand for corporate orders than expected.
2. The Friends Network (600588), the company ' s financial statement projections, are summarized. It has been a leading player in the Education & Computer Sector at the Institute of Human Security, joined the Institute of Human Security in 2019 and served as a Master of Financial Sciences at the University of Foreign Economics and Trade in Shanghai.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.