On the evening of 28 August, the company released its semi-annual report for 2020. In the first half of the year, the company achieved a business start.
The growth in revenues from cloud services continued to be high, with a steady increase in the number of cumulative paying clients affected by the emergence of a new coronary pneumonia epidemic, delayed procurement by some large and medium-sized enterprises, and a number of micro and small enterprises circulating market value (millions):
Clients are cautious and slow to procure. In the first half of the year, sub-operations achieved revenues of 1,587 million yuan, a 29.4 per cent decrease in the same year; Internet access to information services generated revenues of 154 million yuan, and cloud services continued to grow at a high rate of 750 million yuan, a 59.1 per cent increase in the same year.
MSMEs realized revenues of $7.866 million, an increase of 73.8 per cent over the same period; MSMEs realized revenues of $672 million, an increase of 57.5 per cent over the same period. By the end of the last half of the year, the cumulative number of corporate cloud services clients amounted to 56.17 million, an increase of 5.6 per cent over the end of the previous quarter.
• In the first half of the year, firms accelerated the pace of cloud transformation, upgraded their high-end, middle-end, micro- and small-scale business competitiveness, upgraded their high-end business-wide capabilities and increased their middle-end business competition
1) Large-scale enterprise operations: companies are fully engaged in research and development and the creation of business innovation platforms yombip, actively promoting alternative national production projects, and supporting the intellectual transformation and construction of enterprises.
2) Medium-sized enterprise operations: release of yonsuite version V202005, successful resumption of growth-enhancing enterprises and high income growth 2020.03.29; u8cloud clouderp products highly recognized in the market. 3) Small and micro enterprise operations: focus on micro-enterprises
Business finance and management services, issuing new products such as a good and easy accounting flagship version. 4) Government and other public organizations: achievements in finance, social security, education, etc.) Other services such as finance
Business: The number of customers is steadily increasing with the introduction of market hot-market insurance products into the Internet insurance brokerage business. An additional $6,430 million is planned for fund-raising, and on 1 July, the company launched a " Non-public share plan for 2020 " , which is intended to raise funds.
A total of not more than $6,430 million for the investment of the Yonbip construction project (4,597 million yuan) and the 3-phase R & D centre construction project (628 million yuan) of the friendly industrial park (Nanchang)
Improving the efficiency of the business services industry and enhancing the overall competitiveness of the industry is expected to significantly enhance the firm’s core competitiveness and help it achieve the strategic goals of a global leader in business cloud service providers. Companies have been working for years in traditional business management software, and the industry is strong; cloud services are strategic development.
Looking at the company’s operating income of $9,637 million in 2020-2022, and by continuing to drive the cloud transformation, the ps valuation is expected to increase gradually, increasing the company’s 2020 target ps to the macroeconomic downside, and releasing the demand from downstream customers; the cloud service transition is not moving as fast as expected; and connectivity is not on track.
Figure 1: User-friend network ps-band authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice awarded by the Chinese Securities Association for the past three years, provide this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.