The increase in contractual liabilities and the impending surge in large-scale enterprises are expected to accelerate in the second half of the year, as the epidemic affected h1 performance on 28 August 2020, with the advance target contract liabilities close to doubling:
In the first half of the year, affected by the epidemic, procurement by some large and medium-sized enterprises was delayed, and some MSMEs clients were cautious and slowed down, resulting in a decline in revenues (mainly from traditional software) and profits. The increase in industry was 99.32 per cent, partly due to adjustments in accounting standards, but also as an early indicator.
This augurs well for the high demand for cloud services, and we expect that the pace of procurement by large and medium-sized clients who have been passively delayed will accelerate in the second half of the year, and that the year’s targets will still be met.
750 million yuan, an increase of 59.1 per cent in the same year; 1,587 million yuan, a decrease of 29.4 per cent in the same year, for software; 78.66 million yuan, an increase of 73.8 per cent, for small and medium-sized enterprises, for the Internet Investment Finance Information Service, which controls the development of small and medium-sized enterprises.
The cumulative number of business clients was 5.9726 million, of which 56.71 million, representing an increase of 31.9 per cent compared with the end of the year 2019, and the use of the Soyun Market application, where more than 6,500 partners entered the city and there were more than 10,000 products and services, thus becoming a domestic leader.
The front-line, sub-line integrated cloud ecosystem service platform has been on the market for more than 80 cloud-based eco-integration products, and the performance of cloud-based eco-integration products has increased rapidly.
1. Friends Network (600588). Quick: In the first half of the year, companies released yombip, low-code development platform, industry to society, adding code innovation cloud
Yonbuilder and ncc20.05 successfully signed a number of large integrated groups, such as South China Air, Seal Steel Group, Snow, Flower Beer, Jiangsu Heung Li optics, to assist in the intellectual transformation and construction of enterprises.
2. Friends Network (600588), performance shares, etc., achieve high performance growth.
The Chinese Agricultural Development Bank, the First Gas Group, and other leading industry companies. yonsuite released a new edition of the Air 2020-05-22 Ben signed on Chinese medicine, Jiangsu-Chu Dynasty, Zhejiang Omron elevator, and North Hong Kong Dynasty.
3 Friends Network (600588), typical customers like cloud industry, trade, etc. Large groups are accelerating, using friends to highlight their advantage at the mid-to-high end.
Promoting the expansion of product lines from the enterprise level to the social level, which in the long term will lead to better access to end-b and end-c, a stronger leader and a “buy-in” rating.