National chip design tap, continuing to benefit from downstream release and national production replacement on 13th of June, 2022.
Research assistant Xu Sheng
In areas such as systems control and informatization, high growth rates and high Maori rates can be maintained in the 14th and 5th years: 1) rapid advances in informationization have created a huge demand for companies; 2) special integrated circuits are a multiplier of equipment effectiveness, are still relatively low, demand space is high and companies 28nm
(c) Since 2021, companies and downstream enterprises have expanded their encapsulation capacity to address pre-existing capacity bottlenecks, so that the company ' s output can be released quickly; and (4) the existence of technical and qualification thresholds for special integrated circuits is a rare player
Disaggregate the track to maintain a high Māori rate, and companies are moving from product suppliers to solution providers, depending on the variety of products they produce, and are technologically advanced.
The smart card security chip business is growing rapidly, driven by policy escorts. The company ' s sim card business accounts for more than 60% of the country ' s cities, and foreign competitors ' exit from the Chinese market is expected to lead to a fast-track development of prices. Identity cards, social security cards, etc. in document chips are about to change the card cycle.
Focusing on high-end safety chips and vehicle-borne control chips, the company’s performance is further enhanced by the overall “deficit” context of the automobile industry, driven by national production. The country’s 100-billion-grade universal fpga deep-seated participants are at a turning point in years’ performance.
The fpga market reached 16 billion yuan in 2021, with a combined increase of 20% in 2021-2025, but the rate of national production is extremely low. The UV micro-brands were created in 2013 to target fpga operations, and have made significant forward R & D investments, which have already passed the investment pool.
In the medium term, with the launch of the 28nm process logos-2 series in 2020, technology has reached medium level to become a new growth point in corporate performance.
(c) Identity chip conversions are not as fast as expected.
Purple Light is a leading home-grown chip design lead business. The company focuses on integrated circuit chip design and development, is a leading IC chip product and solution provider, and has developed a leading competition in core business areas such as smart safety chips, special integrated circuits, security, self-autonomous fpga, power semiconductor devices, superstitious crystal frequency devices, etc.
The company has now developed a business pattern that is supported by integrated circuit operations, which include integrated circuit operations, which include smart chips, special integrated circuits, power semiconductors and fpga; crystals operations, which are mainly made up of stone crystal instruments. Products are used both domestically and internationally for finance, telecommunications, government, automobiles, industrial interconnections, etc.
Figure 1: UV country micro-specific business plates, multiple extensions and acquisitions of business areas, focus on chip design.
The company was created in 2001 to purchase 100% of the Peking Emblem electronics and enter the security chip area; the same year to purchase the Shenzhen logo electronics and enter the special integrated circuits; and the fully-owned company was created in 2013 to create the same purple light as the fpga.
In the area of R & D: 76% of the Xian purple core in 2014 was acquired into the research and development area of the dram. Business stripping, perfecting the overall strategic layout, and continuously focusing on chip design.
The company’s line of business became clearer when the business was consolidated. To further strengthen its leading position in the area of continuous focus, the company issued a transferable debt of up to $1.5 billion in January 2021 for “a new high-end security sequence”
The project on research and development and industrialization, and the project on research and development and industrialization of vehicle-borne control chips. Platform-based enterprises, upstream groups, end up paving the way for future development.
The main integrated circuits and smart safety chips are carried out by the subsidiaries' microelectronics and the Beijing co-cores, respectively, as well as by the start-up of the operations of the stone crystals and the development of fpga. The purple group restructuring process is continuing, and the future presence of state-owned capital will be of great benefit to the development of the purple country.
On December 13th, the Purple Group Manager revealed the Purple Group Reorganization Programme, and announced that Beijing and Beijing would form a coalition of leaders, as strategic investors for the Purple Group Reorganization, which was approved by the Court on January 18, 2022, and the Purple Group will be re-opened.
The company is in the upper edge of the industrial chain, with strong demand for downstream applications. As a chip design company, it is upstream, with crystal-crystal manufacturing and electronic components, downstream, with chip fluids, envelopes, tests, and high-profile applications.
Systems control, informatization, new energy vehicles, 5g, etc. Figure 6: Microelectronics in the upstream equipment chain.
Corporate performance continued to grow and net profit levels increased robustly 4.67 per cent year-on-year, mainly due to the withdrawal of the subsidiary Xi's violet core from the consolidated statements, with an annual revenue of $2,292 million in the first half of 2021, an increase of 56.54 per cent over the same period, sustained and growing performance in a healthy and stable state.
The annual compound growth rate is 24.45%, benefiting from high growth in special integrated circuit operations, net return profits in the first half of 2021, growth in the two main core industries, a higher income ratio than the Māori ratio, and major gross profits from special integrated operations. Smart security chips and special integrated circuits are two of the company's cores.
In 2020, it rose to 1,363 million yuan, with an annual compound growth rate of 24.41 per cent; in six months, the company earned 2,292 million yuan in revenues from special integrated circuit operations, of which 771 million yuan was generated from smart security chips and 1,370 million yuan from special integrated circuits, representing 33.64 per cent and 59.77 per cent, respectively.
Total chips and special integrated circuits reached 29.69 per cent and 76.77 per cent, respectively, with Māori levels for special integrated circuits remaining at high levels of growth from 2016 to 2020, with cost rates continuously decreasing over time, and research and development inputs increasing steadily.
The company’s lifetime cost rate has been declining, while the investment in R & D has been increasing. The management rate has declined the most, with high priority. The ratio of R & D inputs to business income has declined as business income has grown faster than research and development inputs.
At present, high-end industries, such as systems control and informationization, are developing at a high rate, with a strong demand for special integrated circuits, a relatively low rate of domestic production in the domestic market, and a large space for companies to grow in this area, while the technology for manufacturing 28 nanometres of our chips has matured to meet demand at the technical level.
National microelectronics: National Lead Integrated Circuit Design Corporation National emblem electronics is mainly engaged in special integrated circuit development, production and marketing. Products include special microprocessors, special programmable devices, special storage devices, special network bus and interfaces, special simulators, special sopc systems
Devices and asic/soc customised chip services whose products are widely used in the field of system control and informatization through embedded computers, electronic control systems. Our special integrated circuits are now largely autonomous, with the exception of the incremental market for advanced equipment.
The stock market is still large. Because of the unique environment in which the product is used and the high demand for reliability and stability, the state emblem is the leading supplier in the country in the direction of special integrated circuits, providing chips for special equipment storage, interfaces, power sources, networks, etc., which dominate the special fpga market.
Special integrated circuits have a high value and a high threshold. Special integrated circuits have higher standards for the working temperature of products, electrical design functions, process requirements, etc., and require greater tolerance, stability and safety in a more demanding environment. In the area of special equipment, special integrated circuits are the gateway to modern special equipment intelligence and miniaturization.
Key components, and in areas where systems control, informatization, etc. require higher technology and sophisticated equipment, special integrated circuits are also short plates that limit product changes and therefore are more expensive. Moving from a product supplier to a solution supplier, continuously improving the competitiveness of the enterprise.
The products that are available to customers on their own, with a variety of national microelectronics, cover microprocessors, fpga, storage, network busses and interfaces, simulators, sopc systems, etc., are close to 500 varieties and are technologically strong and can be supplied directly to customers with complementary products and solutions, which significantly saves customers ' costs and enhances the market competitiveness of firms.
The main product of the special integrated circuit is 2.2.1.fpga, which has a high potential to connect the entire industry.
The most advanced special fpga in state-of-the-art electronics has reached tens of thousands, and the new generation of high-capacity fpga, 28 nm, has grown in volume and become the mainstream market.
A special bus and a high degree of integration of interfaces are the public communications backbone for the transmission of information between the various functional parts of the computer, which is a transmission beam consisting of a guidance line, which is a common channel through which cpu, memory, input, and output equipment transmits information.
Connected, external equipment is connected to the bus by means of the corresponding interface circuit, thus forming a computer hardware system, the core technology being the design of the bus protocol, the bus layout, and the bus code. Depending on our own circumstances, the country has developed its own bus protocol, and the main line and interfaces developed by the country's microelectronics are widely applied to the special equipment control system.
Special micro-stores are important "bridges" for the transmission of information, including random access (ram) and read-only (rom), and are an important part of the data transfer box (dtc). The data transfer box (dtc) can also be used for importing target data, equipment monitoring systems, etc.
National microelectronics have a full range of products in the area of storage in special areas, and the business is also relatively high in the collection.
Sopc can program the system by putting the whole system on a silicon piece of silicon with programmable logic technology, combining soc with fpga, which is a common demand processing system with fpga features that can be reduced, expanded and upgraded flexibly, and highly integrated is the direction of future fpga development.
Sopc is also a high value-for-money solution in the face of the need for custom chips. Compared to the traditional design, a product of a single product has a high research and development workload and low efficiency, sopc integrates a large number of peripheral components into the chip, bringing together multiples into a series with a high degree of integration that enhances the reliability of the chip.
Stability also reduces the weight and cost. In particular, it can make up for the short cut in the ability of small clients to integrate, simplify their work, and meet differentiated needs through fpga.
Microprocessors can be easily applied to the resolution and execution of instructions, data collection operations and monitoring of peripheral equipment. There are extensive applications in aerospace.
The product performance level is in the lead at the domestic level, with a generic microprocessor, embedded microprocessor, highly reliable microprocessor series of 10 products.
Simulation of integrated circuits refers mainly to the integration of analogue circuits made up of capacitors, resistors, transistors, etc., into integrated circuits used to handle analogue signals. National microelectronics have also made significant progress in the area of analogue devices, special power switching multi-products, and national microelectronic power monitoring chips will benefit from the rapid development of power cells.
Smart security chips are diverse, demand is growing rapidly, and demand for smart security chips is growing rapidly, and companies are producing a full range of products. Purple same core, as a micro-summit department in the purple light country, has developed a leading competitive and market position in the field of deep-deep safety chips for 21 years since its inception in 2001.
Its products include, inter alia, smart card safety chips, represented by sim card chips, bankic chip chips, social security card chips, traffic card chips, and end-safe chips, represented by usb-key chips, posse safety chips and non-contact readers chips, which can provide security to multi-area customers such as communications, finance, industry, cars, material networking, etc.
The data show that China’s smart card market in 2019 has reached 10 billion yuan. As smart card technology advances and expands, the size of the smart card market is expected to continue to grow in the future.
The sim card chip is rising steadily, and the bank card, identity card, etc., is about to be replaced by the sim card business, "The King is the King," and the price is expected to rise. The purple light country, as the largest supplier of the sim card chip in the country, has been working deep in the sim card chip field for years, taking the lead in the use of flash technology in the sim card chip, with its rich lines.
Business experience and impressive market performance. Companies can provide a variety of chip products with different capacities and configurations, covering low, medium and high-end full-line applications, both within and outside the country, in the forefront of global markets, with domestic municipalities accounting for more than 60%.
Out of the Chinese market, the prices are expected to rise. The company has successfully developed a super-sim card, which can be fully integrated with a network of 5g/4g/3g/2g, with powerful functions such as super-capacity, secure storage, and a one-key switch that can be recognized and promoted by three major operators in the country.
In 2009, the country first proposed a card to achieve social security, reaching 1,352 million in 2021, but the third generation of social security cards, 138 million people, or only 10.21%, will be larger in the future with the third generation of social security cards.
From 2015, we will phase out magnetic bar bank cards and replace them with more sophisticated financial cards, and we are now working everywhere on the “magnetic bar card switch” process. In the next few years, we will be able to release hundreds of millions of new financial cards each year. In 2020, we will be using 9.16 billion cards, which will be nationalized by 2016.
The rate is low, foreign products account for more than 90% of the market share, close to 50% in 2019, and domestic cores have become a major trend in financial ic cards in recent years. 5g brings new growth points for sim cards.
New functions and additional card files and services defined in the 5g standard, user identification data are used in communication using explicit text transfers, location information is not accurate enough to meet the information and security requirements of the 5g network, 5g opens a new era of interconnectivity, with a significant amount of smart equipment online in real time in the 5g network, and users are demanding higher levels of security and reliability.
As a result of technological developments, the sim card will have a deeper demand, and the purple country will certainly have a new growth point as the country’s largest supplier of sim card chips. By June 2021, 961,000 5g base stations had been built, with a total of 495 million users of 5g during the second quarter of the year and, according to the Ministry of Trade and Communications, in the middle of the second quarter of 2021.
Household penetration rate is 30.57%, and the sim card upgrades provide a very high level of follow-on growth for 5g. Group industry is integrated, expanding the international market.
The microconnector-integrated module covers, rfid mounds and antennas, card-making, hair chain, six parts.
Market customers and channel resources are superior, opening up international operations, and promoting globalization. And, in terms of products, purple-light countries have little access to stable and safe microconnector supplies, while one-stop-shop products can provide customers with stable and manageable solutions and create new market opportunities.
In June 2021, the company issued convertable corporate bonds to raise $1.5 billion for the construction of new high-end safety chip development and industrialization projects and vehicle-borne control chip development and industrialization projects.
The new high-end safety chip is developed in many fields to ensure technological excellence. The company carries out new high-end safety-series research and development and industrialization projects to develop an autonomous IP nuclear safety chip, more than 5g applications, and 5g car connections.
v2x, servers and cloud computing four high-performance safety chips. While improving the algorithmic performance of the chip, providing high-performance ability, improving the performance and safety of the product, further upgrading the company’s market availability and competitiveness at the high end of the safety chip, ensuring technological excellence, and providing a good basis for the company’s sustainable development.
Bus-based car-car controller chips, taking advantage of the vehicle-car-car chip development precursor. Vehicle-car-car-controlled multinuclear controller chips, mainly in the area of vehicle-wide control, have the role of improving vehicle power, safety and economics. The core parts of the vehicle-control devices are tasked with data exchange, safety management, driver-intentional interpretation and energy flow management.
Car regulation mcu (microcontrol units) chips, as the core of internal computing and processing of motor electronic systems, are spread over sub-systems such as auto power control, body control, security control, traffic control, information processing, etc. The market owners are currently concentrated in 8, 16 and 32 places, mainly for body control, power systems, cabins, adas.
In 2020, the global Car Code mcu market was $6.5 billion, and the icinsights projected to grow to $8.8 billion in 2023. The share of the global car mcu market in 2020 was 87 per cent compared to the top five, namely, Risa, Ngippe (nxp), British Flyer, Texas instruments and microcores.
In 2020, China’s Mcu market reached 26.9 billion yuan, but the country’s production rate was low, with seven leading offshore firms accounting for about 70% of the market share, and the potential of the country’s production to replace it. The company aimed at a car-loaded chip market, which helped break the foreign manufacturer’s monopoly in this area by laying a vehicle-borne control chip.
In a time of growing geopolitical conflict, both common and specialized markets, the replacement of national production is a necessity. Boeing air passengers stop all Russian flights on both sides.
According to Reuters, on 2 March, the American aircraft manufacturer Boeing announced on 1 March that it would suspend services such as zero-loading, transport support and technical support for Russian aviation, and that Boeing’s operations in Moscow had also been suspended. On the previous day, Boeing had announced the suspension of its work in the Moscow training park and the closure of its office in Kyiv.
For many years, Deep Farming General fpga, which benefits from national production replacement fpga, is a short name for the field programming door array and is known as the "one-power chip" which can be re-edited by code and which, because of its programmable characteristics, can achieve any electrical function in a way that is comparable to that of a specialized circuit.
fpga has a wide range of applications, including artificial intelligence, data centres, medical, communications, 5g, security, auto electronics, industry, etc., and as the process progresses and technology develops,
Expanding to a wider range of applications. The size of the fpga market, both domestic and foreign, has grown steadily, with global fpga markets projected to be larger than $12.5 billion by 2025, 16.4% compound growth between 2021 and 2025, while China’s fpga market has grown faster than the world level and is expected to grow from the fpga market in China.
The size of 16 billion yuan in 2021 rose to 33 billion yuan in 2025, with a compound rate of about 20%. There is a gap between our country and the advanced levels of the world. The world’s first fpga chip was invented in 1985 and has so far gone through three stages of development: the budding, the long-term and the eruption period, with the main technology indicator logical units and linear processes available.
Rapid progress. Domestic fpga, which began only in 2005, is now going through “no” and “no”, “no more, no better” and two phases, which are expected to enter the third phase of “no better to stronger” by 2025, allowing competition with the powerful xilinx and alter in high-end areas.
fpga has a high technology threshold, core technologies are in the hands of only a few companies, intel and xirinx have about 6,000 patents, create high technical barriers for post-entry, the global fpga market is monopolized by four companies: Intel, xilinx, Lattice, actel, and domestic fpga manufacturers have a wide gap in technology from large overseas plants and are not available.
Purple is a decade of focus on research and development, and technological progress is rapidly improving. Purple is a year of rapid improvement. Since its inception in 2013, it has been targeting fpga operations, and since its inception, it has continued to make significant advances in research and development, with results beginning in 2015.
Output, successively, three series of hardware products were published: Titan main offensive communications, video processing and industrial control domain; logos major industrial control, communications, consumer mass, low-cost projects; compa cpld product master communications, consumer electronics, drones, low-capacity, low-cost, small-size industrial control areas
In line with hardware development and applications, the fpga development software, a pangodesign subite, currently supports the development of tens of thousands of units. Purple has passed the investment concentration period, and performance has improved significantly.
The microchip, after many years of investment in research and development, has reached the middle level, followed by the expansion and coverage of medium-end products, reduced research and development pressure, increased product coverage, 782 million yuan in 2021, an increase of 148 per cent, net profit from 2020.
Smart card security chips and stone crystals, combined with a common fpga co-founder, have survived the concentrated investment period, with a significant increase in revenue, which has succeeded in reversing the loss and becoming a new growth point for the company’s performance. Special UV country micro-integrated circuits have occupied the main market for special integrated circuits, providing companies with more than 90% of their gross power.
Profit, mainly in the areas of system control and informationization, followed by rapid growth, is based on three main logics: 1) rapid advances in informationization create vast demand for companies; 2) special integrated circuits are multipliers of equipment efficiency, are still relatively low, demand space is high, and the company ' s 28nm linear technology is mature and fully technologically available
Adequate requirements; 3) formerly limited capacity in the industrial chain, mainly in the chip wrapping chain, which has been expanding since 2021, and in the UV country itself, where the industrial chain has been dispersed up and down, and where the company can produce to rapid release; 4) the technical and qualification thresholds of the special integrated circuits, which are a rare segment of players.
Combined with the above factors, special integrated circuit operations are expected to increase at the same speed as in 2022-2024. Security chips: smart card security chip operations are growing rapidly under the policy umbrella of the digital economy: 1) Simcar, the second-largest market position in the country, especially when competitors leave the Chinese market, are expected to be well priced.
The speed of growth is estimated for 2022-2024. The company's traditional operations, driven by industry developments in recent years, have increased its operations faster.
The Garrison and Ging Kaguin operations, similar to the Purple National Emblem, are the main suppliers of our special chip, selecting them as comparable companies for relative valuation, combining the above, based on the high profile of the special sector during the 1455s, and considering the company's special integrated circuit market dragons.
The rapid development of business such as headlines and smart card security chips, the repeated impact of the company ' s new crown epidemic on the industrial chain from 2022 to 2024, and the failure of the company ' s productive capacity to deliver the expected risk that the high levels of contagion will have an uncontrollable impact on labour-intensive industries, such as factories, and may have an impact on the company ' s production progress.
2) Risk of decrease in Māori ratio for special integrated operations: the volume of downstream purchases may drop in unit prices, resulting in a decrease in Māori rate; 3) Identity chip conversion at a less rapid rate than expected: corporate smart security card chip operations are growing rapidly if
The company’s performance will be adversely affected by the lack of speed with which future identity chips will be replaced.