Special integrated circuit leaders, product expansion drives the demand for national production and alternative space for new integrated circuits. The volatility of the international situation calls for continued strengthening of our national defence, which has led to an increase in our military budget and military equipment.
We are lagging behind the U.S. Army in terms of the quantity and intelization of our military equipment, with a higher volume of equipment expansion and replacement needs, and a demand cycle that comes directly from defence security needs.
Seven broad series of products, such as processors, storages, network busses and interfaces, simulations, sopc system devices and customisations, close to 500 varieties, which can be made available to users
Asic/soc design development services and home-grown system chip-level solutions, with leading technology and rich customer resources, are highly competitive. Smart card security chip applications are rich, and companies continue to innovate to seize development opportunities.
Chips can be used in a variety of areas, such as identification, mobile communication, and networking of things. Bank cards, social security, and the upgrading of Ma Yongzhengka, the gradual diffusion of 5g technology and the development of the networked industries are smart cores.
The company has a leading position in the domestic market, continuously perfecting its profile in the field of smart card chips, and has developed products such as 5g super Sim, super-financial core, super-voltaic cores, and web-based Esims, which are expected to be produced as quickly as possible and fully accessible to the industry.
The fpga chip's on-site programming makes it an ideal solution better than any other logical chip, and applies to areas where the development of 5g letters, artificial intelligence, industrial automation, etc. is good. The industry is now largely abroad.
Purple co-generation has developed a series of fpga products and corresponding design development eda software, with a comprehensive high-school low-end market. As research and development progresses, companies will gradually move into the ranks of high-end fpga suppliers around the world.
The company, as the country’s leading supplier of special integrated circuits and smart safety chips, will benefit fully from the nationalization of the products with advanced R & D technologies. The company’s R & D is not as fast as expected, the S & I industry is not growing as expected, and the crystal circle is working.
1.1 Focus on integrated circuit design and rapid expansion through M&A
The company is the leading chip product and solution provider, with special integration circuits and smart security chips as the two main operations, with semiconductor power devices.
In the field of crystalline frequency devices, chips, system solutions, and end products are provided for mobile communications, finance, government, automobiles, industry, and property networking in a number of industries. Outward M&As allow for rapid expansion: the small name of the purple country, the Tangshan Crystal Xinjin Electronics Unit.
A limited company, established in 2001, was officially listed in 2005 at the deep-seated office as the first company to be listed in the same industry. In 2010, 25% of the company ' s equity was acquired in exchange for shares in the company. In 2012, the company changed its name to one of the company ' s first shareholders.
“Commonwealth Electronics Co. Ltd.” Purchase of 100% equity and Shenzhen City Microelectronics Co. Ltd. (now the “violet peer” with the main business being the safe chip), completing two major projects
Camp layout. In 2013, Shenzhen State Microelectronics Ltd. established a fully-owned subsidiary, Shenzhen City and Genesis Electronics Co. Ltd. (now called Purple Light and Solution), which operates in fpga.
Since then, the Uttar Pradesh State has been acquired into the country's Microtech Ltd., the Xi An Purple State Kernel Semiconductor Ltd., and has invested in the establishment of Hong Kong Harbour Investment Ltd., the Tibet Outreach Archipelago Investment Ltd., the Tibet Maori Industries Harbour Investment Co. Ltd., and Tibet Werner.
The company's semiconductor industry is well-structured by companies such as Heart Industries Investment Ltd., Ultraviolet Microelectronics Co. Ltd., Uttar Pradesh Microsystems Co. Ltd., Uttar Pradesh and Purple Heart Energy. In 2016, Utility Group Ltd. became a shareholder in the company's holdings.
In 2018, the company was eventually renamed the company's name was changed to the name of the company's name, Ultra-Purple Microelectronics Company, Inc., as shown in figure 2 of its microdevelopment history.
Uttar Pradesh is a core company under the flag of Utility Group Limited. The Utility Group holds 32.4% of Uttar Pradesh shares through its fully-owned subsidiary, Tibet Purple Springs Investment Company Ltd., as actual shareholders in the company, and the first shareholder in the group is a limited public shareholder in Caohua.
The Purple Group is the leading digital infrastructure and service enterprise in the country, investing in the manufacturing of electronic components and equipment. In addition to the Purple Nation, there are a lot of purple shares under the flag of the Group, purple lights are on display, the Yang River is stored, and so on.
Figure 3 Micro-equity structure of UV countries 1.2 High performance in major business, good corporate performance, sustained innovation UV countries have seen sustained increases in micro-income and rapid growth. Businesses opened in 2017-2021
From 280 million yuan to 1,954 million yuan, the annual compound growth rate has increased by 62.54 per cent. It can be seen that since 2017 there has been an upward trend in corporate income and net return profits overall.
The company transferred 76% of the shares of the Xian purple core, which is no longer included in the combined financial statements. In addition, the net return profits of the company in 2020 were significantly increased in the face of declining revenue, suggesting that the company ' s costs were better compressed, and
In 2021, there was a high increase in net profits from both collection and repatriation, indicating that the company is currently operating well and improving its performance rapidly.
Figure 5 Utility National Emblems is a net profit for the mother (in billions of yuan) and the share of the business in the integrated circuits is rising rapidly. Special integrated circuits and smart card chips account for more than 90% of the business in the field. Special integrated circuits are growing rapidly.
From 516 million yuan in 2017 to 3,364 million yuan in 2021, an average annual compound increase. Moreover, since 2020, the main business of the storage chip, the Xian purple core, has ceased to exist and its contribution to the small income of the purple country has declined rapidly to zero.
Figure 6 UV Country Micro-business Collections (millions of yuan) Figure 7 UV Country Micro-Business Collections Compared to Mäori La High Company ' s overall Mäori Level of Special Integrated Circuits.
A billion yuan annual compound growth rate of 68.46% has contributed significantly to the company’s Māori upgrading. The Māori ratio for special integrated circuits is also much higher than for the company as a whole, and the overall trend is rising, from 62.49% in 2017 to 77.20% in 2021.
The overall Māori ratio of the company rose from 33.14% to 59.48%. The growth rate of the smart chip business was 22.51%. The lower Māori of the crystalware and the memory chip resulted in a significant increase in the overall Māori rate of the company after the chip came out of the table.
Figure 8 Māori (millions of dollars) for UV micro-operations. Figure 9 Māori for UV-based operations. UV-based micro-costs are better controlled. As the size of the collection expands, companies sell.
Costs continue to rise, but sales rates remain below 6%.
The overall sales of the company’s main products are on the rise. Corporate integrated circuit products (special integrated circuits, smart safety chips, etc.) have grown steadily from 1.556.2 million in 2017. Electronic components (semiconductor power, stone crystal frequency devices, etc.)
The stock of electronic component products was 425.86 million and 56.57 million, respectively, at a high level of stock, which could better respond to the high demand downstream of the semiconductor market.
The stock of the main products of the purple emblem (ten thousand) places a low priority on R & D innovation. Corporate R & D inputs as a whole are on the rise, rising from 503 million yuan in 2017 to 866 million yuan in 2021.
The share of inputs in total receipts is more than 16%. The number of R & D personnel in companies is larger, and until 2020 the number of R & D staff in companies was half of the total number of employees.
It is small, but its share is still more than 40% of the total workforce. Companies are closely following the market’s needs, taking advantage of technological and human strengths, continuously increasing technological innovation and product research and development, focusing on intellectual property protection and increasing core competitiveness.
Figure 15 Number of micro-researchers (persons) in UV countries. Figure 14 Micro-research and development inputs in UV countries.
Two special integrated circuits are in high demand for national production, and companies are moving towards national production for the 2.1 policy support special integrated circuit industry, with huge market space.
Integrated circuits have a strong advantage and wide range of applications. Integrated circuits (integrated circuit,ic) interconnect transistors, diodes, resistors, capacitors, sensors, etc., and fuses, and integrate them into one or more blocks through specialized manufacturing processes.
A semiconductor chip or media matrix that is enclosed in a tube shell and becomes a mini-electronic device or component with the required electrical function, small size, light weight, lead and welding point, long life, high reliability, good performance, low cost, and easy to grow on a large scale.
The advantages of production, which are widely applied in the areas of communications, security, military, industry, transport, consumer electricity, etc., are the cornerstones of informatization and digitization.
Downstream applications, mobile communications, military defense.
Light etching machines, light etchings, etching machines.
Splash target, scrubber, special gas.
Placing camera, encapsulating material, meteorological deposition equipment.
Integrated circuit containment, space and aviation, integrated circuits are important to the advancement of social informatization and access to national policies.
Integrated circuits are one of the main pillars of the information technology industry, affecting the development of social information and the digitalization of industries. In recent years, the country has introduced a number of policies to support the development of the integrated circuit industry.
The transfer of intellectual property rights, such as proprietary rights, copyrights for computer software, rights for new plant varieties, etc., is considered to be one of our strategic industries.
"The Ministry of Finance, the Directorate General of Taxes, the State shall introduce tax advantages for enterprises producing integrated circuits that meet the requirements.
Employability policy, which entitles enterprises producing integrated circuits to receive exemption from corporate income tax for the first five years, 6 to 10 years
General guidelines on enterprise income tax policy, which are subject to a 50 per cent reduction in the statutory tax rate of 25 per cent, and known (fiscal [2018] 27)
"On integrated circuit design and software."
Businesses, starting from the profit year until 31 December 2018
Taxes, reduced by half in the third to fifth years at the legal rate of 25 per cent, are taxed on the income tax of the enterprise until the end of the term, and are exempt from the tax of the enterprise from the first to fifth years of the profit year.
The New Age for Integrated Circuit Industry Income Taxes, followed by a 10% tax tax tax on businesses and a number of high-quality developments in the software industry.
Taxes. Strong support for eligible integrated circuit enterprises and soft-circuit policies (country-to-country-to-country-to-country-to-market financing of enterprises, both within and outside the country, to speed up internal listing.
- Development of advanced manufacturing clusters and promotion of integrated circuits and air traffic.
Day, ship and marine engineering equipment, robotics, advanced orbits and social development.
Innovative developments in industries such as control machines, medicines, and medical equipment. The integrated circuit industry is growing rapidly in the country.
In 2016-2018, the global integrated circuit industry grew from $276.7 billion to $393.3 billion, and although it contracted somewhat in 2019, it is expected to continue its upward trend in the future, contributing to the rapid expansion of the integrated circuit industry in the country.
From 2016 to 2019, the size of the domestic integrated circuit market rose from 433.55 billion yuan to 17 million dollars in global integrated circuit markets.
The global market for integrated circuits (US$ billion) is expanding rapidly in the integrated circuit design industry. Integrated circuit design is an important part of the integrated circuit industry chain. As the industry expands in size and optimizes its structure,
The domestic integrated circuit design market is growing at a high rate. Frost&sullivan data show that in 2016-2019, the domestic integrated circuit design market grew from $164.43 billion to $306.35 billion, with an average annual compound growth rate of 23.05 per cent and is expected to remain fast in the future.
The market size of China’s integrated circuit design industry (millions of yuan) is in urgent need of alternative production. Although our integrated circuit industry is growing rapidly, it is still unable to meet the high demand in downstream markets and is more dependent on imported products.
According to data from the China Customs Administration, in 2021, our imports of integrated circuits amounted to $432.55 billion, while exports amounted to only $153.79 billion, the trade deficit amounted to $278.76 billion, and the overall trade deficit of domestic integrated circuits has increased over the past five years.
Figure 20 Imports and exports of China ' s integrated circuits (US$ billion) 2.2 Informationization of special products has been steadily advancing, with the promotion of the special integrated circuit industry
Special integrated circuits are highly adaptable, mostly for specific areas, and the need for national production is pressing, with high downstream demand. Special integrated circuits are more secure and reliable than normal integrated circuits, and can be used in harsh environments such as low temperatures, corrosion, mechanical shocks, etc.
There is also an even more pressing need for national production. The need to increase the quantity and quality of special products is enormous, leading to a high rate of growth in the upstream integrated circuit market.
Special products continue to grow in terms of information. With the increase in the information share and the increase in telecommunications technology, the special products industry will grow further, leading to the development of components and materials such as special integrated circuits.
The country’s military-industrial electronics industry is based and growing rapidly. Military-industrial technology is an integrated military-industrial technology system that integrates semiconductor technology, photovoltaic technology, laser technology, infrared technology, embedded technology, virtual simulations, etc., and is important for national defence information.
Our military-industrial electronics industry has started late and has developed hard, but in recent years it has made remarkable progress. The Institute’s data show that the size of our military-industrial electronics market in 2010 was only $81.9 billion.
In 2019, it reached $292.7 billion, with an average annual composite growth rate of 15.2 per cent and a steady growth rate, and it is expected that the military-industrial electronics industry will also hold the size of the Chinese military-industrial-electronic market in figure 21 (billion yuan) as our defence modernization progresses.
2.3 The company is at the forefront of the domestic market and is technologically strong The special integrated circuit industry has high entry barriers: it takes many years for new entrants to invest in research and development in order to establish a market.
In the short term, the leading position in the field will be difficult to shake, with a high rate of special integrated circuits, high downstream demand, and companies are expected to rely on the business to grow even more in the coming years. The purple light country has a very deep pool of special integrated circuit customers.
The circuit business is mainly R & D, production and marketing based on the unique needs of the client (government, enterprise), so long-term partnerships with core customers help build self-competitiveness. Companies have been operating in the special integrated circuit industry for many years and have accumulated wealth.
This is one of the largest special circuit providers in the country.
The microprocessor's structural design, command set design and implementation techniques have broken through hundreds of billions of sops, high-performance pcle/Ethernet exchange, isolation, ultra-low shaking clocks, etc. Design validation techniques have created 14 nm sub-minimum cos, 100v high pressure.
A full set of special product design/test/validation platforms for processes such as bcd, combined with on-site programming techniques with system integration chips, successful roll-out of high-performance system integration products (sopc) with on-site programming functionality, and long-term cooperation with mainstream industry enterprises
The company continues to maintain a leading market position in connection with the network bus, interface products. With the extensive use of special Sopc platform products, system-level chips and surroundings, the company will continue to have a high market share.
The company’s market share of power chips, power modules, power monitoring, etc. continues to grow. In addition, the company has increased its research and development investment in digital power sources, high-performance clocks, high-speed high-precision adc/dac, circuit protection, isolation chips, sensor chips, etc.
In 2021, the development and development of new products for the company’s special integrated circuits went well. Special microprocessors and packaged chip group products continued to be rolled out, with important embedded collars.
Domains are used in bulk applications; special fpga products are introduced, and the new generation of 2xnams of high-capacity fpga series is widely recognized in the market, with continued leadership in key areas such as signal handling, information security, network connectivity, automatic control, etc.
Special storage products are technologically advanced, varied, and are the most widely applied areas in the country, with a wide range of products and a strong market lead. Subsidiaries’ products and technologies are widely recognized.
National microelectronics is a national high-technology enterprise, a national focused integrated circuit design enterprise, a national specialized new priority “Small Giants” enterprise, mainly engaged in research and development, production, testing and marketing services for special integrated circuits, which now form microprocessors and programmable devices.
Seven series of products, such as storage, network bus and interfaces, simulations, sopc system devices and custom chips, of which there are nearly 500 varieties, can provide users with the asic/soc design development service and a chip-level solution for national production systems.
One prize, two prizes for the advancement of science and technology, one prize for the development of technology, one prize for the invention of technology, one prize for the first prize for the provincial minister, and several prizes for the second prize for the provincial minister, which are widely used in areas related to special products.
Three smart security chip downstream industry is promising, corporate technology is leading, 3.1 smart chip applications are wide-ranging, and downstream demand is strong.
Smart card chips are embedded in various smart cards (e.g. cpu cards, logical encryption cards, rfid labels, etc.) Embedded cpu chip products with microprocessors, input/output device interfaces, etc.
Storage and chip operating systems that provide data computing, access control and storage capabilities, encryption, decrypting of data during data exchange, with features such as high storage capacity, good security confidentiality, long useful life, etc.
In the case of identification (identity card, Hong Kong and Australia pass, school card, etc.), social security (social security card), public services (traffic card), financial services (bank card), and communications.
The market for smart card chips continues to grow. According to frost&sullivan data, the global market for smart card chips as a whole showed an upward trend in 2014-2018, expanding from US$ 28.14 billion to US$ 3,270 million, with an average annual compound growth rate of 3.83 per cent;
The size of the global market for smart card chips will continue to grow in the future, with a projected $3.86 billion in 2023 and 2,793 million in delivery. With the advances in domestic technology and policy support, our smart card industry has also grown rapidly.
In 2014-2018, the size of the domestic smart card market rose from $7,691 million to $9,591 million, with an average annual compound growth rate of 5.67 per cent; the volume of shipments increased from 3,671 million to an average compound growth rate. In the future, the domestic smart card market is expected to remain on the rise.
By 2023, the size of the domestic market is expected to reach 12,982 million yuan, and the volume of shipments will show the size and forecast of the global smart card chip market in 24 dollars, and the size and forecast of the Chinese smart card chip market in 25 dollars.
Smart chip cards replace traditional magnet cards as a future trend in the market for bank cards. The bank cards, which serve as information carriers for the financial sector, are highly demanding for security, and the traditional magnetic card technology is relatively simple, making magnetic information easy to copy.
According to the data published by the People’s Bank of China, our bank cards have continued to grow steadily over the past five years, up to 2021.
At the end of the year, 924.7 million bank cards were opened across the country, an increase of 3.26 per cent over the previous year, with 6.55 bank cards per capita.
Figure 27 Number of Internet-based pos devices in China (millions) The traditional pos industry is becoming saturated and intelligent into a trend towards industry. People’s Bank of China data show that the market for traditional commercial pos machines has grown slowly in recent years.
Slow down, there was even a certain contraction in 2019, with the market saturating and the urgent need to upgrade. On the other hand, smart possers with the ability to clean up payments, biometric payments (print payments, face-painting payments), etc., began to appear, presage a variety of payments.
A functional smart posse will be the future direction of the industry, which will also impose new requirements on upstream posse security chip designs and manufacturers. Social security coverage is high in the country, and the number of future social security card holders has increased limited but new
Data from the Department of Human Welfare show that, by the end of 2021, the number of national social security card holders had reached 1,352 million, a rate that increased by only 1.27 per cent. We have over 90 per cent social security card coverage and will have limited growth in the future.
Given the changes in the card holder’s information, the Department of People’s Social Affairs sets the card validity period according to the age of the cardholder, requiring the card holder to change the card periodically.
Figure 28 Number of Chinese social security card holders (millions) Figure 29 Number of three insurance participants (millions)
Smart and safe chips play an important role in the property network industry. In the context of the network, each item also needs a unique identifier like a human being. And the technology associated with the smart card chip is right enough to meet this need to secure the se chip and secure it.
mcu chips, etc., are used in terminal devices to achieve recognition of equipment identity, secure communication between equipment, and data storage and access.
Demand. As one of the core components of an object-networking terminal, the development of an intelligent safety chip largely influences the growth of the product-networking industry. The commodity-networking market is growing rapidly, creating a huge demand for the upstream chip industry.
Data from the Institute of Forward-looking Industries show that, from 2015 to 2020, the boom in the upstream chip industry was driven by the rapid expansion of the physical network market in our country, and data from the Institute of Forward-looking Industries indicate that the rapid growth of the material-networked chip market continued in our country from 2015 to 2019.
168.3 billion yuan increased to 51.85 billion yuan, with a compound growth rate of 32.4 per cent.
The growth of car connectivity has led to an increase in the demand for smart security chip industries. Smart cars require extremely high levels of data security and stability. Smart security chips have thus become an important part of car connectivity, and the development of car connectivity has created an intelligent security chip industry.
Data from the Institute of Forward-looking Industries show that between 2018 and 2020, the country expanded to $163.7 billion, with industry penetration rising from 24.9 per cent to 48.8 per cent.
Smart door locks provide a new application scenario for smart safety chips. Lotu technology numbers show an overall upward trend in sales of smart door locks from 2017 to 2021.
Eight million have risen to 16,95 million. According to the White Paper on the Ecological Development of China ' s Smart House 2020, smart security products are the most needed product for users in the current smart-house industry, with 92% of smart-house users demanding family lock-in intelligence.
The growth and spread of home-able households is expected to lead to rapid growth in the smart door lock industry and create a large demand for smart safety chips.
The smart security chip business is one of the two main industries in the UV country, mainly represented by the sim card chip, the bank ic card chip, the social security card chip, the traffic card chip, etc.
Intelligent card security chips and products such as end safety chips, which are represented by usb-key chips, posse safety chips and non-contact, writeer chips, etc., provide innovative end-products based on safety chips for a wide range of customers, such as communications, finance, industry, automobiles, property networking, etc.
The company now has a client brand for mobile applications of 5g supersim, face-to-finance super-core, object-to-network applications of esim, and car-to-car super-core.
The main product of the purple emblem smart chip, the terminal safety chip, the smart card security chip.
In the front, contact cpucard chip. Reader chip.
Web-key chip, two-way cpucard chip, mpos chip.
The U.S.S. microchip business is leading with multiple certifications. The U.S.U.S. has six core technologies: near-field communications, security algorithms, security offensives, embedded storage, embedded programs, high reliability, and silver chip security.
Full certification, state secret level 2 certification, international sogiscceal, national and international certification, etc., as well as aec-q100 car regulation certification. July 2020, UV micro-intelligent safety chip thd89 passed international sogiscceal6+security recognition
The 5g supersim card offers a huge development opportunity for the purple-light country. The purple-light country has a small development opportunity.
The card is the top three countries in the world, with international cceal6+, silver union security, etc., and is officially listed as a 5g supersim card that supports both communications and large capacity storage. 5g supersim cards have super-capacity, secure storage, one key switch, etc.
Full compatibility of the 5g/4g/3g/2g network supports the need for new applications such as 5g, digital currency, digital identity, etc. In the first half of 2021, UV-country gave micro-support to China’s upper-label Chinese mobile 111.4 million Super Sim card product collection projects.
Table 2 Ultraviolet 5g supersim card advantage currently supports 32gb, 64gb, 128gb. Users can also support 256gb, 512gb, or even 1 tb or more in the future.
The storage space is controlled by the financial security chip, which has security qualities such as silver union security, state secrets, etc., and creates a full-scale security barrier for the storage of user information that effectively prevents information from being leaked and stolen.
The card presets an app package with a 5g super-sim card, which allows for a flexible backup and recovery between different mobile phones for communications, text messages, photos, applications, etc.., compared to other backup apps.
The sim card information backup and recovery is done locally, without draining traffic and without user buying cards at a cost less than the difference in the physical storage of the cellular phone. In addition, the form of the "card" determines that the 5g super Sim card is more than stored in the body.
Esim has a steady business drive to improve the layout of company chip products. Esim cards refer to the direct embedding of traditional sim cards into the device chips, not as a stand-alone device.
The removeable parts and components are added to the equipment, allowing users more flexibility in choosing the operator’s suite, and in replacing the operator at any time without having to unlock the equipment and buy new equipment.
Since 2020, China has created a small-capacity market for sesim, making it a link to China’s 10,000 Esim crystalline. The layout of the purple-light country’s operations will help companies to acquire a new growth dynamic in the era of the Internet.
The company is actively setting up a car code safety chip. Currently, the UV microcar code security program has been imported into a number of well-known car companies and can deliver bulk. The vehicle controller, the chip development and industrialization project are also well under way and will accelerate the company’s efforts.
Setup of LIN car applications, bringing new momentum to the company's layout in the car network industry 4fpga with great potential, affiliates growing rapidly 4.1fpga with clear advantages, industries growing rapidly and the need for national production replacements pressing
fpga, full of field programming door arrays, is one of the logical chips that is integrated circuits that are pre-designed on silicon and thus programmed. The greatest advantage of the fpga chip is field programming compared to other logical chips. fpga chip
When the manufacturing is completed, the functionality is not fixed, and the user can reconfigure the internal resources of the chip through a dedicated eda software that combines it into different functional, characteristic circuit structures to meet the application needs of different scenarios.
To perform multiple different functions configurations. Thus, the fpga chip allows flexibility between different business needs to improve economic efficiency and flexibility, which makes the fpga an ideal solution for areas requiring frequent upgrades, such as configuring, artificial intelligence, etc.
Figure 37 Logical chip classification of global fpga market growth is stable. Frost&sullivan data show that the global market size of fpga rose from $4.34 billion to $5.68 billion in 2016-2019.
The annual average compound growth rate of 9.38 per cent is relatively flat. However, with the development and diffusion of technologies such as 5g, artificial intelligence, autopilot, the demand for fpga chips is expected to grow rapidly in the future, and the market size of fpga is expected to expand rapidly.
Forost&sullivan estimates that the global market size of fpga will reach US$ 125.80 billion in 2025.
The domestic market for fpga is growing rapidly. Frost&sullivan data show that the domestic market grew from 6.56 billion yuan to 12.96 billion yuan in 2016-2019, with an average annual compound growth rate of 25.48 per cent, higher than the global market.
The field will also continue to grow, with frost&sullivan estimating that by 2025, the country's fpga will be worth 33.22 billion dollars. The fpga application is extensive. The fpga chip is field-programmable.
The high degree of flexibility that allows for shorter product listing cycles and lower development costs for applications is widely applied in areas such as industrial control, network communication, consumer electronics, data-mapping, auto-electronics, and artificial intelligence.
The fpga chip is already in use on a large scale in the communications field. The fpga chip has a high degree of flexibility, high real-time processing and parallel processing capability, which strengthens the location of the communications equipment.
Capability. The fpga chip can effectively meet the high-speed communication protocol processing needs in the communications sector, and can adapt to the continuous iterative nature of the communications protocol, with a greater ability to adapt to complex signals, multi-dimensional signals and, therefore, to communications.
Frost&sulliván data show that the size of the domestic market in the field of communications in fpga rose from 2.56 billion yuan to 5.31 billion yuan, with an average annual compound growth rate of 27.53 per cent, with a faster rate of growth. For the next few years, the frost&sulliván anticipates the fpga market rules in the field of communications.
Figure 40 The size of the market in China’s fpga telecommunications sector (millions of yuan) fpga is widely used in industry. As industrial production progresses towards intelligent, self-motivated, highly efficient, real-time, flexible fpga chips are in operation.
The industry has spread rapidly, and the fpga chip is currently mainly used in industrial production processes such as video processing, image handling, digital control machines, etc. to achieve signal control and acceleration.Frost&sullivan data show that the city of fpga in the domestic industrial sector, 2016-2019
The size of the field has grown from $2.14 billion to $4.15 billion, with an average annual compound growth rate of 24.70 per cent, with a faster rate of growth. Frost&sullivan anticipates that the future of the fpga market in the industrial sector will continue fast.
The fpga sector has a high concentration, with market share dominated by foreign leaders. According to data from the Institute of Industrial Research, the top three manufacturers in the global fpga chip market in 2020 were xilinx, intel (altera) and lattice, which together accounted for 90%.
According to data from frost&sullvan, in 2019, the top three suppliers in China's fpga market were xilinx, intel (altera) and lattice, with 52 million, 36 million and 33 million, respectively, accounting for 85.2 per cent of the total.
In sales, Xilinx, intel (altera) and lattice are among the top three markets with sales of $7.14 billion, $4.67 billion and $670 million, accounting for 96.3 per cent. As can be seen, the fpga market has a low penetration rate of domestic production.
In the context of trade friction between Central America and the United States, national production has become an imperative for the domestic fpga industry.
Shenzhen City Purple Light and Soft Electronics Co. Ltd. was founded in 2013 as a micro-share subsidiary of the Purple Light Nation, specialized in the development and production of programmable logical devices (fpga, cpld, etc.) and dedicated to providing customers with perfect and autonomous intellectual property rights.
Programmable logical device platforms and system solutions are mainstream fpga manufacturers in China, with a whole range of low-end high-school products covering areas of application such as communications, industrial control, video surveillance, affordable electronics, data centres, etc.
In Shanghai, Chengdu and other R & D centres, 85 per cent of the employees are R & D personnel, with over 300 patents, core patents, more than 80 per cent, have been certified by the Iso901:2015 Quality Management System (QMS) and have received the Annual Best National Product fpga Award on several occasions.
Purple Homogram has now launched the Titan series of high-performance fpga products, the logos series of high-value fpga products, the compact series cpld products and the eda software that can support the design development of tens of units of fpga devices, a comprehensive layout of fpga
Table 3 shows China's first national ownership of high-performance fpga products.
A fully autonomous structure of property rights and a mainstream 40nm process with innovative configurable logic units (clm), dedicated 18kb storage units (drm), titan series
Modules such as arithmetic processing modules (apm), high-speed serial interface modules (hsst), multi-purpose fpga products with high performance 10 and rich clock resources, are widely applicable
Communications networks, information security, data centres, industrial controls, low-power, low-cost fpga products from the same purple light, using fully autonomous systems and mainstream 40nm processes with innovative configurations
Series modules (clm), dedicated 18kb storage units (drm), arithmetic processing modules (apm), multifunctional high performances10 and rich film clock resources, have been integrated into storage controllers (hmemc), modular conversion modules
Hard core resources, such as the logos series (adc), supporting multiple configuration models while providing local flow plus fpga products
Fashion, device id (uid) and other features to protect the user ' s design security, using advanced mature processes and a completely new lut5 structure, incorporating rich film resources such as Ram, dsp, adc, serdes, ddr3 and 10 interfaces for a wide range of applications
The areas of industry control, communications, consumption are the ideal options for customer mass, cost-sensitive projects. Low-cost, high-density 10 and non-favourable with 55nm processes
Sex cpld products, using state-of-the-art encapsulation technology, which provides electrostatic activation; of which lut4 capacity covers 1300-99000; with special storage modules (drm), a variety of clock resources, multifunctional 1/0 resources,
Compact series rich in cabling resources and integrated into cpld products such as spi, 12c and timers/meters
Hard cores, support multi-configuration models, support remote upgrades and double-start functions, and provide uid (uniqueidentiation) and other functions at the same time to protect the user's design security and meet low-capacity, low-cost, small-sized design requirements,
Pangodesignsuite is a national autonomous knowledge product that was developed in the same light and based on many years of fpga development of software technology and engineering practices.
The large-scale fpga development software supports the design of tens of thousands of class fpga devices. The software supports industry standard development processes that allow a full set of downloads from rtl to configuration data stream generation.
During the first half of 2021, the same purple light completed a new round of replenishments and continued to increase investment in research and development. Large-scale fpga research and development proceeded well, with small- and medium-scale fpga multi-products matured and delivered steadily, and in the areas of video image processing, industrial control and consumer markets.
Significant progress has been made. The company has initially completed the planning of a new generation of programmable technology innovation products, the platform chip sopc, the first generation sopc products are being developed, embedded processors, programmable modules, high-speed interfaces, and a variety of applications such as ip.
There are several sub-series branches of products, such as base, edge, cloud, etc., that provide highly competitive system-level solutions that optimize depth in specific areas, such as embedded terminals, margin computing, cloud computing acceleration, etc. The company is expected to develop new projects in the future.
It will also gradually enter the ranks of high-end fpga suppliers around the world. 5 Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendation 1) Special Integrated Circuits
The company’s special integrated circuit operation benefits from the advance of the development of defence information, downstream, the high demand in the military-industrial sector, the urgent nationalization of products, and the prospects for development. Industry technology, high barriers, long product research and development cycles, and companies’ long-term and stable cooperation with clients
In the short term, it is difficult for competitors to shake the company’s position as a leader in the country, and the company’s future revenues are expected to continue to grow at a high rate. To benefit from the company’s advanced technology and scale effects, the cost of product R & D and production
With better control, the Māori ratio of the future special integrated circuit operation will be maintained at a higher level and will boost the overall Māori rise of the company.
Corporate smart security chip operations include smart card security chips and terminal security chips, smart card security downstream bank cards, social security cards, etc. Demand for new and replacements are stable, end security chips benefit from the development of the network of things, the network of cars, the future.
The company's smart chip technology is advanced, and the 5g super Sim card chip has been developed and put into the market, as well as the Esim business and car code safety chip business, and is expected to continue to be industry leaders and grow faster in the future.
Smart chip business costs are higher and Maori rates are more stable, and we expect that chip suppliers, with advanced R & D technologies, will benefit fully from the domestic product of the product in question.
2. The growth of the specialized integrated circuit industry has not been as high as expected. The development of the specialized integrated circuit industry has been more affected by the demand for downstream military-industrial equipment than has been expected.
The volume of procurement of industrial equipment is highly correlated with national defence construction and, owing to the high degree of uncertainty surrounding the international situation and changes in national policies, there is a risk that the demand for downstream military and engineering equipment will not grow as much as it is expected.
The company's business is limited to integrated circuit design, which requires downstream crystal circle plants to be held accountable for the manufacture of integrated circuit chips.
A summary of company financial statement data projections The author of a portfolio investment advisory qualification or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, with a diligent professional attitude and independence and objectivity, is unable to deliver the product in a timely manner.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion contained in the present report, and the company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.