Computer equipment from "see" to "see", technology leaps to the world.
Events: The company recently released its 2016 report, which achieved a gross operating income of $31,924 million, an increase of 1.48 per cent over the same period in the previous year. Net cash flows from company operations in 2016 amounted to $6,214 million, an increase of 93.17 per cent over the same period.
Core view: The company is a global industry leader in the field of security surveillance, with a technology build-up over the years that has resulted in a whole range of product systems, such as the front end, transmission, storage, display control and integrated management platforms, with multi-layer security needs for a variety of clients, which are rare within the industry.
The security sector is a global industry, with a global client base and a global product choice, and therefore the total equity/flow (million shares) of companies.
The value for money and high-stable products have been recognized by global clients, and the market share has been steadily increasing in total market value/flow (millions of dollars), so the company has begun to build on the great success of the video surveillance industry.
Expanding to other areas of security, such as the door locking system. Meanwhile, clients are now satisfied not only with recording high-resolution videos, but also with the hope that they can be analysed in real time to respond to video messages in a timely manner, such as identifying suspects, identifying traffic, etc., and companies are doing video analysis.
Deep learning, vast years of research and development investment in artificial intelligence have shown great technological advantages, and we believe that the driving force behind the future growth of a company is the increase in the global expansion of its business, and that the scale effect has led to a huge high value-for-money competitiveness of its products.
2) Industry opportunities arising from deep excavation of video data, i.e., “Imagine” holds great opportunities. 3) The opportunities arising from innovative products, companies, with strong R&D power and marketing networks in the field of video surveillance, expand new lines of business, such as alert lines, from
Traditional security leads to security, visualization, and big data expansion. "Imagine" creates a huge market space: after years of development, video collection has evolved from "seeable" to "seeable" -- from traditional analogue tape systems.
And now clients want to be more visible, more understandable, and more efficient, with the rapid development and intelligence of technologies like cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, biometrics, etc.
Changes are also coming, and the analysis of big video data is becoming more and more valuable, with extensive applications in transport, public security, justice, finance, education, energy, and smart buildings. The company's research and development investment last year, amounting to $2.4 billion, is a leader in the industry, huge R & D and technological advances.
Support, allowing companies to take the lead in “seeing,” and the industry’s huge demand for the company’s leading edge, provides a solid foundation for the company’s future development. From “see, see, understand, and technology leapfrogs around the globe.
Innovative business, promising markets: the company's fluorescent platform has tens of millions of users, has developed more than a thousand flints 020 shops in more than 500 cities across the country, and has a significant pre-emptive and technological advantage in Internet video business; companies are carrying mobile robots.
In the case of auto electrons, the Haikang car technology extension, recorders, smart rear-view mirrors and vehicle-borne surveillance were created; and the layout was non-refrigerated infrared.
We believe that the company's deployment to new areas is expected to bring new business growth points.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.