On 4 May, Heiconway held an investor reception day with the company ' s chief executive, Hu Yang Trung and deputy general manager,
The Secretary of the Board of Directors, Huang Fanghong, gave a patient answer to the concerns of investors, and then organized a tour of the Hay Conway School of Intelligence and Security.
Heaconway is seen as a leading security industry enterprise with products covering all major equipment of the video surveillance equipment system, including front-end video capture equipment, back-end storage and centralized control, display, management and storage equipment, and is proposed for a holistic solution.
The company achieved business income of $31,925 million in 2016, an increase of 26.32 per cent over the same period; the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies were excellent. The company’s equity allocation programme was to send 5 shares per 10 shares of the red stock and 6 yuan in cash.
By the end of 2016, the company had accumulated applications.
2530 patents, 1,245 patents (286 inventions, 317 practical and 642 outward-looking patents) and 605 software copyrights. In 2016, companies invested 2,433 million yuan in research and development, representing 7.62 per cent of operating income, and companies kept 7-8 per cent of their annual R & D investment, contributing to the largest research and development effort in the industry.
At present, the company relies on core technology in the video field to expand its innovative business across the board, with successive launches of ai products, Internet video business, robotics and auto electronics, which form the basis for the company’s development in the next 5-10 years.
The company’s robotic business has the greatest potential to develop. New business, such as robotics, automobiles, etc., has generated $648 million, representing only 2.03% of the total.
Open Source Securities Inc. has a clear advantage in the area of video surveillance by the security industry leading companies.
Heaconway is the leading security industry enterprise, with products covering all major equipment of the video surveillance equipment system, including front-end video capture equipment, back-end storage and centralized control, display, management and storage equipment, and providing a whole-body solution. Heaconway is now the world’s largest security provider, with audio code decoding,
Central technologies such as video image processing, audio-visual data storage, and pre-observation technologies such as cloud computing, big data, in-depth learning, are targeted at a wide range of industries such as public security, transportation, justice, human rights, finance, energy, and smart architecture for specialized segmentation products, ivm smart visual management solutions, and big data services.
The company has achieved a great deal of success in overseas markets, and sales revenue has remained a global leader in the defense of the industry, 2016.
Overseas markets contributed 9.36 billion yuan, an increase of 40.62 per cent, or 29.32 per cent of the company ' s total operating income, which exceeded the domestic market. In 2016, companies acquired the British alarm company shl and its pyronix brand, supplemented the alarm product line, and acquired more marketing channels.
Three new subsidiaries have been established in Colombia, Turkey, three new offices in Thailand, Indonesia, and Dubai, and the number of overseas branches has increased to 28, further improving the overseas distribution network, continuing the localization of sales and technology support and services, and moving from the smb market to the project market.
At present, the company’s operations are integrated into three main sectors, namely, integrated security, visualization management and big data services.
By the end of 2016, the company had accumulated a total of 2,530 applications and had been patented 1,245 (of which 286 patents, 317 practical and new, and appearances).
Of particular concern is the company’s video decoding technology, which is one of the core long-term investments in Heiconway. In 2003, the company took the lead and succeeded in introducing H.264 to the video surveillance industry (over 10 years).
H.264 has become a standard for the industry. With the new generation of video coding standards (h.265) having the application conditions, Heiconway has introduced a self-developed smart 265-coded technology that is fully compatible with H.265, which is at least 30 per cent lower than H.265, or 70 per cent lower than H.264, under the same image quality conditions.
The amount of data. The cost of transmission and storage has been significantly reduced, making the company’s products and solutions more competitive, and laying a solid foundation for the widespread application of high-level and ultra-clear equipment, the advent of the age of video big data.
In 2006, the development of corporate smart analysis technologies was launched, in 2013 the technology layout for in-depth learning began, and in 2014 the Hyconway Institute was officially established, focusing on perception, intelligence analysis, cloud storage, cloud computing, and video big data research.
In 2016, the world was the first to be measured by the motchallenge 4 multi-target tracking technology, the Kitti 5 vehicle test and the head orientation assessment algorithm, the Pascalvoc 6 target test, the imagenet 7 scenario, and the world was evaluated first in March 2017.
"Webandemailborn-diigital images", "focusedscenetext" and "incidentalscenetext" challenges of the icdar8bustread competition significantly outpaced the domestic task of text identification.
Currently, the company relies on core technology in the video field to expand its innovative business across the board, with the successive introduction of ai products, interconnected video business, robotics business, and auto electronics.
Innovatively introduce a series of products that meet the diverse needs of MSMEs, households and individuals, and actively promote an open platform based on the fluorescent cloud business to provide a stable and continuous comprehensive video-type service to external partners, addressing a variety of integrated video-based applications. At the end of 2016, the fluorescent cloud platform had tens of thousands of users nationwide.
More than 500 cities have developed more than a thousand fluorescent-020 shops, and the market works well. In robotics, companies use mobile robots as vehicles.
In the case of automobile electronics, in mid-2016, the company established the Haikang Automobile Technology and showed the market for the first time at the Beijing security fair in October. The products include car recorders, smart rear-view mirrors, vehicle-mounted surveillance cameras and related accessories.
Although new products and operations are still in the process of being imported, in 2016 new operations such as robotics, automobiles and electronics received $648 million, or only 2.03 per cent of the total. However, the growth in related operations is encouraging, and the company launched industrial robotic products in 2016 include moving robots, logistics sorting robots and parking machines.
The Elephant moving robots are already in operation at the Heiconway Production Base, which is described as having 700 moving robots, from warehouses to semi-finished stores, to assembly lines, to finished stores, and the entire process using robotics. The company has planned eight moving robots with loads ranging from 5 kg to 5 kg.
3000 kg, which can be used not only to create new intelligent production lines, but also to make smart changes in old production lines and material banks, and which are already custom-made for some customers. Given that industrial intelligence has entered a period of rapid development with the support of the Industrial 4.0 program, the industrial machine has become the world's largest industrial robot market since 2013.
The human penetration rate rose rapidly, with the national sale of industrial robots exceeding 57,000 in 2014, an increase of 54 per cent; sales increased to 68,000 in 2015; robots installed up to 85,000 in 2016, more than 30 per cent of the world ' s new industrial robots, and our industrial robot sales are expected to reach 102,000 in 2017.
With regard to logistics sorting robots, with the rapid growth of our power suppliers in recent years, the demand for related couriers has increased significantly, with the delivery of 31.3 billion parcels in 2016, the delivery industry has encountered human bottlenecks, and the logistics sorting robots will greatly improve fast delivery efficiency, reduce human costs and automate fast industries.
New businesses such as humans, automobiles, electronics, etc. have achieved revenues of $648 million, or 2.03% of the total. However, the public sector has a clear advantage in the field of security, in the context of the numerous international terrorist attacks and the serious security situation.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, either directly or indirectly, any form of advice or opinion as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, using as a criterion the increase or decrease in the benchmark market index for securities over the six months following the reporting date, defined as follows:
(overweight): Industry goes beyond overall market performance; (underweight): industry is weaker than overall market performance.