Le Wu Portfolio (002415) Sea Convey: Corporate development stable, new business ongoing
The result is an increase of 26.32 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of $7.422 billion, an increase of 26.46 per cent over the same period.
The company released its first quarter report in 2017, which showed that it achieved operating income of $7.044 billion, or 35.46 per cent, and net profit of $1,481 million, or 29.49 per cent, respectively.
26.32 per cent; net profit of $7,422 million, an increase of 26.46 per cent over the same period. Companies, leading domestic video-monitoring companies, have been able to achieve steady growth in their performance due to favourable factors such as the continued warming of the industry as domestic government projects.
The company ' s Māori rate was 41.58 per cent in the previous year, a 1.5 percentage point increase over the same year. On the net interest rate side, the company ' s main business video monitoring front end and back end products have maintained a steady growth of 19 per cent, the centre ' s control products have grown significantly, on the revenue side.
At the same time, the company's business start-up benefited from the company's strong growth in the fluorescent network, the seacombs, the seacombs, the seacombs, and the technology of the oceancombs.
In terms of capital spending, as a technology-winner, the company invested 24.33 per cent of its R & D investment in 2016.
Billion dollars, 7.62% of corporate sales, while more than 9,000 company R & D personnel continue to make the largest R & D investment in the industry. We recognize market data (19 April 2017)
The development of stability for the company's main business has led to an increase in research and development efforts to address a number of core technologies, and the emergence of new business has gradually begun to yield results, and the future will depend on its technological leadership in building the Haikangwei visual defence map.
The video surveillance industry is warming up, new business is expanding, the government needs in the areas of transport, public security, etc. are constantly rising, basic data (2016).
In addition to this, the company is still working on machine vision, civilian surveillance equipment, logistics agv, drones, and big data/
There is a steady improvement in performance in areas such as cloud services, and corporate sub-operations: 1) Traditional video surveillance: the number of land-based projects that have been affected by the central anti-corruption campaign in the previous two years has decreased significantly, but since 2016, the number of land-based projects has declined.
In addition to the obvious intellectual need for the project, such as the Shenzhen government’s need for traffic cameras to determine whether back row passengers are wearing seat belts, there has been a significant increase in the need for smart cameras. In 2016, companies continued to launch their i-products.
A series of products such as the Deep Eyes camera, the Super Brain nvr, the Facebook analysis service, etc. are initially marketed. 2) Firestone Cloud System: Internet cameras monitor the active layout of a major development trend company as a video for the future.
The product series is now growing rapidly, and the fluorescent cloud is registered for 30 million. The company uses the power-market platform to promote the fluorescent series, which contains a variety of product lines, such as household surveillance, fly-stone movement, etc.
On the cloud side, smart networking applications for webcams can be achieved, and other partners in the company can rent fluorescent cloud operations to expand other services. 3) Robot business: core technologies based on mature applications of the “advanced” have been developed to carry robots, smart sorting robots and smart parking robots (i.e. agv), which are currently being developed by the company.
A warehouse management system based on a two-dimensional ground-based location, which directly aligns the site to a two-dimensional location on the ground in the original plant area, allows the plant area to use a set of smart agv warehouse logistics management systems with minimal upgrades, with lower threshold costs and a capacity to spread widely in the future.
Among them, smart parking robots became the world ' s first ever case of real-time robotic smart parking applications at the third World Internet Congress, in November 2016. In addition, seacom robots have a certain market effect in their specialized products and solutions in the field of machine vision and industrial drones. 4) Industrial cameras: company products have been introduced into well-known consumer electronic substitutes.
Clients, in the light of the trend towards intelligent industry, industrial cameras will become increasingly popular in the future, downstream industrial chains will become increasingly demanding for product consistency and accuracy, companies will continue to benefit from high-precision industrial camera projects, and corporate industrial business will grow steadily and will enjoy hundreds of billions of market boosts.
With the deployment and long-term development considerations, the company’s deployment of non-refrigerated infrared sensors (Hyconan Microfilm Technology Ltd.) and solid-state hard disk storage technologies as innovative business, it is expected that strategic control points will be established in new areas to create a new growth engine for the company.
The construction base, the development of the Haikang robotics business of its subsidiary, the company has gradually imported the storage management system, developed autonomously by the Haikang robot, and more than 600 “gazette” smart robots, fully automating storage and in-house logistics, increasing the efficiency of storage operations by 60%. In addition, the base has continued to promote the project of automating production lines, targeting production from components to whole machines.
Importing automated production lines, upgrading the quality and efficiency of products, building the capacity of industry’s leading manufacturing and flexible customizations, ensuring that products are delivered on time and meeting business development needs.
High-tech barriers create a real smart surveillance system, and companies are now really doing smart video surveillance in the country. The company's cameras rely on British Welda's intelligence.
The gpu chip for machine learning, which has now achieved intelligent image analysis on multiple company product lines, is intelligent at the front end of the camera and much less expensive to upgrade. Machine learning takes a lot of sample and time, and the company relies on its huge market occupancy rate for back-end image information to be used for machine learning after it has been agnosticised, and other manufacturers are constrained to catch up.
The company, as a witness and promoter of video surveillance digitization, networking, elucidation, intelligence, and for the coming age of artificial intelligence, focuses on structured video processing and big data technology.
The company has now completed full product coverage, and has evolved from simple equipment manufacturers to multi-environmental, fully-equipped video surveillance solutions, with a further increase in product depth. In addition to video surveillance, the company is also in a video-centric machine visual intelligence manufacturing, object networking/data operation suit.
Deep-farming, the products now include agv robots, drones, smart cars, parking robots, cars adas, etc. We believe that the value of Heconway’s vision is no longer limited to traditional security surveillance, but rather to a combination of software and hardware solutions, scarcity and extension of platform power.
In the short term, we look forward to the continuation of steady development in the context of government projects, the warmth and intelligent transformation of machines, and, in the long term, to the gradual expansion of many of the new businesses that are based on technology. In addition, the company continues to deepen its transformationary efforts, striving to become a global integrated programme solver, and to create a seacomb defense map. We expect the years 2017-2019 ps.
The video surveillance industry has not developed as expected.