Sun Mon-hoon, security against steady growth, innovative business, foreign market performance, Zhang Li-hoon.
Security is the core business of the company and its traditional main business, which has for many years grown in important sectors such as public security, finance, transport, etc., and has firmly occupied the vanguard of security. The main drivers of corporate performance are industry growth and technological expansion.
On the other hand, as security issues gain prominence, demand has steadily increased, while companies have made further breakthroughs in cloud computing, big data, artificial intelligence, biometrics, etc., providing strong support for companies to upgrade and upgrade their products. The overall Māori ratio in 2016 was 41.58%.
This represents an increase of 1.48% over the same period in the previous year, with increasing profitability. Companies maintain high investment in R & D, with R & D investment of 2,433 million yuan in 2016, representing 7.62% of sales; and R & D, with 9,366 personnel, representing up to 46.8%, continue to have the largest R & D investment in the industry.
The company develops visual management operations based on security, combining user security needs with management needs and exploring solutions.
In comparison with the progress of the benchmark index in the last year, the city of Soho is in the business areas of visualization management, visualization of agricultural products, regulation of visualization of construction, integrated hotel visualization management, financial visualization, etc. For the first time, companies are single.
Unique disclosure of innovative business performance, including Internet video (civil security), robotics, auto electrics, the bulk of which generated $648 million in 2016, representing an increase of 191.83 per cent in comparison with the general battalion and the official establishment in 2014 of the Sea Conway Institute, focusing on perception, intelligence analysis, cloud storage, clouds
Computation and video big data research. We believe that the technology and experience accumulated by companies in the field of security can be applied to innovative business, and that the corporate ai+circle is emerging.
The international situation has been more volatile over the past year, with companies continuing to grow at a high level of overseas operations, with companies acquiring the British alarm company Shl in 2016, further replenishing the alert business product line, while establishing new subsidiaries, offices, etc. in countries such as Turkey, and further refining the offshore distribution network.
In the judgment of the future international situation and corporate strategy, we believe that corporate overseas business captures will continue to grow at a high rate compared to the future performance of the corporate champions, while at the same time being extremely forward-looking in terms of innovation and overseas operations, which we judge to make a significant contribution to the performance of the public sector. For the first time, they are covered, with a “buy-in” rating given to the company.
Figure 5: Corporate R & D costs [Hai Conway (002415) company stocktaking report]