HALCONVIEW (002415) Consolidation of the leader and adherence to transformational development - Annual Review 2016
At the same time, the company published the full quarterly report, resulting in a net return profit of $1.48 billion, an increase of 29.5 per cent over the same period the previous year. > Anti-industry leaders.
Heaconway is the largest security firm in the world, and is a digital, networked, intelligent witness, implementer, and key promoter of video surveillance. In 2016, Heaconway received a reputation, a pamphlet, Moody’s international credit rating, with a rating score of a-, a-, and a3, with a stable rating outlook and a leading position among global firms.
For overseas markets, the company acquired the British alarm company Shl and its pyronix brand, supplemented the alarm business product lines, and acquired more marketing channels. The company established three new subsidiaries in Kazakhstan, Colombia, Turkey, three new offices in Thailand, Indonesia, and Dubai, and increased the number of overseas branches to 28, further improving overseas sales.
In 2016, the company’s sales revenue in overseas markets continued to be a global security leader, but subject to the economy.
The rate of growth has slowed in some regions. Focusing on innovation in research and development has led to an overall increase in the Māori ratio \triangleright
In 2016, the company invested 2,433 million yuan in research and development, representing 7.62% of its sales. The company developed 907 pieces (435 patents, 139 patents for practical applications, 333 patents for appearances), added software 286 patents, 317 patents for practical applications and 642 patents for appearances) and has 605 copyrights for software.
In 2016, the company continued to launch the ai product, launching a series of products such as the Deep Eyes camera, the Super Brain nvr, the Facebook analysis server, etc., which initially created market coverage. The company continued to make new products, continuing to produce high-end products such as starlight +, black light, eagle eye. These are advanced products that break homogenization competition, no.
The company’s overall Māori ratio in 2016 was equity incentives, driving talent-building. The company actively promoted the implementation of incentives for diversification and maintained the stability of its core talent.
In 2014, 2016, three limited equity incentive schemes were implemented, awarded to nearly 5,000 people, covering the core cadre of managers and business cadres from the top, middle to the bottom, with business cadres as the main source of motivation. It helps stabilize business talent and lays the foundation for rapid business development.
1. The three-quarterly review of Heiconway (002415) reports: III. Profit forecasting and investment proposals
2. The semi-annual assessment of Heiconway (002415) is: (i) the continued growth of overseas operations and the consolidation of global industries 1) the risk of market competition; (ii) policy risks; (iii) the lack of strategic development as expected; and (iv) the failure of research and development for new products.
Annual Report Review, High Conway (002415) _ Visualization taps, active layout of smart manufacturing Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements
JUNG Ping, head of the tmt group. Ph.D. in Management, China People’s University, director of ba, Business School, China Petroleum University; has nearly 10 years of research experience in the field of tmt, and in 2016 joined the NLD securities. Hu Xing, engineer, doctor, is directed mainly to computer hardware and software systems, using the Teennet and fibre optics.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and not being influenced by any third party.