Haiconway (002415) Computers performed robustly, innovative business dynamic, ai+results-led industry South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
During the first quarter of the year, revenues were 7.04 billion yuan, a 35.5 per cent increase in the same year, operating profits were 1.45 billion yuan, a 36.6 per cent increase in the same year, and net returns to mothers were 1.48 billion yuan, a 29.5 per cent increase in the same year. Corporate performance continued to grow steadily, performance increased, performance improved and business quality improved: income from pre- and back-end products of the company maintained robust growth, a year-on-year increase.
The rate of increase was about 19.3 per cent and the rate of increase was lower than the rate of the same year, but it was still better than that of the industry; the central control of product revenues increased at a high rate of 48.1 per cent over the same period, companies restructured their product structure, construction-type products fell, and innovation became more dynamic, with 191.8 per cent over the same period, and firms competed in a heated industry, pushing ahead with new high-end products.
Initiatives such as upgrading the marketing network and adapting the appraisal system to improve the quality of company operations, increasing the overall Māori ratio of companies by 1.48 percentage points, increasing the Māori rate of innovative business by 14.5 percentage points to 39.1 per cent, and sustaining high growth in the performance of innovative business operations during the reporting period, including fluorescent stones, robots and cars.
The scale and quality of revenue from innovative business, including e-business, have increased rapidly, indicating that new business is starting rapidly and is expected to become a new driver of higher corporate performance in the future. Market expansion has been significant for the 2c market, and by the end of 2016, the Yingshien platform had tens of millions of users, W.
In the field of robotics, the company has introduced smart porters, smart sorting and smart parking robots, as well as products and solutions related to robotic visual and industrial drones, and in the area of auto electronics, the company has established the Haikang car technology and introduced the CarLog.
Records, smart rear-view mirrors, vehicle-mounted surveillance cameras, etc.: non-refrigerated infrared sensors and solid-state hard disk storage technology as key technology in the company’s business chain, and companies planning to deploy related innovations.
In 2016, the company continued to roll out the ai product, releasing “sight” cameras, “super-brain” nvr, and “facebooks.”
Face-to-face analysis of products such as servers, initial market coverage, and industry pre-emption. Profit predictions and investment proposals: a slight improvement in profitability alerts, taking into account company competitiveness and the continuing improvement in the quality of business, and the continued consolidation of global security champions
Given that the company is the leader of the video security industry, it is given the benefit of a smooth growth in domestic market demand, the expansion of foreign markets and the start of new business in 2017.
The combined annual rate of sales is 50%, the annual rate of sales of engineering works is 9%, the volume of sales of innovative products is doubled each year, and the volume of other products is growing at a steady rate. While the market is highly competitive, the company actively controls the quality of its operations, taking into account the inclusion of profits in its performance indicators, and assumes that the product will be sold more than once.
The Māori rate is largely stable. Assuming that the Māori rate for audio-visual products up to 2017-2019 is maintained at 48%, and for back-end video products at 22%, and for other products, the Māori rate is gradually raised at $2.49, corresponding to 21 times, 17 times and 13 times, respectively, taking into account that the company is the leader in the video security industry.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.