On May 23/24, we hosted the Head of the High Contracting Assembly in Hong Kong in 2017, the highlights of which are set out below.
Thirty% of domestic market revenues come from government clients, 40% from large enterprises, and 30% from small and medium-sized enterprises/distribution channels. Government sector operations have grown relatively fast since the recovery of government spending in the second half of 2016; on the other hand, the growth of financial clients has been relatively weak and subject to shocks from Internet companies.
(2) Competition: Management has indicated that competition in the domestic market is now less competitive than in overseas markets, contrary to the previous one. Given that the Māori rate in the domestic market is 39%, Heiconway sees no need for price wars to crowd out small businesses. In overseas cities, Heiconway sees products at 10-20% lower prices than transnational corporations such as axis/allegion.
At a critical time when the market share is being seized, prices may therefore be made with those oem enterprises that follow a low price route (3) Overseas expansion: Heconway seeks to penetrate overseas markets further through a localization strategy (i.e. local marketing teams are linked to system integrators). Companies already occupy the first market share of overseas distribution channels.
Heconway’s management is confident that revenue will grow by more than 20% a year over the next 2-3 years, and is happy about the company’s long-term growth. However, given the uncertainty in the markets, both at home and abroad, management finds it difficult to expect a growth rate over the next five years.
Industry integration also offers growth opportunities for leading businesses like Haikang. On the other hand, the increasing use of surveillance cameras in areas other than security contributes to expanding industry market regulations Management has stated that competition in domestic markets is now less competitive than in overseas markets.
In the domestic market, the market share of overseas enterprises has become insignificant over the past few years. Given the overall Māori rate of 39%, Heiconway has suggested that it is no longer necessary to fight for prices to crowd out small businesses.
In 2016, the company adjusted its strategy to focus more on the profitability of the project, and the company’s profitability has gradually improved since then. In overseas markets, Heconway indicated that the price of its products was 10-20% lower than that of major overseas competitors, such as axis and allegion.
The layer recognizes that prices are only one aspect of competition for overseas firms, unlike domestic markets. Companies also recognize that oems pose a threat that they tend to fight price wars at the expense of profitability.
In overseas markets, Heconway is moving from first-tier distributors to second-tier distributors. Companies also recruit local salesmen and engineers to penetrate solution markets, which are expected to drive future growth.
In terms of geographical expansion, the US and European markets now account for half of Heconway’s overseas revenues. Companies have made breakthroughs in a number of large projects in Singapore and India.
Government business has experienced relatively rapid growth, thanks to a recovery in government spending; on the other hand, the financial sector’s customer business has experienced relatively weak growth as a result of the shocks of Internet companies. The Māori rate for all settlement operations is largely similar, while project-based solution products are independent products sold through distribution channels.
In the innovation business, car electronics and Heconway's b2c brand are both less profitable, while robotics are relatively more profitable. This year, they are expected to achieve a balance of gains and losses, and management is optimistic about the future of smart households, and the camera is smart.
They are sold mainly through electric platforms such as treasures, Skycats, and Kyouta. They attract less fluid than the third-party platform.
In the aas system, cameras are an important optical detector. In innovation, Heconway works mainly with partners (system integrators) rather than directly with manufacturers to expand the rules quickly.
The management said that the camera can capture the police blacklist every day and that the camera can also help detect defects in the production process. For example, when you install the component on pcb, the traditional method of detection is worker aid.
The magnifying mirrors are manually examined because ordinary industrial cameras are unable to perform such detailed tests. Yet, by embedding the ai algorithm into traditional industrial cameras, machines can learn to test precise defects.
So, unless there is a major change in the macro-environment, management believes that the company should maintain the current rate of about 50%. I, Hoshing, hereby state that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views on the company or its securities. Moreover, no part of my salary has been, has not been, will not be, and will not be directly or indirectly related to, the specific recommendations or views in this report.
The summary of investments evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the main indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, returns, valuation multipliers and volatility. Growth, returns and valuation multipliers are all calculated using several methods combined to determine the percentage ranking of the unit within the industry in the region. The exact calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows:
Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, and income. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are based on the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, net market rates. Volatility is calculated on the basis of 12 months of historical volatility and adjusted for dividends.
Quantum quantum is a highly specialized database providing the history, projections and ratios of specific financial statement data, which can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison between firms in different industries and markets.
Our selection of leading firms is based on a quantitative analysis of cash returns, industry status, and management levels (effectiveness of corporate governance in managing the environmental, social, and corporate governance aspects facing the industry).
Xueixing: a share of telecommunications and technology, and a share of telecommunications and technology in China.a A share of telecommunications and technology in China.a A share of telecommunications and technology: quick communication, China connection (a), China association (h), China connection (ads), Huayong half-conductor, WFSP, Psychic technology, China communication (a).
Jae, Nakakry International, Middle Harbour International (adr), Sun Woo Optics, Station Power, Station Power (adr), Union Power, Union Power (adr), Central Hing Communications (h). Statutory disclosures relating to companies did not disclose specific information on the following companies: Heiconway (rmb26.50)
Corporate ratings, research industries, and ratings and related definitions. Any stock that does not receive a purchase or sale rating and has an active rating (i.e. shares that are not suspended, not rated, suspended or unresearched) is considered to be a neutral rating. The distribution of ratings may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee.
Suspended rating (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. Suspended research (cs): We have suspended research on the company. No research (nc): we did not study the company. No or no (na): this information does not exist or is not applicable. No (nm): this information is meaningless and therefore not included in the report.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.