A deep report on herbing shares (002714), low-cost management of pig-breeding backlash to improve company performance, September 26, 2018.
The company was formerly a limited department of breeding in the interior of the country.
The company (i.e. the “stock company”) changed its name to Pastoral Food Co. Ltd. (i., the company) in 2010 and its headquarters is located in Namyang, Henan Province. The company insists on a large-scale integrated farming model, which, after more than 20 years of development, has resulted in research, feed processing, pig breeding, pig breeding and pig farming.
In 2017, the company set up fully-owned subsidiaries of farms in 13 provinces of the country. Farming is still the company’s main business. 723.74 pigs were sold throughout 2017.
The prices are expected to reverse next year. It is not likely that prices will continue to fall significantly this year.
The prices of pigs have reached the bottom of the cycle, and the prices of pigs as a whole are collapsing at the bottom of the cycle. In the short term, look, the prices of pigs are now rebounding seasonally. The epidemic has led to a short-term surge in the number of piglets and a seasonal drop in consumption after the season.
In the long run, the stock of pig-rich pigs is declining in combination with the index of pig-born-msy and pig-born-out, and by the same time in 2019, the country will be able to produce pigs less than the bottom of the 2014 pig cycle.
Good cost control solves the integration of heavy asset achievement. The company solves by good cost control.
The cost control of the company is demonstrated in two ways. On the one hand, the company addresses reliance on single raw materials, selects the best options and establishes subsidiaries by developing a new December maximum price ($) feed formula.
In December, the lowest price (in dollars) was reduced transport costs in food-producing areas. On the other hand, companies are developing fully automated farms to improve the productivity and economic efficiency of farm workers.
Good internal management supports rapid expansion. The number of company-farming subsidiaries expanded from 39 in 2016 to 80 in 2017, relying on strict control over product quality and good internal management.
Moreover, the current stock of company personnel is sufficient to support the expansion of the company. At the same time, the company has implemented three employee-holding schemes that bind its interests to its staff development, stimulate the dynamism of its core cadres, and stimulate its potential for development.
In terms of performance, the company is expected to perform in the second half of the year.
In 2009, herbivar farming was created by law as the Henan Province Livestock Company (the Henan Province Food Company) and in 2010 was renamed the Pastoral Food Company (the company) with its headquarters in Namyang City, Henan Province. The company maintains a large-scale integrated farming model, which has evolved over 20 years.
The company is now the country's largest pig-breeding and pig-breeding enterprise. In 2017, the company set up a fully-funded farm-breeding subsidiary in 13 provinces of the country.
Project certificates, the National Technical System of Modern Agro-Industrials, the Integrated Plantation of Pigs, the National Reserve of Live Pigs, the National Native Pig Farm, the National Youth Civilization Unit, and the National Pigs Experiment, which grew by 132.42 per cent in comparison with the previous year, kept the stock of pig sales growing at a high rate.
The decline in the growth rate of raw pig products is mainly due to the still oversupply of 2.1 pork, which is affected by the balance of supply and demand. For a long time, demand for Chinese pork has remained relatively stable, and therefore prices have fallen.
The production of pork is influenced by changes in both the number of pig-borns and the number of pig-borns. The number of pig-borns has increased. On the market side, the price of pig-borns has risen steadily between May 2014 and June 2016, and the farmers have rapidly increased their production capacity in this environment. And in recent years, as a result of the widespread use and maintenance of pig-bearing vaccines,
In addition, the State has issued a number of policy and regulatory documents to combat environmental pollution and to legally close off the restricted areas. In this case, a large number of inefficient, environmentally unsound farmers have stepped out of the pig market as soon as possible.
There has been an increase in the number of live pigs. The number of live pigs has risen again. The weight of current pork pigs has also increased from 108.64 kg/head to 111.06 kg/head (70% of meat) and the number of live pigs from some big companies can be as high as 120 kg/head.
In summary, firstly, during the period of the increase in prices for pigs, the farmers quickly replenished and expanded their production capacity, and their productivity increased, with the number of fattening pigs per head increasing: as a result of the government's high-pressure environmental policy, some of the scattered households began to show up and the number of pigs increased. Second, the increase in farming techniques led to an increase in the body weight of the pig.
One of the reasons for this is the oversupply of pork production, which causes the prices of pigs to continue to fall. 2.2 The assumption that the prices of pigs are back to the bottom is now back, and the prices of pigs are expected to reverse next year. From the beginning of this year, due to the short-term backlog of pig production.
This has caused a short-term oversupply of the pig market and a steep fall in the price of the pig, which has led to a loss in the whole industry. However, given the market’s stage cleanness and the fact that some farmers are starting to phase out the production of the backward female pig, it is not likely that the price will continue to fall this year, and that the price of the pig is already at the bottom of the cycle.
Since August this year, there have been several outbreaks of swine fever in China. As a result of rapid preventive measures by governments, businesses, and farmers, the disease has been killed in time.
Pigs, the suspension of the outpourings, and the slowing down or stopping the outings of businesses and farmers have effectively controlled the risk of the spread of the disease. The embargo has led to an increase in the supply of the main outlet in the affected areas, a brief fall in the price of pigs, a tight supply of the main outlet, and a marked increase in the price of pork.
The epidemic has led to a short-term surge in the number of live pigs and a seasonal drop in post-event consumption, which could cause prices to fall rapidly after the national day. The epidemic is preventing the current pig-crowding, which will affect the birth of pigs at the end of the year, and a wave of rising prices at the end of the year.
In the long term, the stock of capable hogs has been declining. By April 2018, the stock of capable hogs had dropped to 3,369 million, calculated in conjunction with the indicators of the birth of pigmsy and the birth of pig. By the same time in 2019, the country ' s capacity for pig production would be lower than the bottom of the 2014 pig cycle, and the supply of piglets would be in a tight balance, with prices expected to be found in 2019.
Figure 5: Capable of keeping a pig, Figure 6: Living pig stock change rate 3. Excellent cost control to address integration of heavy asset achievement
The company is a heavy asset company. The company has maintained an integrated production model for many years, and has invested enormous human and financial resources to form a well-developed chain of pig industry. The most obvious feature of the model of integration is that the company is easy to create heavy assets. Over the last five years, the company ' s fixed assets and construction in progress have been growing at a high rate. In 2017, the industry was working on construction.
However, in 2017, the company ' s fixed assets and construction-in-progress amounted to $12.95 billion, an increase of 64.54 per cent over the same period, an increase of 20 percentage points over the industry. Over the last five years, the company ' s fixed assets and construction-in-progress together amounted to an average of 52.21 per cent of the total assets, compared with 33.70 per cent in the pig industry, a difference of 18.51 per cent.
A percentage point. Compared to the level of industry, herding shares are real and heavy asset companies. Heavy assets tend to be subject to high depreciation and are relatively dependent on money. Without adequate financial support, companies are difficult to develop and may even collapse due to higher costs, especially at the lower stages of the current hog cycle.
Not only did the company fail, but it maintained a high rate of growth, which was due to the good cost-control capabilities of the Department. In general, the cost of raising pigs consisted of six major items: raw materials (forage costs), decay, employee remuneration, medicines and vaccines, and other costs (including three costs).
Pig costs are $12.62/kg, which is 0.94/kg less than the cost of raising pigs on the scale of the industry, and the company ' s cost of raising pigs has been steadily decreasing each year, with an average annual decline of 6.74%. In 2017, the company ' s cost of raising pigs was $9.82/kg, which can be said to be at the lowest level in the industry.
3.3 Flexible mix with choice of materials to reduce the cost of raw materials Flexible mix of feed. Always, “corn + soybean” has been the method used by most pig-breeding companies to match feed. In the past, about 25%. Because feed costs more than half of the pig-breeding cost, the price of corn and soybeans rises and the farmers grow.
The profits are compressed. The rise in raw materials can lead to a decline in farm profits or even a loss of profits once the pig cycle falls. The company developed a small wheat + soy formula based on its “corn + soybean” model, in combination with its geographical advantages. Wheat is one of China’s main grains.
Sugar, with 75.2 g of starch per 100 g wheat, can be said to provide sufficient energy. The use of wheat as one of the recipes for feed is not just the desire to replace corn with wheat, but also, to a certain extent, beans and platinum. For every 100 g wheat, there are 11.9 g proteins, although their protein content is only one quarter of that of soybean.
China is a major agricultural country, but it is not a major producer of soybeans. China produces soybeans every year. In 2017, China produced only 153 million tons of soybeans, which were used mainly to meet the country’s domestic consumption needs, but the market for Chinese livestock is huge, and the demand for soybeans for Chinese animal feed is soybean.
The country needs 956 million tons of soybeans to be imported from abroad every year. In China, where soy and soybean are scarce, the use of wheat as alternatives can reduce dependence on corn and soybean. When prices change, self-regulation can still reduce production costs.
Feeding formulations, by providing a scientific diet for pigs, not only stimulates the growth potential of pigs, increases the quality of strong groups of pigs, on the other hand, reduces the meat ratio, increases the feed rate, reduces the cost of feed.
In 2016, Henan produced 1.75 million tons of maize and ranked sixth in the country: 347.0 million tons of wheat and first in the country: 566,000 soybeans.
According to the Henan Province Development Plan for the Modern Livestock Industry in Henan Province, published by the Government in 2010, “the production capacity of the province as a whole reached 6.5 million tons in 2020, of which 284 million were maize and 338 million were wheat. The company is located in Namyang County, Henan Province. In 2016, Namyang City produced 1.8 million tons of maize, located in the province.
A good geographical location guarantees the production of feed by companies and lowers the cost of transporting it. A fully-financed subsidiary, located in 13 maize and wheat-producing provinces of the country, includes Shizu, Oka, Su, Yu, Bao, and Yao.
According to the National Plan for the Development of Pigs (2016-2020), there is a surplus of more than 40 million tons of maize per year in the north-east, with a sufficient supply of good-quality raw materials, coupled with the vastness of the north-east and the high carrying capacity of the land, suitable for large-scale intensive farming projects.
In response to policy demands, the company has increased its investment in the north-east, and in 2017 the company’s wholly-owned subsidiaries in the north-east grew from 8 to 33. The company’s early deployment not only provided sufficient security for the company’s feed raw materials, but also reduced the cost of transporting raw materials, making public goods available.
The Department has some advantages in the cost of purchasing raw materials. 3.4 Lower labour costs.
A healthy growth environment, with the company ' s own automated feeding system, greatly improves productivity and reduces the cost of labour during production. During the fertility phase, a company breeder can raise 2,700-3,600 piglets at the same time (the root, according to the pighouse conditions), fattening in four months and three batches a year, so that a breeder can raise 8,000 to 10,000 pigs a year.
In terms of efficiency, the cost of producing a kilogram of pork from herding shares is $0.63 and the cost of labour is lower in the industry. The company’s research and development of pighouses not only achieves the objective of reducing the number of workers and improving the efficiency of the labour force, but also improves the company’s economic efficiency.
4. Better management capacity supports the rapid expansion of companies from four holding companies to 84 subsidiaries in 2017, with an increase in the number of employees from 3,552 in 2013 to 2,7003. While excellent cost controls can help companies expand, only cost controls are available.
Not enough, better management capacity is the guarantee of quality expansion, so that companies can develop steadily. Excellent management capacity is two-fold: product quality management and internal management. 4.1 pork product management
On the one hand, the company has established a well-functioning, integrated disease control system. The company has adopted a wide range of disease prevention and control measures, such as multi-level isolation of pigs farms, small-scale indoor environmental control, and has established an early warning system for external and internal warning.
In the farming process, bio-safety measures such as “early segregation of weaning”, “separate feeding”, “one-to-one” and “all-out” are applied to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the company's preventive system.
The strict control of the disease ensures the overall health of the pigs, cutting off the use of the diseased pork. On the other hand, the company has established strict quality standards and quality tests, control procedures for the purchase of feed materials, the processing of feed production, and the transportation of feed to ensure that the quality of the feed meets national standards and meets the company’s requirements for pigs, pigs, and pigs.
In the production process, companies automate the production of feed and feed raw pigs and reduce the food safety problems associated with human contact in the production process. High technology guarantees pork and meat.
Check the fat content of the pig's muscle (indicators that determine the flavour of meat) and the area of the eye muscle (primarily used to determine the leanness of meat). Through these indicators, companies can understand the current population's meat production and choose the dominant population for breeding, so that the company's products are of better quality overall.
With good product safety and quality management, the company ' s commodity pig products are popular in the market, the sales of the company ' s commodity pig have been growing at a high rate, and the operating income of the pig business can be managed internally by 4.2 personnel in the event of a huge drop in the pig price in 2017.
The pool of talent is sufficient to cope with rapid expansion. A self-sustaining and integrated business model means that companies need a large number of employees to produce and control themselves in the whole chain. The company’s reserves focus on talent, not only in quantity but also in quality. In 2017, the number of company producers increased by 73.10% from the same time.
In terms of quality, companies have been increasing the recruitment of highly qualified personnel in recent years. In 2017, the number of graduates (including masters and doctorates) in their undergraduate studies reached 4822, representing an increase of 99.81%.
It can also provide innovative thinking and technology to improve the efficiency of company production and management. In order to integrate new employees quickly into the herd, the company has implemented a teacher-teaching band system to speed up the building of a skilled production management team with a good talent ladder.
The company has implemented three employee holding measures. The company has now completed three employee holding plans involving directors, supervisors, and people, with executive participation totalling up to 160 million yuan. The total number of employees holding the three employee holding plans (non-supervisors) is not more than 5,919, covering more than 20%, and the total amount of the subscriptions is $1.83 billion.
Close to $2 billion, or 9.66% of the total share capital. The implementation of the Stakeholder Scheme can bind the interests of the employee and the company, stimulating motivation for the work of core business personnel and managerial motivation of middle-level managers, helping to improve the overall efficiency of the movement and improve the company’s ability to operate.
In the first half of 2018, although the number of pigs born increased by 60.74 per cent and the amount sold by the company was 4.74 million, the company sold it because the company sold it.
The price of pig sales fell by 26.02 per cent on a year-on-year basis (24.89 per cent on a year-on-year basis) and the price of raw materials was higher. The fall in net interest rates on company sales was due to two factors: (1) the fall in pig prices and the fall in profits, which reduced the Māori rate. (2) The score points, however, were still lower than the industry by 0.57 percentage points.
This represents an increase of 2.79 percentage points. Of this increase, the administrative cost rate is 1.55 percentage points, mainly due to the increase in the cost of pig insurance, the increase in the total remuneration of employees, and the financial cost rate is 1.19 percentage points, and the sales cost rate is 0.05 percentage points, due mainly to the increase in the balance of interest-bearing debt, as production operations expand.
(ii) The price of the company ' s commodity pig products fell more than the price of the industry. (3) The company ' s rapid expansion led to higher administrative and financial costs. Corporate performance summary: the performance of the company was largely influenced by the prices of pigs. In 2017, the prices of pigs fell and the company ' s performance grew in reverse;
In the first half of 2018, the price of pigs fell again on a cliff based on 2017, together with the price of raw materials, and the cost of firms increased during the period due to the expansion of their size, resulting in a decline in their performance and profitability. Corporate performance Outlook: As at 31 August 2018, the average price for the company ' s July-August pig sales was 12.74 yuan per kilogram, although compared to the same price.
In January-August 2018, the company sold 68.72 million live pigs, an increase of 54.46%. In terms of the number of live pigs, the company will be better off in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year.
In the short term, the company is expected to perform better in the second half of the year than in the first half. In the long run, based on the current national pig stock, the prices are expected to go up in 2020.
In terms of performance, the prices of the company ' s products in 2020 are expected to be better than in the first half of the year, and the company ' s pig production will be released further in the second half. Thus, the company ' s performance in the second half of the year is expected to be better than in the first half.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company's relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.