Good cost control led the company through the cycle, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Performance summary: The company published its semi-annual report for 2018. Business income was 5.5 billion yuan in the first half of the year, a 29.6 per cent increase and a net loss of profit attributable to shareholders of $7.86 million, a 108.5 per cent decrease in the same year. The national average fell to $9.9 per kilogram.
The company is currently in the process of expansion, with a sales volume of 1 million in July, and we expect 11 million in the year as a whole. As a result of the rapid expansion of large-scale farming enterprises and the withdrawal of silos, pig prices continued to decline in the first half of the year, at an average of 11.6 yuan per kilogram in the first half of the year.
In response to growing environmental pressures, in recent years there has been an intense policy of protecting pigs, and regions have gradually established restricted and restricted areas.
There is an increase in environmental requirements for farms and greater difficulty in entering the industry. There are fewer farmers in the market, and more large-scale farming by businesses. At the same time, as can be seen from data from the United States and Japan, where the pig-raising industry has grown better in scale, the United States and Japan have produced more than 500 pigs a year.
With the introduction of the environmental policy, firms with the advantages of size and the integrity of the industrial chain will accelerate their expansion, and industry concentration will continue to increase. Technology-based farming is being explored, and industry trends are moving.
Two phases. The first phase reduces the cost of farming for rapid scale expansion; the second phase leads to a reduction in the cost end of a technically oriented approach, including breeding, vaccines, circulation units (billions of shares), once the scale has reached a certain level.
At the same time, the company has developed applied techniques for barley, raw materials processing by-products, and has achieved adequate use of raw materials, effectively reducing the cost of feed, thus creating a greater cost advantage. We believe that increased R & D investment by companies is in line with industry trends and that future growth of companies is desirable.
This is 54 times the price, 46 times the price, and 11 times the price.
By the end of 2017, the number of fully-financed companies had reached 80 in 13 provinces. After more than 20 years of development, the company had developed research, feed processing, pig breeding, pig breeding, growing, growing, and commercialization.
In the last three years, the share of pig husbandry has been 24.6%, 45.7%, and 30.0% respectively, and as a result of an increase in the price of pork in 2016, the rate of Maori has been higher than that of other dragons in the industry.
Main business structure of the company: According to the annual report for the first half of 2018, the company ' s income was mainly from pig farming, which was 99.4 per cent higher, and other business, which was 0.6 per cent, with a rate of 24.61 per cent for the past three years and six months, respectively; the company ' s performance: the company ' s annual report for 2017 showed that the company achieved $10.40 billion in operating income, up from the previous year.
With a 79.1 per cent increase in the net return to the mother of $2.37 billion, representing an increase of 1.9 per cent over the previous year, the number of fully-owned companies that produce pigs has increased to 80 and the number of fully-owned companies that produce pigs has increased by 132.4 per cent over the year, while companies are actively developing and applying advanced automated pig-raising equipment and applying standardized management.
According to the company ' s semi-annual report for 2018, the company achieved operating income of 5.5 billion yuan, an increase of 29.6 per cent over the same period the previous year, and a net loss of profits of 78.6 million yuan, a decrease of 108.5 per cent from the same period in the previous year.
The net loss of profits is mainly due to the continuing low prices of pigs and the increase in operating costs and costs associated with the expansion of the production of piglets.
2.1 Environmental policy changes the structure of the industry. Environmental policy is intensive, with pig-bearing and pig-rich stocks at a low level. Farming has been growing rapidly and has performed well in the last 20 years, but it has been on a large scale, especially in recent years.
Animal waste is the main source of environmental pollution in the farm: according to excreta, one pig is excreta equivalent to the excreta of two individuals, while one pig is equivalent to 13 individuals, according to the discharge of Bod5 (biochemical oxygen demand). According to data from the first national pollution source survey, livestock production is cod,
Total helium and total phosphorus emissions were 1.268 million tons, 1.06 million tons and 160,000 tons respectively, accounting for 41.9 per cent, 21.7 per cent, 37.7 per cent, and 96 per cent, 38 per cent, and 65 per cent, respectively, of agricultural sources. Recent data from the update of the census of sources of pollution indicate an increase in the share of pollutants from livestock farming in total national pollutant emissions.
In response to growing environmental pressures, in recent years there has been an intensive policy of environmental protection of pigs, which has led to the gradual designation of restricted and restricted areas in various regions, the closure or relocation of pig-scale farms by local governments in accordance with the law, and the transfer of pig-growing to non-overloaded areas, especially in the southern areas of the water network. Most regions of the country have requested that livestock be restricted by the end of 2016.
By the end of 2017, livestock farms in restricted areas (sub-districts) and farms will have been closed or relocated by law, and the districts of Kyunjin, Long Triangle, and Pearl Triangle will have been completed one year earlier.
Henan, Gilling, Henan, Sichuan, Gansu, Beijing, Ningxia, Guangdong, Chongqing, Sichuan, Shaanxi, Da Li, Zhejiang, Jilin, Jiangxi, Hunan and Qinghai have also completed the designation of restricted and restricted areas.
The closure and demolition of the pig farm, which were imposed by increasingly stringent environmental regulations, have had a huge impact on the pig-raising industry, with reduced industrial capacity and a permanent increase in the threshold for the entry of the silos into the industry. In Zhejiang province, for example, according to the Ministry of Agriculture, environmental policies have been in place since 2014 and have cumulatively reduced the number of pig farms by more than 8 million.
In comparison with 2015, the number of live pigs dropped in all provinces, with Sichuan dropping most by 311.1 million, or by 4.30%, and Shanghai by 16.3%, or 333,000. Zhejiang fell by 1.64 million, or 11.1%.
The price of pigs is more volatile because the price of pigs is more affected by supply and demand, while the price of the supply is lower. Prior to the introduction of the environmental policy, the price of pigs was more frequent and easier to fill.
In mid-2017, small-scale farmers were relatively cautious about the environmental policy of refilling them, preferring to make them fat and sell them. Overall, environmental factors led to the slowness of fillings, which kept them down, and as of May 2018, the country had reduced its stock to 3285.
As a result of environmental policies, the migration of the pig industry has begun. 217 Central documents on pig farming suggest that the production of pig production should be stabilized, the production of pig production should be optimized in the southern water network, and production should be directed to the environment.
In accordance with the country’s deployment, interior Mongolia and the three north-east provinces of China and Yungu in south-west China have been classified as potential growth areas, and have been identified as the main areas for future growth in the supply of Chinese pork. In this context, future development plans for the major provinces of pig production have also been significantly affected.
On the other hand, the provinces of Yunnan, Xinjiang, Shanxi, which are priority development areas and potential development areas, have seen higher growth in pig production than in other regions, and the division of pig production in the provinces and cities will become more apparent as the Plan progresses.
In 2017, there was a sudden increase in the number of farms under construction, to 63, half of them in the north. The new farms of the Win-Spring stock were clearly characterized by migration from the south to the north.
The number of new farms built by the Wen-Sung shares and herbs shares is many times higher than in previous years, owing to environmental policies to increase the number of farmers in the diaspora, the withdrawal of the herds and the increase in the concentration of businesses.
2.2 Large-scale, skilled farming is a trend that is currently very low in the concentration of the domestic pig-raising industry. In 2015, the share of the industrial leader Winch in the market was only 2.2 per cent, in 2017 it was 2.8 per cent, while the share of the top five enterprises in the industry was 5.6 per cent, leaving almost 95 per cent of the market share small.
In 2007, the number of pig farms with more than 100 per year was only 66.70 million, or 0.8 per cent of the country ' s total, and the number of pig farms with more than 500 per year, or only 12,000 by 2015, with an increase in the proportion of pigs with more than 100 per year and 500 per year, respectively, by 2015.
From 2.2 per cent to 0.6 per cent, the number of pig farms with more than 10,000 and more than 50,000 per year has increased to 1,853 and 261. From the rate of increase, the number of pig farms with more than 10,000 per year has slowed since 2007, and the number of pig farms with more than 50,000 per year decreased from 2007 to 2013 and began to rise again in 13 years.
Data from the United States and Japan, where the pig-raising industry has grown better in scale, show that the United States and Japan account for more than 90% of the country's annual production of pig farms with more than 500 head, but only about 30% of the country's production. With the policy of closing or relocating livestock farms and farms in restricted areas by the end of 2017,
Under pressure from environmental regulations, the silos are less willing, the country’s stocks are on a downward trend, large-scale companies accelerate their expansion, and the whole-chain business model of “feed-farming-killing-eat-processing-end-sales” becomes the direction of the enterprise. Firms with large-scale advantages and the integrity of the industrial chain will accelerate.
In April 2016, the Ministry of Agriculture published the National Plan for the Development of Bio-Puppet Production (2016-2020) (hereinafter referred to as the Plan), which explicitly calls for “a significant effort to develop modest-scale farming and to improve standardization, intensification, mechanization, automation.” The 13th Five-Year Plan is a crucial period for the transformation and upgrading of our pig industry.
The implementation of the Plan provides an opportunity to further strengthen support and guidance for the development of pig production, improve the system of policy frameworks guided by green development, strengthen monitoring and early warning, strengthen scientific and technological support, promote the transformation and upgrading of pig production, and promote the growth of pig production, which, in addition to scalding, is also a major development for pig-breeding enterprises.
The Ministry's “13th Five-Year Plan for the Development of Agricultural Science and Technology” included livestock aquaculture as one of its priority areas, proposing that “10, 3 and 5” or more should be followed by the concept of green development, focusing on issues such as the efficiency of agricultural production, quality safety and sustainable development of the environment, and the promotion of biotechnology, information technology, materials technology, and so on, in the field of good breeding, efficient production and food.
In the areas of security, resource-based use, and equipment-making, progress in agricultural development is being made from a shift from resource-based inputs to technological advances, and progress in science and technology is increasing.
A series of breeding activities, such as blood file records, earmarks, bluup genetic assessments, gps based on merit mating. Companies measure the size of pigs for the first time in 20 to 30 thousand years. Companies enforce strict selection criteria for pigs entering core pigs (the great ancestors) in order to ensure the maintenance and enhancement of the company’s good genetic pool of core pigs. This allows companies to grow pigs and produce commodity pigs.
On the other hand, companies have developed applications of wheat, raw materials processing by-products, and have achieved full application of raw materials, adapting the main material in feed formulations in a timely manner, based on the availability of “corn + soybean” and “wheat + soy” formulations.
Effectively reducing the cost of feed, resulting in a stronger cost advantage, Māori raw pig leading the front line, 3 cost-control leading industries, scale expansion, 3.1 integrated industrial chain advantages are evident
The company's integrated industrial chain makes it possible to control the production chain of pig farming and has a clear competitive advantage in food safety, disease control, cost control and standardization, scalation, intensification, etc. In keeping with the concept of “better protection than prevention, more prevention than cure, more integrated prevention” the company has established a well-developed system of disinfection, quarantine, multi-level segregation of pigs farms, and housing.
A multi-faceted disease prevention and control measure, such as small internal environmental controls, and an early warning system for external and internal warnings have been put in place. This reduces the costs that companies lose because of pig disease.
The transaction costs have effectively avoided the impact of uneven demand fluctuations in the market for fodder, pig growing, etc., on company production, making the entire production process manageable and increasing the company’s ability to resist market risks. Under an integrated business model, the company produces feed processing, pig breeding, pig growing, commodity pig breeding, etc.
On the basis of the controllability of the chain and the standardization, standardization and weighting of the production chain through the various planning and production management systems, the company has made extensive use of advanced and efficient automation equipment in the breeding chain, improved productivity and scalding of the production process, in accordance with the production plan.
Camp, which provides the basis for reducing the cost of production per unit of product and improving integrated competitiveness. 3.2 Technological advantages enhance cost control.
Application techniques for processing by-products have resulted in the full application of raw materials: coupled with the application of net energy, real digestible amino acid systems, low-protein day-to-day food formulas, making full use of crystallized amino acids, reducing the use of soybean, enriching the choice of substitute maize raw materials, not only reducing traditional feed dependency on maize, soybean, but also significantly reducing nitrogen emissions and making the environment more environmentally friendly.
In 2013 and 2014, the price of wheat and maize was complementary, lower when the price of corn rose, and lower when the price of wheat rose. But starting in October 2015, the price of maize fell sharply, and smaller.
The price of wheat is gradually higher than that of maize. In 2015, the average price of maize was $2195.1 per ton, while the price of wheat was $2428.3 per ton. By 2016, the average price of maize had fallen to $1797.1 per ton, while the price of wheat had been $2406.7 per ton. The average price of maize was 609.6 ton lower than that of wheat.
For different varieties, types, and stages of growth, the company uses the method to create a corresponding dynamic nutrient model and elaborate feed formulations. Currently, the company does not care for pigs, fattening pigs, pregnant pigs, breast-feeding pigs, etc.
A total of 6 types of 32 feed formulations have been designed for pigs and seasonal changes in the same state, and up to 11 formulas have been developed for the care and fertility phases alone, depending on their weight phase. Through the fine management of pig nutrition, on the one hand, the growth potential of pigs has been fully realized, improving their health, and on the other hand, reducing the meat ratio, increasing the rate of compensation for feed and lowering the cost of feed.
In addition, the company's development of “a mix of early weaning milk pig feed”, which has the advantage of taste, digestible absorption, low cost and high transformation rates, has now been patented for State inventions. 3.3 Farming farm layouts are reasonable.
The company began with Henan, the country’s largest food-producing province, with a solid foundation for livestock development, and the country’s traditional pig-breeding province. In 2015-2017, Henan produced 6.67 million tons, 5.9470 million tons, 59.7 million tons, or nearly 10 per cent of the country’s total food production. In 2017, Henan produced 62.2 million pigs.
Our food provinces are Liao Ning, Hebei, Shandong, Jilin, Inner Mongolia, Jiangxi, Hunan, Sichuan, Henan, Hubei, Jiangsu, Anhui, Heilongjiang. The company's farms are mainly located in Henan, Shandong, Jilin, and these are all food provinces. Meanwhile, the company's subsidiaries have been deployed to the country's 13 provinces of maize, wheat and wheat, and are currently mainly productive.
It is located in the middle-origin zone, centred on Henan, which provides sufficient security for the supply of raw materials for the company, while reducing the cost of transporting raw materials, giving the company some advantage in the cost of purchasing raw materials. The north-east is the country's important base for the production of food commodities, with a surplus of more than 40 million tons of maize per year, with sufficient merit.
The supply of raw materials, coupled with the small size of the north-east, and the high carrying capacity of the land, is suitable for the development of large-scale intensive farming projects. According to the National Plan for the Development of Pigs 2016-2020, the north-east region of the country is a potential farming development area, with unlimited potential for future farming, with adequate food sources and better maize quality, and with relatively low costs for company maize purchases compared to the food-distributed enterprises.
The cost advantage of raw materials is more pronounced. 3.4 The cost advantage is clear, and the expansion accelerates.
The losses are minimal in time and range during the lower prices, and they are more robust than the cash flows of other firms, enabling them to quickly capture market shares during periods of industrial downturns; and to earn more operating income, more profits, and better performance at the higher prices. Companies take advantage of low-cost advantages to actively expand the productive capacity of pig-breeding.
In 2015, 2016, 2017, the number of farms under construction was 29, 46, 39. Because cost control was at the forefront of the industry, it made more profits than other firms at the same market price for pig prices, with the lowest losses and the shortest losses in the run-up to pig prices.
Cash flows are tight, and other firms cannot expand. But companies, because of their low costs, are already expanding their production capacity, increasing their market share. The current distribution of production capacity includes Henan, Shanxi, Shaanxi, Hubei, Shandong, Hebei, Inner Mongolia, Liaoning, Heilongjiang, Jiangsu, etc.
(c) No direct or indirect compensation for the specific recommendations or observations contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.