Construction in China (60168.sh)
Newly signed contracts for building operations are down at the end of the year: (1) the company has cumulatively achieved new contracts of $18,61.2 billion, yoy+22.5 per cent, a 9.3 percentage point increase from January to November 2016. Of these, new contracts of $12,777 million, $5,547.7 billion, respectively, were realized for building, capital and survey design operations throughout the year.
Monthly decline of 5.7 and 47 percentage points. The company has grown significantly throughout the year in its capital and steadily in its housing operations, but has contracted upstream in design survey operations. (3) Subregionally, the company ' s growth in new construction in December has continued and the pace of completion has narrowed: the company has achieved new construction in 2016.
A total of 259.39 million square metres, yoy + 13.8 per cent, an increase of 1.9 percentage points over January-November, a product mix of 1.3606 million square metres, yoy + 1.2 per cent.
In December, real estate sales continued to fall at the same rate: companies achieved total sales area in 2016, institutional investors achieved a ratio of stock in circulation a.km per month, sales amounted to $12.3 billion, yoy 17.74 per cent, respectively.
Profit projections: In the short term, as a result of the increasingly tight policy of urban housing regulation in hot spots, industry sales have declined to a certain degree compared to their peak in September 2016, but remain high in terms of sales relative value; with the estate industry moving into a low-sales season, the company 1q2017
Real estate sales data will continue to face downward pressure, but steady growth in real estate sales over the last two years has resulted in the accumulation of a wealth of combable resources to ensure future growth in housing business performance. In the medium and long term, the growth in new construction and contracts will increase the company’s future housing performance.
Long-term support, coupled with high growth in the capital sector, will accelerate the improvement of the company’s revenue structure, contribute to fair value, stabilize performance growth, and sustain the investment proposals purchased.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: