The company's evaluation reports that the animal industry has improved significantly in the agro-forestry and animal fishing industry, and that the animal industry has improved significantly.
The incident company released its annual report for 2020 and its report for the first quarter of 2021. 21q1 fell in performance in 2020, as a result of the downside prices of pigs and the rise in raw materials.
With 74,939 million yuan, +2.45 per cent of the year, pork farming and chicken farming contributed, respectively, to the average cost of a company's pig production, which was 15.7 per cent per year, and to the higher cost of the cumulative raw materials, which led to a significant decline in the profits of the pig-breeding business on a year-on-year basis.
The profits from poultry farming have improved significantly, and the transformation has steadily pushed forward corporate sales in 2020. Twenty years of excess supply in the live poultry market, with a new coronary pneumonia epidemic affecting the demand for poultry meat in the catering industry, and with the gradual recovery of the raw pig supply, the substitution of poultry meat has diminished.
The average sales price of the company ' s chickens and ducks fell by 21.79 per cent and 32.94 per cent, respectively, and the poultry business suffered a significant loss. The profits of the 2021q1 company ' s poultry business increased significantly in the same year. The prices of chickens and duck sales increased by +38.84 per cent and +34.01 per cent. The company will continue to promote the poultry industry around the 2021 business plan.
In addition, in the area of slaughtering, the company has 86 million additional single-shift slaughter capacity, with a cumulative capacity of 248 million units per unit.
In 20 years, the company sold 132 million items, compared with 37.74%. Continuously optimized the pig structure, with a significant 20-year increase in the number of commodity pig seeding rings sold by the company, improved delivery of pig seedlings and delivery of the production chain, and the elimination of some of the threatened piglets, resulting in the loss of meat pigs.
By the end of the 20th century, the company will have been able to produce about 80% of the pigs; by the end of the 21st year, the company is expected to have a target of 1.8 million pigs and a reserve of 800,000 pigs, with a further increase in the proportion of them.
The company will step up its efforts to revive the pig industry, with a 46% increase in the quarterly growth of commodity seedlings, laying the groundwork for a follow-on increase in commodity pig prices. The investment proposal is to benefit from a return in the average yellow chicken price, and the company’s leader as a yellow chicken will be significant.
Benefits, performance recovery period; company pig-breeding risks and costs associated with raising the production capacity of pigs; risk of animal disease; risk of food safety, etc.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.