The Great Refinement Project took the lead and successfully laid out the whole industry chain.
In March 2019, the company's “Short-Refining 20 million tonnes/Year Smelting Integration Project” successfully came into production, went through all the processes, and successfully achieved the upstream px/smelting process in the polyester sector. The company also took the lead in achieving "Redging".
Helium Group Ltd. complete chain development model for dibenzene, ethylene-pta, ethylene-civil silk, industrial silk, engineering plastics, polyester film.
Risk and continued profitability. Refinement projects led by accelerated import substitution for px. Domestic supply and demand for px has been uneven.
Twenty-six million tons, or 9% of the annual compound increase. But the supply side, because of the length of the country’s refining industry’s approval cycle, the domestic supply of px remains largely unchanged, and the supply gap continues to grow.
The supply-demand relationship will improve as new domestic capacity moves into production in 2019. The company will take the lead in the 300-degree-high-severe performance of the first industry in March 2019.
The profit is expected to shift to the pta section, where companies continue to expand their advantage of size. The pta-px price difference has increased from $179/t in early 2019 to $196/t, with our px capacity.
The pta-px price differential is expected to widen further, with profits from the polyester industry shifting from px to downstream. The company’s subsidiary, Helium Pulsification, with 6.6 million tons of effective capacity, ranks first in the country and is an absolute leader in the industry. At the same time, the company’s persistence is in four stages.
It is expected that the five-phase pta project will be operational in the next two years, when the company’s capacity will reach 16%, further expanding its size advantage.
Data cut-off date: July 12, 2019, one of the producers of long wires has a large-scale advantage in the production of long filamentation.
The product is dominated by functionally differentiated fumes, with a wider market space. Profit predictions and investment proposals: based on the latest product prices, industry chain layouts and future lines, Song Jiangbo
Risk factors: High volatility in crude oil prices: decline in the landscape of the large refining industry; Helium Refining Company, originating in Wu Gang, Suzhou, developed in Dalian Changjing Island, mainly in pta, polyester slices, civil beams, industrial beams, polyester membrane, engineering plastic production, research and development, and marketing, while providing electricity and steam to the outside world
Products, etc. The products of the company, which are of a wide variety and have a full range of product specifications, include items such as pet, poy, fdy, dty, paste, bopet, pbt, heat and electricity, etc., which are widely used in the manufacture of civilian textile products, which are manufactured with spinning, various types of food products, medicines, day goods packaging, household appliances, auto industry, electronic components.
The company is committed to the development of the world-class industrial chain “Smelting - to dibenzene, ethylene-pta, ethylene-civil silk, industrial silk, engineering plastics, polyester membrane” with 20 million tons of petroleum refining projects, and is the manufacturer of pta, the largest and most productive single-body device in the world.
1.1 Relying on the 500-strong enterprise, the equity structure is centralized. To date, the corporate equity structure is clear, with shareholders in the world's 500-strong enterprise, the Stewardship Group, holding the shares.
29.72%. The company actually controls both Chen Jianhua and Fan Hong Wei. The shareholders in the company and their co-actors together hold 73.79% of the shares, and the concentration of the shares in the company helps the company to make major business decisions that will serve the long-term development of the company.
The Divisions are the following: Jiangsu Hemospheric Fibres (99.99%), mainly producing polyesters for fibres, differentiated chemical fibres, etc.; Confutation (75%), mainly polyester membrane, polyester slices, industrial plastics, etc.; and Sterilization (100%), mainly producing pta, px, etc.
1.2 The horizontal and horizontal distribution of the whole industrial chain, the development of the integrated empire The horizontal and vertical layout of the industrial chain of the company perfected the production capacity of 276 tons of high-end polyesters per year in Suzhou, Nanton, Cebu and Campus, mainly in the areas of research and development of high-end products such as civil silk, industrial silk, polyester film and engineering plastics;
In 2018, the company injected a new 2.2 million tons of pta production capacity on Grand Company Changing Island, which together produced 6.6 million tons per year, to be seen as the largest listed company in the former country with its pta equity capacity; after the company's first industry in March 2019 was connected to the entire refinery production process, it was gradually entering the production and volume phase of px and will also take the lead in the domestic production of px.
The company is building 1.35 million tons of civil silk production lines and 200,000 tons of industrial silk production lines, with a total polyester production capacity of 4 million tons per year; the company is building 2 2.5 million tons of pta production lines with a combined capacity of 5 million tons, the largest listed company currently building capacity, which is expected to reach annual production capacity between the fourth quarter of 2019 and the first half of 2020.
The company, driven by a two-wheel “polyester + pta” operation, achieved operating income of $60,667 million in 2018, an increase of 4.01 per cent in net profits compared to last year's retroactive adjustment, and an annual profit level that creates a record high for listed companies.
The demand for pre-export orders and the rapid drop in crude oil costs triggered by the US trade war led to a passive decline in profits in the fourth quarter, and companies achieved a steady increase in business size and profitability throughout 2018.
The company collected $31,478 million in pta in 2018, or 53% of its total operating income. Of this amount, the civil scrubbing silhouette was 20 million tons/year of smelting integration projects, which successfully brought the production process through, and the company’s collection product structure was expected to be analysed by the chain of the fibre optics industry.
The fibre-optic industrial chain consists of px (biphenyl), pta (precision to dimethyl acid) +meg (ethanol) and pet (polychlor). The main raw materials are crude oil, which is obtained from paracetyl oil (light gasoline) after a certain process and then refined from paracephale oil, and px is produced from px by crystalline separation and drying.
Finally, 1 ton of pet was produced using 0.86 tons of pta plus 0.34 tons of meg.
The demand for px accounts for more than 80% of global demand, with China consuming more than 24 million tons, or close to 60% of global consumption; on the supply side, there is now a larger supply gap for domestic production of px, which is mainly dependent on imports. In 2018, the capacity for px was 14 million tons, and import dependence was as high as 60%.
The pta, pta, is one of the most important organic materials in the industrial chain. Pata and ethylene (meg) can be used to produce polyesters. The polyester fibres are the most important species, accounting for nearly 80% of total world synthetic fibre production, and polyesters can also be used to produce non-fibrous products.
Products. From the industrial chain, pta carries px and crude oil, and sub-polymeric esters. In 2018, pta showed a consumption of 4,034 million tonnes/year. At the supply end, pta output has had a significant effect, with a slow increase in production in recent years. In 2018, we produced 51.29 million tonnes/year.
The main production country or area of pta is more than 70%, and domestic concentration is expected to increase, with the result that production will be phased out. And the additional capacity in the next three years is mainly provided by leading firms, and this is also evidenced by the fact that the industry chain is run down as pet, which is divided into polyester membranes, polyester bottles, and polyester fibres (polyester fibres), in which polyester fibres are also found.
It can be divided into pruning fibres and pruning short fibres, which are usually mixed with cotton, and used for approximately 75% of the total polyester production, for textile enterprises. Domestic filamentation production and apparent consumption in 2018 amounted to 27,737,000 tonnes/year and 2,594,000 tonnes/year, respectively, an increase of 8.99% and 9.89%, respectively. With the liberalization of the second-child policy, residents are born.
Higher living standards, long-silling below-the-silt conditions. 3,px: company refining projects are the first to start, import replacement lifts 3.1 supply and demand are reversed, and profit cores are shifted from px to pta
In terms of raw materials, px downstream as crude oil shows a clear positive correlation with oil price fluctuations, with the average prices of tar and wti crude oil at $66.5 and $57.8 per barrel in January-May 2019, respectively, up from $13 and 14 per barrel in December 2018, but alone, there was a significant decline in crude oil prices in May, mainly as a result of:
1. The increasing production of shale oil in the United States and the persistently high stock of crude oil in the United States; 2. global macroeconomic growth slows; 3.opec output falls short of expectations, Saudi Arabia insists on a reduction in production in the Oec, while Iraqi production increases sharply in the second half of the year. We therefore believe that crude oil prices are largely affected by two factors: 1. Precise: increased capacity for transportation of shale oil pipelines in the United States and increased capacity for transportation of shale oil pipelines in the United States.
The lack of pipeline transport has been a key factor in the increase in shale oil in the United States, which in late 18 has led to a significant increase in the exploitation of shale oil in the United States, with only two additional small pipelines in the United States between January and May of this year.
By the end of June, the oec conference and geopolitical factors, such as the US sanctions against Iran. And according to Bloomberg, the U.S. permian basin shale margin is perfect.
Production costs are $49 per barrel, which, when oil prices are lower, will limit the incentives of shale oil companies and support oil prices. Thus, we believe that there is already a relatively limited space for oil prices to go down, but the upward momentum is relatively inadequate, with a presumably regional shock rate and a slight rise in the central hub in the third quarter and a fourth quarter in the pipeline.
In terms of prices, the fall in crude oil prices in the first quarter of 2019, as well as the fall in the oil oil oils and px, is now in the middle of history. The px-stone oil price differential is now returning from high to average.
On the supply and demand side, we are the world’s largest textile exporter, and domestic supply and demand for px has been uneven in the past. The demand for px has increased, from 16,570,000 tons in 2013 to 26 million tons in 2018, with annual compound increases.
In 18 years, the px production was 14 million tons, with import dependence of up to 60%, mainly from Japan and the Middle East, with China and Korea importing up to 63%. Higher import dependence led to the monopolization of the px raw materials by Japanese and Korean households, with profits from the industrial chain concentrated in this segment.
tons. In 2019, the production capacity of pta is expected to be 54.38 million tons, based on an average start rate of 79 per cent this year. In 2019, the production of pta was 42.9602 million tons, the production of pta for px was 28.1389 million tons and the production of pta 95 per cent, plus the need for px in other areas, and in 2019, the demand for px was 2,961.99 million tons, with import dependence expected.
To 38.39%. The balance of supply and demand for px will be reversed, import substitution will accelerate, and companies will take the lead as industrial leaders, refining projects will be put into production, giving priority to the px dividend. Figure 10: Chinese production of px and apparent consumption (tonnes/year)
Figure 11: Px start-up rate (percentage) 3.2 Prepositioned px products, resulting in an integrated and refined development model In the face of the new international situation and industry trends, the Healing Group has invested 56.2 billion yuan in construction to enhance corporate competitiveness.
The project will achieve a px capacity of 4.5 million tonnes/year, which will provide companies with the production of pta, which will then produce products such as polyesters, detergents, etc.
The entire industrial chain of aromatic hydrocarbons-pta-polyesters-civil silk and industrial silk will be greatly enhanced by the company’s ability to resist market risk fluctuations and its ability to guide the industry. The rest of the products are available for production and consumption in other downstream industries, mainly textiles, automobiles, air transport, precision chemicals, etc.
In terms of domestic capacity, the average size of the px production capacity in the country is small. To date, the total capacity of the px is 1,843,000 tonnes/year, with an average capacity of 980,000 tonnes/year, and only five of them reach the level of 1 million tonnes per year in addition to constant petrochemicals. As a result of the effects of the scale of the refining projects, the more productive refining projects are in fixed investments, combined energy consumption, and a product mix.
Sustained refining will build 20 million tonnes/year of smelting integration devices on the island and will have a strong competitive advantage within the country. The company’s completion of the smelting integration project will guarantee the company’s competitive power, giving it a competitive advantage in the following areas: 1,
Cost advantages, which would result in savings of more than $1 billion in intermediate costs of tariffs, freight, handling, wear and tear compared to foreign imports of px, which would significantly reduce transportation costs for raw materials procurement; 2. Technical advantages, where the “several refining of 20 million tonnes/year refining one project” was chosen using the world's advanced and mature boiling bed plus hydrogen technology, resulting in added value such as asphalt (slag oil), wax oil, etc.
Lower heavy oils can be converted into high-value-added quartz oils, maximizing the acquisition of raw materials. 4.5 million tonnes/year aromatic hydrocarbon capacity would theoretically require the consumption of 9 million tons of naphthalenes, while traditional oil refining processes would produce only 13 per cent of that oil, while the persistence.
The longer the art routes have the advantage, the more integrated the production process, the better the product structure, and the more profitable it is. The “Standing 20 million tonnes/year refining integration project” can reduce the purchase price of raw materials through direct processing and production of aromatic hydrocarbons through the importation of poor crude oil, saving monopoly premiums and the transit costs of the intermediate.
In the course of the construction of the project, materials preparation and downstream channels are also under way. On 28 June 2018, the first sandy ship of crude oil arrived in the port, while a long-term supply agreement of 6.5 million tons of Saudi Arabian oil was successfully concluded by Saudi Arabian companies in 2019.
Partners such as China Oil and China have signed strategic cooperation agreements and product marketing agreements to ensure that refined products are sold well. So the company has secured the supply of upstream crude oil and access to downstream product distribution terminals.
Ethylene Project. The project ' s raw materials are all derived from upstream refining devices, making full use of the enterprise ' s available resources, and reducing the cost of transportation of the raw materials and increasing the profitability of the enterprise. The Ethylene Project, with a two-year construction period, is expected to be launched in the fourth quarter of 2019. The project has invested about $21 billion, with production capacity of 1.5 million tons of ethylene and 180 million tons of ethylene, respectively.
Tons of ethanol, 720,000 tons of styrene, and 850,000 tons of polypropylene. After the project is carried out, the company will achieve basic self-sufficiency in the supply of ethylene raw materials for polyester raw materials, and the company’s upstream raw material security and combined profitability are expected to be substantial.4 pta: the future profit core, the company’s continued expansion of its advantages of scale
4.1 The decapitulation effect is clear, and profits are expected to shift to the pta segment from upstream raw material analysis, pta upstream raw material px to $848 as at 27 June 2019, as a result of the impact of the downside of crude oil prices and the commissioning of the constant refining project.
The price of pta also fell by 10.55%, from US$ 805/ton at the beginning of 2019 to US$ 756/ton on 27 June 2019, but below the price of px. The price difference of pta-px also increased from US$ 179/ton at the beginning of the year to US$ 196/ton, accelerating with the start of 2019.
The pta-px price differential is expected to widen further, with profits shifting from px to downstream in the polyester chain. On the supply side, at the supply and demand side, our pta production capacity is from 32.935 million tonnes/year in 2013 to 51.29 million tonnes/year in 2018, resulting in a continuous improvement in the pta’s supply and demand relationship.
The start-up rate for pta production equipment has been around 80% for the last three years, mainly because of the slower growth in capacity and the narrowing of domestic supply and demand gaps. The stock of pta production enterprises has also been kept at around three days.
To date, the country has a total production capacity of 5,2185,000 tonnes per year, of which 4,4485,000 tonnes per year have been effective, with a gradual phase-out of post-developing capacity, a steady expansion of the production of leading firms by scale and increasing industrial concentration.
Among the performances, large pta enterprises, such as constant petrochemicals, stubble petrochemicals, and glorified petrochemicals, together account for more than 50% of the country's productive capacity. These enterprises are large-scale and sophisticated in terms of production equipment. Some have advantages such as whole-of-the-industry coverage, which is lower than others in terms of the cost of upstream raw materials.
Phase-out. At present, 97.56% of the main companies listed in pta production are starting, well above the rate of 72.39% in other firms. The company’s subsidiary, Helium Pulse, has 6.6 million tons of effective capacity, ranked first in the country, in absolute terms in the industry, and the pta sector is gradually becoming bipolar in terms of new capacity, with the country’s main production capacity in the next three years.
China’s leading business. Four phases of the production of Xinfeng and Helium petrochemicals are expected to reach 2.2 million tons and 2.5 million tons in the coming two years, and the rest will be deployed close to 20 million tons in the next two years. Overall, this year’s capacity growth will slow, and excess capacity will be effectively reduced.
Each year, the company produces 2.5 million tons of pta capacity in four instalments and 2.5 million tons in five instalments of constant capacity, which is expected to become an absolute leader in the industry in the country per year. With a very strong scale effect, it will enhance its technological leadership, size and cost competitiveness in the industry and enhance its overall competitive power.
4.3 Building on the advantages of the Totopta scale, the company ' s pta Maori ratio reached 8.48 per cent in 2018, an increase of 1.91 percentage points compared to the other two.
For pta production firms, the company's pta Maori ratio is 2.03 percentage points higher than stylized, and 1.01 percentage points higher than glorified petrochemicals. At the end of the sale, the prices of pta sales are basically the same across major companies, so that the company has a greater advantage than the other pta production firms, mainly at the cost.
In order to further consolidate the advantages of upstream capacity, the company is building an annual 2.5 million tons pta-4 project.
In the fourth quarter of 2019, the project invested a total of RMB 2,907 million. In addition to the 2.5 million tons of pta-5 per year project, the project invested a total of RMB 2,987 million. Delivery is expected in the second quarter of 2020. The project effectively controls the cost end with technological advantages: the project uses the latest pta technology in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Technology uses medium-temperature catalytic oxidation technology to recover energy and achieve environmental protection requirements; direct re-use of refined parent fluids to reduce water consumption, simplify processes and save costs; and direct slurry to fine units after separation of cta to simplify process flow processes and save equipment investment. On the other hand, the campus is well equipped to further reduce costs: constant peta peta
At the same time, the base has its own docks, which are directly connected to the plant area, where pta products can be transported directly by water, reducing transport costs and handling costs. After the project is delivered, the listed company will achieve basic self-sufficiency in the supply of polyester raw materials at pta.
Figure 27: Raw materials and products on pta-4 project 5. Long-silence detergents: industry keeping up, high-end market going down 5.1 end demand, industry still to be restructured
So far, the demand for long-leaving strips has come from more than half, 52%, of clothing. A further 33% comes from homes and spins and 15% from industry. The long-leafs have strong durability, elasticity, corrosion resistance, good light tolerance, etc., and are widely used.
In terms of end demand, the elixir is used mainly in the clothing sector, in direct proportion to the population growth rate and the income per person. The population has grown slowly in the last five years, reaching 1,397 million in 2018. The projected decline is 21.44% for the same year 2019.
In a downward trend, there will be a decline in the demand for long wires in the garment sector. From February to May 2019, in the area of swirling at home and car decorations, the market area in our merchandise house was 48.708 million square metres, a 0.7% reduction.
At the same time, in 2018, the country produced 27,968,000 cars, a 3.8 per cent decrease in the same year, while in February-May 2019, the volume of vehicles was 1,0179,000, a 14.1 per cent decrease in the same year. The country’s automobile industry, which was affected by the economic downturn, experienced a slight weakening of demand, which led to a sharp decline in automobile production to maintain a balance between supply and demand.
There will be a decline in the demand for leaching filament in decorative applications.
In terms of price differentials, from 2016 onwards, the price of the elixir rose steadily, reaching its peak in the second quarter of 2018, with a fdy price of $13,600 per tonne, a dty price of $13,600 per tonne and a poy price of $12,300 per tonne.
For 92,500 ton/ton, for Poy 7750 ton/ton, and for fdy 8100 ton. But the price of ellipse silk tends to rise slowly. With regard to the inventory, it is due to an increase in the number of downstream orders and a decrease in the stock. In June 2019, the inventory was deactivated for 14 days, the inventory for detergent dty for 20 days, and the inventory for poy for 8.5 days, which is essentially below the historical average.
In terms of supply and demand, the country’s production and consumption have remained almost equal, with annual increases starting in 2016. Production and apparent consumption in 2018 amounted to 27,737,000 tonnes/year and 2,594,000 tonnes/year, respectively, an increase of 8.99% over the same period.
And 9.89% of these exports are significantly larger than imports, but the overall level of exports is at the level of millions of tons, compared to production
The bottom-of-the-shelf industry climate index has remained calm and is currently at about 1260, with the overall textile climate index at Kobashi, which is higher than the overall industry climate index, reaching 1753. The industry as a whole maintains a climate that provides consumer security for the upper range.
So far, we have a total capacity of 38.36 million tonnes/year for long silk scrubbers and 37.68 million tonnes/year for effective production. Of these, the Sino-Kun Unit has an effective capacity of 5.7 million tonnes/year, or 15.13% of the total effective capacity, and Sino-Phuong has an effective capacity of 3.63 million tonnes/year.
The ratio is 9.63 per cent; Jiang Su Seonlong and Helium have effective production capacity of 2.15 million tonnes/year and 1.6 million tonnes/year, respectively. There are more than 80 enterprises in the long silk industry and production capacity is constantly concentrated in larger enterprises. Industry is 42.16 per cent and industry concentration is increasing.
Figure 41: The capacity of the country’s major longline production companies The country’s main emitter production capacity in the next three years totals 8.5 million tonnes/year, and in 2019 it will be around 3 million tonnes/year.
5.3 A functionally differentiated product with a wider space in the high-end scrubbing silk market The company is building a project for the production of 1.35 million tons of new high-quality textile materials per year, with a total investment of $12.3 billion in new processes, the formation of advanced production lines and the import of advanced equipment from abroad (e.g., tmt, Bamag, Ori).
Equipment produced by well-known manufacturers, such as Hong Kong, for the procurement of domestic lead equipment (e.g., equipment from the mid-cycle yard), the main raw material consumed per unit product, pta/t, 0.33t/t, respectively, is at an internationally advanced level.
Other processing enterprises using polyester recovery products as feedstock produce other products to achieve the integrated use of resources. 600,000 tons of high-quality semi-light, half-dipony, 300,000 tons of high-quality polyester fibres (including 150,000 tons of pey ion dyes) and 450,000 tons of dty 450,000 tons of project were constructed.
Product orientation is a multifunctional, high-quality, differentiated chemical fibre market, and the project products are dominated by functionally differentiated fumes, long wires. A modified polyester production line with the highest current international production capacity of ions is constructed, and the product can be dyed at a normal pressure of 100°C water temperature, with a coloring rate 20% higher than conventional polyester fibres, reducing environmental protection.
Pressure. At the same time, the ion silk reduces the crystallization of polyester fibres, with a softer hand sense than normal polyester fibres, a more colourful and more secure product that is very popular with consumers and has greater market space. 1. Companies will produce the upstream product px as a result of large-scale refining projects, and because of the import dependence of large-scale refining projects
High, px is expected to run at full capacity. However, as large domestic refining projects continue, px prices are expected to remain constant at 15%, it is clear that the company’s pta start rate is expected to remain unchanged at 87% and equal in sales; at the cost end, the company’s cost and output are expected to drop at 15%, 5%, and the profit will return to the pta chain; at the marketing level, because of the uninterrupted release of px production capacity.
At the end, the company pta unit price is expected to decline by 3 per cent due to downward pressure on the economy.3 At the end of production, the company is expected to build 1.35 million tons of civilian longlines, which are expected to be in production as expected and estimated to be in production on an average of three years, an increase of 450,000 tons per year.
At the cost end, as a result of effective corporate cost control, the current ratio of company costs to output is expected to change; at the end of the sales end, the cost of company-owned long wires is expected to decrease at 3 per cent due to weak downstream demand and economic downside forecasts.
In the case of industrial scrubbing, at the end of production, the company is expected to start 200,000 tons of construction projects as expected, i.e. 200,000 tons in 2021, and the company’s start-up rate remains the same at 70% and the production rate is equal. At the cost end, the company’s cost-to-production ratio is expected to remain the same; at the end of the sale, the city is expected to have a higher Māori rate due to the industrial scrubbing filaments.
Competition is expected to intensify, with unit prices expected to decrease by 5 per cent.5 Other operations maintain historical data and are not forecast.5 Business income is expected to increase by about 20 billion as a result of the introduction of post-partum by-products from large refining projects and production such as ethylene items.
1. Higher volatility in crude oil prices, leading to a decline in profits in the industrial chain;
4. Under pressure from the economic downturn, downstream demand in the industrial chain falls short of expectations.