Resource and Environmental Research Centre buy-in (first rating) of Helium stock (600346.sh) to take the lead in integrating the “oil-px-pta-polyester” industry chain, with rapid growth and determination of performance
The market’s excess profits of more than $5 billion over the cost advantage of its refining integration are not anticipated, and the profits of more than $2.5 billion over its government tax concessions are not expected. (1) The company’s profits are about to cross from “pta-polyester” to “oil-px-pta-polyester.”
Given the slow rate of growth in the effective production of the end polyester, the company can optimize the profits of the industrial chain through a reasonable grasp of the rhythm of the production capacity of the pta chain. (2) The company has significant excess gains in each of the “oil-px-pta-polyester” links.
Theoretically, the industry’s cost advantage is more than 5.2 billion dollars when it is in the balance of gains and losses. Companies’ refined crude oil costs are industry-wide and have the highest proportion of higher value-added products: they eat the heaviest oil, and they have the highest rate of commercialization of higher value-added.
(1) Eating the heaviest crude oil: The crude oil ton ratio at the refinery is 7.07, which means a 3.5 per cent cost savings per ton of crude oil compared to 7.33 ton of crude oil at zero. (2) The refinery has the highest additional commercialization rate: single-line px installations are global in size and high value-added commodities
The company’s industrial chain clusters and ancillary facilities are able to capture excess gains when they bring about a significant low climate. (1) The size of the company’s ethylene installations and key indicators, such as ethylene harvests, and the commercialization rate of the refinery, are in the hands of the country’s authorities.
First, the product ethylene ethylene is accompanied by its own downstream polyester, which can maintain the reasonable benefits of the ethylene-ethylene-polyester chain at a low industrial temperature.
(2) The advantages of low public engineering and transport costs associated with self-contained public works and industrial clusters are significant, and we believe that companies have scarce attributes in the domestic private refining chain of integrated polyesters, giving the first risk of a large one-way decline in crude oil.
4. Geopolitical risk 5. The project is not as fast as expected 6. Companies ' large-scale elimination of the risk of large-scale fluctuations in the exchange rate of $7.00.
Core logic The refining industry is a typical cycle industry subject to fluctuations in crude oil, price fluctuations in finished oils, bulk chemicals.
There are two ways to enhance the profitability of the refining device:
The first is to raise the size of the refinery, reduce the cost of crude oil in the refinery, and increase the commercialization rate of high value added. Most of the country’s two barrels of oil refineries are dominated by heavy refineries, most of which treat heavy oil with delayed coke or fixed-bed oil with hydrogen-catalysed fission processes, which are very rare.
At present, most of the country's refineries are not recycled. Tons of tons/year. And the average size of two barrels of oil refineries is less than 7 million tons, and the scale effects are still large.
To benefit from the imo2020 new rules......the addition of aromatic hydrocarbons and higher-class lubricants would increase the profitability of oil refineries, reduce oil flaring, fuel oil, asphalt, refinery dry gas, etc. can reduce low-value-added output. Second, deep processing extends into the petrochemical industrial chain and operates vertically.
The country’s two barrel refineries generally extend upstream to refining, mainly to produce bulk chemicals, and do not continue to extend downstream. Domestic private companies are expected to be able to extend the petrochemical chain into petrochemicals in the future.
In the case of plastics, it is not concentrated in a single product, but in high-value-added products that extend to a wide range of areas, reaping the overall profits of the entire industry chain.
It takes time and capital to accumulate. It is consistent with most of the country’s refineries upstream in refining, and even less so because of the early construction times. But in the petrochemical sub-prime industries, the chain of industries is opened to cover every high-value-added product, which is not generally available in the country’s refineries.
1.2 The recommended core logic of helium petrochemicals 1.2.1 Helium refinery crude oils are the meanest in the country and the whole hydrogen process drains the heavy oil (1) Helium petrochemicals are the meanest of the crude oils in the country's refineries and saves on the cost of crude oil.
The ratio of ton barrels at the Helium Refinery Plant to only 7.07 means that the price of crude oil per ton is 3.5% less than that of 7.33 ton barrels at the Brent crude oil, which, based on a US$65/barrell price estimate, saves $2.3 billion per year in crude oil purchases.
This advantage is magnified by the increase in oil price differentials between high sulfur/low sulfur plains, based on light/heavy oil. (2) The Heath Refining Plant is the highest-value-added commercialized refinery with the highest raw material, but due to its high secondary/triple processing capacity for crude oil.
The high value-added commercialization rate of refineries is a significant advance. The high value-added commodity ratio of helium petrochemicals has reached 91% (note 3), making a significant leap in the processing capacity of ordinary refineries in the current market, as a result of dry gas recovery of light hydrocarbons while heavy oil and hydrogen are depleted.
Light oil harvest = (gas + kerosene + diesel + chemical light oil + benzene +px) / crude oil processing, light oil meaning 95 per cent final distillation of less than 365 degrees. 2. 240,000 tons of helium gas from coal in raw materials are not taken into account, and if helium gas is considered to fall to 99 per cent. 3. Non-high value added commodities include the following categories, heavy aromatic hydrocarbons, heavy asphalt, sulphur, and the methane fuel gas component of dry gas, which are still used by the denominators
The high rate of high value-added commodities in refineries stems from the two cores: heavy oil, with a fully hydrogenized process, with a hydrogen-scale country leading, and maximum conversion of heavy oil. The large scale of hydrogen, which means that heavy oil is the most powerful shift to light oil, gives the shard petrochemical oil dry.
The largest consumption of hydrogen in domestic refineries, but the low cost of coal-based hydrogen partially compensates for the high processing cost of tons of crude oil due to the large scale of hydrogen. The Helium Refinery uses boiling-bed oil for hydrogen, which is fixed compared to more than 90% of domestic installations.
Subsoil oil hydrogen-filling units, whose conversion rate is at least 30 to 35 per cent higher, i.e. an increase in the capacity of 1.8 million tonnes/year slag oil to convert to light oil. 6 million tonnes/year slag-based hydrogen-filling units produce only a low-value-added product load of tens of thousands per hour. Because coal-based hydrogen costs are lowest, theoretical cost savings are achieved per ton of gas-based hydrogen.
More than $300, to some extent, compensates for the slightly higher cost of the heating process. (Note: Helium gas cost estimates are shown in tables 37-38) The country ' s largest 1.1 million tonnes/year refinery dry gas recovery facility fully recovers the light hydrocarbons from the refinery ' s dry gas.
Refineries recover 492,000 tons of ethane per year, ipg 215,000 tons, and carbon 5.99 million tons, all of which are used as raw materials for the ethylene device ' s fission furnaces.
The unit costs 200 yuan per ton of product processing, and the cost of ethane does not exceed 1900 yuan. The cost of imported ethane in the United States is 48 cents per ton of freight per ton + the price of Montpelbtu / mmbtu, converted into a national c.o. $3,600 per ton. The cost of ethane per ton is saved at approximately $1,700, ipg/carbon.
The dry gas premium is also over $1,200 per ton. (Note: ethane 1700/t *492,000 tonnes + lpg/tC5 314,000 tonnes * 1,200/t= 1,210 million) 1.2.2 At the core of the px-pta/ethylene diol to polyester whole-sector chain, the process is further processed to increase product value added
1. Joint (px) device characteristics (1) Px long-flow single-line size of 2.25 million tonnes/year is now a global leader. (2) Px is technologically advanced, using axens light desorption processes and low-temperature thermal power generation technologies.
The total energy consumption has been reduced by close to one third, and the device has changed from electricity consumption to net external transmission. The constant refining of single-ton px processing costs have been reduced to $1450 per ton, which means that the advantage over Japanese and Korean imports of px is between 800 and 1,000 yuan and 450 to 650 dollars below the cost of processing two barrels of oil from other long processes in the country.
2. Persistence pta characteristics: (i) Helium petrochemical pta currently has a domestic production capability with an actual total production of about 7 million tonnes per year for the three lines. 12 million tonnes per year will be produced by pta-4/5 after production in 2021, with company pta rights
(ii) The new pta-4/5 is based on the U.S. Wittap8+ technique, and px and acetic acid monopolization are reduced by about $150 per ton compared to the p7 process in Uttar Pradesh.
3. Stereoethylene-ethylene ethylene characteristic (1) Stereotyrene 1.5 million tonnes/Annual Ethylene device leads the domestic scale, with 1.2 million tonnes/year, typical 800,000 tonnes/year; in constant strength
As the petroethylene device becomes the largest ethylene device in the country, it is consistent with the industry ' s tendency to lighten the raw material, with the main indicators leading the comparison between the petrochemical sub-optimal device and the domestic steam fission device.
The main raw material of HCM is carbon hexafluoride, lpg, light stone oils and dry gas recovered light hydrocarbons, with an ethylene harvest of 48 per cent and a high adjoining rate of 66.4 per cent (not taking into account the production of fracked gasoline benzene). The indicator is that HCM has a clear advantage over existing petrochemical units.
In comparison to China’s petrochemical ethylene harvest in 2018, the highest ethylene harvest rate was 36.67%, and in China’s coastal region, the high yield rate was 62.37%. The design energy for stellar ethylene was consumed at 542 kg of oil/tonne of ethylene, which is at the top of domestic ethylene installation consumption.
Position. In the petrochemical system in mid-2018, the energy consumption is currently at a minimum of 515 kg of oil, with an average energy consumption of 552.08 kg of oil. ethylene, acetylene, butadiene, hydrogen gas, total benzene as a proportion of the raw material
The H290 million/year ethanol device is the largest in the domestic ethylene feedstock ethylene device, and the sd process (sd, shell, uccc is more than 95% of all processes) in the three core processes using ethylene feedstocks.
Devices have a certain competitive advantage in ethylene feedstock ethylene devices. 4. The characteristics of longline polyesters: The current three main categories of persistent polyesters are: long wires, thin film and engineering plastics.
Longline products are mostly fdy-based and partly dty. There is a high proportion of the fined products and value-added of the products in the constant elixir products. Production is not the same as other polyester longlines, but profits lead the polyester plates. Longline development is highly inputd, new varieties are produced, and the customer is more sticky.
In addition, constant strength expands to pbt engineering plastics, bopet film, spreading polyester products and effectively reducing the risk of a single product. 1.2.3 Self-financing utility consumption and industrial clusters entail low-cost electricity and transport costs
1. Coal-fired thermal power plants are equipped with 7 x 670 tonnes/h cfb boilers and 8 x 50,000 kW pumped back-pressure wheels, multi-stage vapour and reliable power supplies according to process requirements for the refining integration project, which are fully capable of meeting the need for full-scale energy-refining devices for energy ladder utilization.
The pre-depreciation cost of electricity generation in Liaoning province was estimated to be only around $0.01957/degree in 2017, and the depreciation is expected to be below $ 0.3/degree, which is significantly lower than the price of electricity purchased on the Internet for 0.52/degree of high industrial power in Liaoning province.
Low transport costs for the industrial chain. The px-pta and acetic acid-pta tubes can save logistics storage and taxes, at a cost of about $400 million.
Figure 5: 7,670 tonnes/hour coal-fired thermal power plants Figure 6: Longjing Island is only 150 km from the island of Qin and coal freight is cheap
1.2.4 Government tax policy support, value added tax (VAT) and income tax local retention component “4 by 6” The consistent refining of 20 million tonnes/year refining integration project has been supported by the Government's policy.
In the spirit of the document, it is stated that “locals and enterprises must work ahead of the project and strive to start work as soon as possible.” Heath refining is one of the largest modern refining projects approved by the State.
The Agreement on Investment Cooperation, signed on 5 December 2013, provides that: “The retained portion of the enterprise income tax area (all municipal/district or county levels, or 40 per cent) and the retained portion of the value added tax area (all municipal/district or district levels, or 25 per cent), for the first four years
The full fiscal incentive is given to the enterprise, which is reduced by half in the next six years.” According to the tax burden of 2015-2019 on the annual average price return to the full yield of the retroactive device, the previous four years had seen a theoretical tax exemption of 2.5 to 3.5 billion dollars per year, with a marked increase in government tax cuts.
The core competitiveness of the longline petrochemical px product is the lowest cost. Stereochemical is the largest in the country.
Long-flow aromatic process manufacturers. A single suite of 2.25 million tonnes/year, with a global leader in scale effects. There is no competition for px because the product is a non-differentiated mass of chemicals. The core of the px competition is that the cost is ahead of the market.
The technical advantages of the px device are reflected in two main aspects: on the one hand, the reduction of two towers in the process and the associated systems through the introduction of light desorption processes, and on the other hand, the relatively low boiling point of the desorption totoluene relative to pteb (diethylene) but the return.
There is a slight increase in the flow ratio (which can be reduced by increasing the number of separation stages (high towers)). In both cases, investment and operating costs have declined somewhat. The core of low-temperature thermal power plants is the low-temperature heat source for dry px units (usually 90-160 degrees hot water).
Using low-temperature heat, often without recovery, it can be used directly to cool down to about 40 degrees, wasting heat and increasing recycling. Low-temperature thermal power is the solution to the higher heat levels in the aromatics complex.
100 degrees of electricity consumption has been reduced to external transmission. 170 million dollars have been invested to recover 150 million degrees of electricity per year on the basis of measurements of a 600,000 tons/year px set-up of low-temperature thermal power generation units in the country, with annual electricity revenue at a cost of 0.52 yuan per degree of electricity.
Also, as the use of low-temperature heat saves 362 tons of cooled water per hour, and at 0.23 ton per ton per ton per ton, it reduces the consumption of 670,000 ton per ton per year, the low-temperature thermal power generation technology recovers costs in only about two years. Energy consumption per ton of px will drop by 45 to 140 kg, while the combined energy consumption per ton of px is not.
Given the size advantages of constant petrochemicals, we conclude that low-temperature thermal power generation will be higher than the reference device mentioned above. 2. Based on the size advantages of the constant px 2.25 million tonnes/uniline*2 lines, we extrapolate that economic efficiency is better than the low-temperature thermal power plant described in the text.
The advantages of the size of the px device are explained by the prevailing characteristics of the px currently in existence in the country: large-scale over 2 million tons of px are people’s companies, which generally use short processes in addition to the new major refining.
The size of the px installations of the State enterprise is related to two technical lines, namely, sylene and silicon. In other words, the input material is the input material.
Line matching, what is technically appropriate to do, is to consider a series of refinery surveys. But considering the economy, it's relatively small, it's not oriented towards economic interests, it's focused on the px. The public's misunderstanding of the px is that, in order to maximize the benefits of society, it's not widespread after 2010.
There are new px devices. Private companies are reluctant to produce large quantities of oil to make px, mostly for near-pta-polyester devices, because there are no sales packages for downstream finished oils.
Fuel oils, processing px to match pta companies under their flag or around them, have a better scale effect, although the process is shorter. The difference between private refining and the cost of Japanese-Korean enterprises is found mainly in four links:
1. The processing profits from crude oil to lime oil can be derived from large refining as opposed to short-flow enterprises in Japan, with a cost savings of $355 per ton per ton based on the five-year average price difference between Japanese sulfur oil cfr-Brent crude oil and the processing cost of single tons of crude oil to sulfur oil.
2. The large-scale px device has a significant size advantage over the Japanese-Korean px device: Korea has an average px capacity of 620,000 tonnes/year, while Japan has an average px capacity of 329,000 tonnes/year.
Based on the economics of 5 million tonnes/year refineries (with 1.5 million tonnes of recombinant and 600,000 tonnes of px) and 28 million tonnes of petrochemicals (with 24.5 million tonnes of recombinant and 22 million tonnes of px), we conclude that only the technological advantages of scale are taken into account and that the cost per ton per ton of px processing is lower than daily for private large-scale refining.
3. Japan’s px will have to pay 2% of customs duties, port loading charges and freight charges of about US$ 20 per ton per ton, saving customs duties of US$120 per ton per ton per ton per px (excluding tax prices).
The port handling fee of $50 and the freight cost of $131 (US$ 19, United States dollar exchange rate of 6.9) were considered.4 The Japan Korean President ' s process export-oriented px device would opt out at a px price at a cash cost + (200~250) in advance and would profit from the incorporation of the px device ' s raw materials into gasoline.
The higher the profit from gasoline, the sooner the Japanese and Korean companies choose to quit. 2.2 The propa product characteristics of the hemorrhoid petrochemical 2.2.1 pta industry patterns
At present, the country has a nominal capacity of 52.42 million tons of pta and a real effective capacity of 4,722 million tons, while, according to the middle fibre network data, the country produced 4,056 million tons of pta and 4,561 million tons of polyester in 2018, without considering other uses of pta, such as pbt, ptt, dotp, etc., pta is concentrated in pet
The use of esters has reached 96.7% and the pta industry is currently in a tight balance, with any effective capacity to stop the 5 million tons of installations causing significant market fluctuations in pta, which currently has a supply side pattern of 90% of the market share in the top 10 enterprises and has a persistent petrochemical presence.
Once line pta4/5 is in operation, the marginal supply of the first two companies is 65% of the marginal supply of pta (without strategic agreement or self-sufficiency). Based on the data below, we can basically judge that the bargaining power of the pta is strong and can be based on the market.
The selective placement of pta, which makes the industry chain profitable between px, pta and polyester, is the best 2.2.2 pta bid system, and there are often two misunderstandings in the market with regard to pta settlement price determination.
Most markets are wrong in their view of the price of the goods to calculate the price of the stulfide. In this year, the current price difference was raised at one time to $1,000 per ton, and if futures prices were used to calculate profits, the actual profit of stulffide would be clearly underestimated.
The market custom is to use pta ink prices drawn from databases like Wind to determine the constant pta in petrochemical prices.
The profit scale of the pta chain can easily be underestimated. 2. Inner average price refers to the average monthly price of the ptaccfei in ccfei for the cost of a new 4/5th line of helium petrochemicals.
Helium peta-4/5 is a leading cost using the British Widthap8 process. The main technologies at pta are bp amoco and Angveda. According to two of the most recent bp sets available in the country, compared to the single mountain of the British Widges technology facility, Pulsification and Helium Pulse No. 5, the latest technology in the British Width p8 versus bp
There are advantages, but the basic cost differences are small, but there are significant polyester product characteristics of 2.3 constant petrochemicals relative to the average costs of the pta industry. The core polyester competitiveness of hemolytic petrochemicals lies in differentiation and high premium.
Polyesters are not large overall, but relatively high premiums are obtained due to the strong properties of differentiation. The energy of fine constants is mainly produced at the production level of fdy/dty and basically non-poy. Discrepancies of silk are characterized by a relatively small market volume for single species, although the premium is higher; and because of the spread of thinners due to differences.
The effect of the scale effect on cost reduction is not evident, as the prevalence of polymerization remains at around 200,000 to 300,000 tonnes/year.The total volume of hemolytyl polyester products in 2018 was about 2.65 million tonnes, distributed over long wires, slices, films, etc.
Engineering plastics in four areas. Stereochemical long wires are characterized by: (1) heterogeneous properties, with long-strength silk products dominated mainly by fdy and dominated by 20d to 100d
Specifications, less than 7d products can only be produced consistently in the country. (2) The product has a strong premium. Due to the stable quality of the product, the price of the same type of product is high. 300 to 1,000 yuan per ton of the same industry, the constant introduction of new products that lead to the development of the industry, profitable water.
In terms of research and development costs, helium petrochemicals are the most heavily invested in long-wire research and development. By adapting equipment and developing new types of fibres, such as composite silk, the rate of new products continues to increase.
High-technology firms account for 100% of the long-sleeved output of three companies. And other long-silenced companies in the same industry, whose subsidiaries generally have only one or two high-rises, produce 10-20% more than their companies generally produce, reflecting, in part, the results of high-level R & D inputs.
2.4. Detergenesis downstream feature 2.4.1 Detergenerate longline terminals landed in spinning suits, highly linked to domestic gdp, and we believe that the future downstream demand for long wires will not increase at a rate less than the lowest 6.7 per cent in the last five years.
As the downstream of the crude oil-px-pta-polyester-silve chain, textile clothing is a consumer necessity for residents. Based on the same increase in retail sales of textile clothing and gdp (current prices), we find that the rate of increase in the textile apparel industry is directly related to the high rate of gdp growth, with coefficients between 2002 and 2018 reaching
At the same time, we find that, although the pace of growth in the gdp has declined in recent years into the new normal phase, the textile and clothing industry in retail terms averaged 8.8 per cent in the year (2014-2018), down from 6.7 per cent in the first half of 2016.
China’s polyester industrial chain is irreplaceable globally, and in terms of its global dimensions, ellipse is still the world’s leading textile raw material. According to the Japan Chemical Fibres Association of 2018, textile fibre production in the world’s leading countries in 2017
Moreover, we can see that chemical fibres (optics) account for 71.7 per cent of all textile raw materials, and cotton is only the cheapest of all textile materials, compared to cotton, thorium, ammonium, nylon, and that detergents are highly differentiated and can be produced through a range of modifications or silking devices.
China ' s fibre optics accounted for 70.7% of the world in 2017, while China ' s polyesters accounted for 81.6% of chemical fibres. In other words, if polyesters only serve as textile materials on their own, China ' s polyester industry is.
Of the world’s 7.5 billion people, 3.1 billion (41.4%) provide clothing raw materials. Considering that detergents are mainly used for mixing with other fibres, the global population will be affected even more.
iii. Hemospheric petrochemicals, with the worst oils, making the best product 3.1 the most heavy domestic raw material - the primary unit of the refinery used heavy high-sulphur crude oil. The first set of units at the refinery is the constant pressure-relief device, which is often of the same size as the constant pressure-relief device.
Material size is known. The typical process is electrode salt-pressure distillation-reducing distillation. From an investment point of view, the unit processing capacity for the construction of pressure relief devices is about $50-70/ton, of which the crude oil properties and device modulus are the main factors influencing the investment in constant depressure. However, the cost of crude oil is the core of the constant decompression device.
The helium petrochemical device uses sand, sand weight, and marin heavy oil as raw materials. Its api averages around 30. We usually use light oil as a price indicator for international crude oil futures, whether well-known Brent crude oil or wti crude oil, as light oil.
The application of heavy crude oil to the force petrochemicals means that the ratio of tons to barrels is very low, and the discount between the heavy oils reduces the cost of the original single ton very significantly.
1 shipping fee of approximately $2~2.5 per barrel 4 foreign trade charges/bank finance 5 terminal handling costs
After the landing of crude oil, there will usually be domestic freight costs for most marine refining enterprises, which cost about 0.15 - 0.2 ton per piped transport, and for unmanageable refining units, the following options are usually available:
Rail tanker transport Inland river transport Motor transport
As a result of the construction of crude oil docks, which are accompanied by crude oil pipelines and reservoirs, there has been a significant reduction in domestic freight costs. However, as Dalian is located north, the ocean transport is relatively remote from China’s east and south, and the ocean transport is slightly behind.
With regard to crude oil storage, the dependence on ocean transport is more pronounced, given the high degree of domestic dependence on crude oil imports, usually for an offshore transport storage cycle of 20 days, while ocean transport reserves are usually 30-45 days. There is a price of crude oil and an open exchange rate of the United States dollar/PRC during this period.
The core of the operating costs of the constant pressure-relief devices is the fuel power consumption end and the operation of the single ton of crude oil's constant pressure-relief devices.
Costs are often around $25-30, such as depreciation, repair costs, other manufacturing costs, and around $35-40.
Depressure distillation or depressure-deeping techniques are mainly available in companies such as kbc, shell, em, jgc. The same technology is available in the country's sei, lpec. The depressure-deeping is done through appropriate increases in the temperature at the end of the feed of the depressurization tower, in high vacuum conditions.
Increases the decompression distillation rate, ensures the quality of the product, and ensures the long cycle of heat furnaces and depressurization towers.
The light fraction of °C does not exceed 5%, and the constant petrochemicals, through the use of a number of advanced technologies, give their normal pressure relief devices the ability to process high-sulphur heavy grade oils.
Stereochemical oils consist mainly of the following types: 4. lubricant oil base oils. In future finished oils, the co-effects of additional and deproductive energy need to be seen.
On the one hand, there is an increase in domestic production of finished oils, and on the other hand, there is an integration of refining. The country’s new refining capacity for the next five years is divided into two main categories, the first being three barrels of oil expansion, and the second is a private refining project.
Some of the country's more definitive oil refining projects up to 2025 include central petrochemicals, gullian refining, and smelting. In the light of the new production capacity, the refining of oil in the next five years is usually reduced.
The increase in new production capacity (including constant petrochemicals, Steroids I and Psychics I) is about 130 million tons, to the right, and the production of finished oil can reach about 60 million tons, while in 2017 the country produced 272 million tons of normal depressure, and in Shandong it usually depressures about 170 million tons.
In November 2018, Shandong Province launched the Implementation Programme for Accelerated Launching of Quality Development in Energy-intensive Industries, which proposes a phased transfer of less than 5 million tons of refineries by 2025.
The production capacity of the actual finished oil supply has declined slightly without taking into account the local government’s protection of the refinery. On the demand side, the downstream of the refinery is concentrated mainly on energy consumption by travelling vehicles and petrochemical products.
The demand for diesel fuel for finished oils has not grown well, as reflected in the low and declining rate of apparent consumption of gasoline (3.1 per cent), and the negative growth of diesel fuel to some extent. The main influence is the gradual replacement of new energy vehicles and the increase in engine fuel efficiency.
According to the 2020 plan of the Ministry of Information and Communications, the average fuel consumption per vehicle dropped to less than 5 litres per 100 km. As fuel efficiency continues to increase, the number of cars per vehicle has increased, but the gasoline consumed by the vehicle has subsided.
In addition, State policies to encourage new energy vehicles, such as hydrogen energy, lang, electric cars, on the one hand, by subsidizing new energy vehicles, and on the other hand by reducing or relieving some of their taxes, provide solid policy guarantees for the development of the new energy automobile industry and, on the other hand, by inhibiting the use of gasoline.
The country benefits from the rapid development of airports and aviation. The continued growth of our national disposable income, aircraft holdings, and new airports has contributed to a high growth in the total volume of aviation turnover.
Quicker. Passengers and aircraft landings at the main airports of the country have continued to grow at a relatively rapid rate. Chart 26: Aircraft landings at the main airports of the country (exceeds) - Refrigeration of ethane/olefins in refineries with deep gas cooling oil.
The high-value-added components of the dry gas species of refined oil are fully recovered by the force petrochemicals, where ethane propane is used as a feedstock for the ethylene device, which has a higher rate of recovery of biscene, with only a small number of devices recovering the catalytic fission/focal dry gas, using the following techniques:
Light cold oil absorption process in North Chemical Institute 2 Rums/Desinib deep cold oil absorption technology 3 transform-pressure adsorption process
This is due to the presence of acetylene in catalytic and caramel dry gases, which have a higher direct recovery value; for other dry gases, which are directly fuel gas and are not recovered from ethylpropane; and for all of which, using the technology of technip in France, deep-cold oil absorption process is used.
The recovery of ethane/propane in the dry gas of the refinery, as a feedstock for the ethylene device, caters for the current trend of light-massification of the raw material of the ethylene device, on the one hand, and takes full advantage of the high additional values of ethylene, acrylic, ethane and propane in the dry gas of the refinery, on the other.
Figure 28: Dry gas recovery process at a refinery in Desinib The size of a hemospheric petrochemical refinery dry gas recovery device reached 1.8 million tonnes/year, creating a new record of the largest refinery dry gas recovery unit in the country, recovering approximately 500,000 tonnes/year of ethane and 240,000 tonnes of propane, capable of production
The largest recovery facility in the country was the 230,000 tonnes/year dry gas recovery facility in China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China and China.
There are often many options for deep processing of gas at a hydrocrystal carbon tri-carbon depth. The processing of gas at a refinery, both domestic and foreign, can be summarized as follows.
(1) Production of high-octane gasoline components, which is the most important destination for gas processing in refineries (2) for the production of solvents or synthetic organic materials (3) as a hydrocarbon or hydrogen feedstock
In the case of hemosome petrochemicals, the main purpose of the lpg treatment is the production of high-value gasoline. First, it uses carbon tri-carbon tetrahydroxide technology to convert the propg propane into propylene, and the isobutane into isobutylene, and separates it. The apropylene is used for polypropylene, while the carbon part produces alkylated oil.
In the past, the more common processes were the uop/oleflex process, the catofin process in Rums (cbi lummus) and the uhdestar process. The process route developed jointly by snamprogetti and Linde/statoil/Borealis has also been industrialized.
The hemorrhified carbon tri-carbon tetrahydrogen is designed by Rumsus for the transfer of technology and engineering for propane and butane dehydration devices. The device will use catofin catalytic dehydration techniques and catofin (hgm) tailored catalytic and thermal materials containing 300,000 tonnes/year propane and 600,000 tonnes/year apitine.
The device will be the largest single series of dehydration devices. The catofin technology allows for the co-processing of multiple feed components.
In terms of energy consumption, 450,000 tons of the combined energy of the propane dehydration device of the oleflex process is spent on 481 kg oils, the cost of removing raw propanes and the cost of full processing is $900 per ton of products.The main cost impact factor for the HFA product is the lpg price, 88%, followed by the investment cost (package).
With depreciation amortized, financial costs. The project, based on the size of 450,000 tons a year, invests 1.8 billion dollars in construction, right, and 12.44% in post-tax internal returns with a price difference of $2,300 for propane. We judge that the project is larger than the conventional pdh device, and that it is refined and integrated.
Camp, with a lower cost of propane, the device is more profitable than the above-mentioned device of 450,000 tonnes/year.
There are two typical catalytic processes for alkylization, the first with sulphuric acid as a catalyst, and the other with hydrofluoric acid as a catalyst.
Combination (high octane). The typical chemical reaction is: 2-butylene + isobutane - 224-trimethylpene (ron100) acetylene + isobutane - 23-dimethylpene (ron91)
2-methyl2-butylene + isobutane - 225-trimethylhexane (ron91) with sulphatic alkylated processes predominantly the Stratco process in Dubon, the Mobil process and the cdalky process in Rums, while HFA is the most representative lf of Honiwelup
The hydrofluoric acid and sulfate alkylated oils programme, each of which has advantages and no apparent high or low points. Hydrofluoric acids consume 0.6 kg per ton of acid and sulphuric acid per ton of acid per ton of acid.
48.5 kg-80kg, often used to treat waste acid slags, has sulphatic acid recovery devices. However, because hydrofluoride is very corrosive, the equipment is very demanding, Monel alloys are used, and investments from a single alkylized device are significantly higher than a sulphate alkylated device. For example, 160,000 tonnes/year sulphate alkylated device has a single ton of product capacity.
It is consumed around 140 kg of oil. The energy of the hydrofluorate alkylated oil product is consumed around 158 kg of oil.Alkylated oil is a very good gas modifier and the addition of mtbe, because it does not contain aromatic hydrocarbons/folates and has a high octane value.
Mtbe is an important gas additive, which is more soluble with gasoline, increasing not only the octane value of gasoline, but also the oxygen content of gasoline. However, domestic gasoline-added policies have a certain impact on mtbe production.
ethanol, then mtbe will not be able to continue adding oxygen to gasoline for profit. At that time, mtbe devices will need to be modified to produce coiled gasoline, or other fine chemicals, such as high pseudobutylene, which is currently the best alternative, while mma, pib, is market-friendly.
Small enough to carry the market gap created by mtbe's exit. The mtbe device is based on isobutylene and methanol. Usually the carbon in the refinery is eathed before it goes to the alkylized device. Normally, the mtbe device is divided into refining and chemical combinations.
The congener ' s by-product butene-1 is used as a single body for the lldpe device. The total conversion rate for both technologies is more than 99%. Methanol/carbon tetra-etherizers - catalytic distillation - methanol extraction towers - methanol recovery towers - surplus methanol
(by-product mtbe) (by-product c4) 3.4 Helium petrochemical device finished oil modulation and components.
dao - sdasolvahl de asphaltation device full-cycle hydrocrackinghyk
3. Isochemical oil plus hydrogen head oil 4.mtbe/alkane-based oils
A portion of the gasoline component can be replaced with acetylene or aromatic material after driving in an ethylene device. A part of the material can be used as feedstock in aromatic systems, and a part of the product can be sold as a product alone.
Hydrogen fission non-conversion oil 2. Wax oil fission result in diesel fuel
Lubricating oil isomer de-frayed diesel fuel The kerosene composition is adjusted mainly through the following components: 1. Distilled hydrogen-suggested kerosene
2. The waxed oil with fission kerosene, in order to maximize the feed of aromatic aromatic devices, distilled diesel fuel, and the slag oil with hydrogen-based diesel fuel, using the full-cycle process, maximized the output of the hydrogen fission process with heavy sulfate.
The three types of lubricating oil are mainly obtained through the process where the lubricant base oils are obtained. The three types of lubricant base oils are produced through hydrogen isomer de waxing, and so on. The higher the lubricant category, the higher the value added. The two types of lubricant are currently relatively surplus in the country.
But there are some gaps in the production capacity of the three types of lubricating oil base. 3.5 The largest in the country — constant boiling bed plus hydrogen to boost light oil production — is not currently known in the market for boiling bed plus hydrogen, and this is the country's next-generation coal oil and town seas.
After refining, the third boiling bed plus hydrogen process. Compared with the current fixed bed plus hydrogen process in the country, the boiling bed process is able to transform the slag oil to a greater extent by producing hydrogen wax oil/heavy oil below 538 degrees, allowing it to be further processed into high-value-added light oil, which in large part solves the problem of heavy oil not being depleted.
The process is generally not well understood in the country. The core of the slag oil plus hydrogen lies in the removal of impurities (nitrogen, sulphur, carbon residues, metals) in the slag oil, and the transformation of the tar into light oil by the thermal cracking of the asphalt and hydrogen.
Figure 32: The typical h-oil process currently representative of the boiling bed process is the axens h-oil process and the clg lc-fining/lc-max process. The current axens h-oil process is as follows, the core of the device is boiling.
The bed-to-be reactor and boiler pump. The bed-to-boiling bed has more than 20 layers, with different catalysts. The front end is mainly pre-treated, de-metal (hdm), de-sulphur (hds), de-nitrous (hdn), de-fertile (hda), and the back end is dominated by hydrogen thermal cracking (hck).
The constant boiling bed plus hydrogen is at 85% to 90%. On the surface, 6 million tonnes of boiling, and the tonic oil plus hydrogen unit feed, and eventually only 640,000 tonnes of heavy asphalt and a small amount of dry gas for low-value-added products, all of which have been converted into light oil, wax oil, and hydrogen tailings.
With further hydrogen fission or hydrogen finer production into high-value added thallium lubricant and light oils, the maximum hydrogen for domestic refineries — constant use of whole-hydrogen processes, constant use of full-hydrogen processes, slag oil with hydrogen fission, wax oil with hydrogen fission, diesel fuel with hydrogen cracking and oil products
The hydrogen-filling process is aimed, on the one hand, at the domestic upgrading of oil, and, on the other hand, at the increase in the hydrogenification of heavy oil, the increase in the production rate of heavy sulfur. For the hydrogen-filling unit, the core of the hydrogen-fracking device is that
The process is usually divided into three types, once through, the tail oil cycle and two hydrogen-filled full-cycle processes. The constant fossilized diesel-hydrogen fission is based on a full-cycle process. The two other sets of hydrogen-combined fissions are multi-agent combinations.
The hydrogen fission process allows for the choice of multi-yielding diesel or polycephaly oil. 2 million tonnes/year of fuel per ton of oil used as a source of 32.4 kg of oil per ton of oil used as a break-up by wax oil, and the tail oils used as a break-up at 38 kg per ton of oil used as a source of oil, while the full cycle of paracephate-type waxed energy consumed as a source of energy.
49 kg per ton of oil. Energy consumption is concentrated on electricity, steam and fuel. Devices and material balance are as follows.
3.6 The constant use of hydrogen in coal and the low cost of hydrogen in whole-hydrogen processes notwithstanding, the helium petrochemical device uses the whole-hydrogen process and costs the higher volume of hydrogen consumed and the consequent high cost of hydrogen in relation to the process route of the catalytic fission device.
Stereochemical uses the currently least costly gas gas-chemical helium technology, first coal-based synthetic gas, then separation of carbon and hydrogen oxides, separation of hydrogen from hydrogen-filling devices, conversion of carbon monoxide to the production of fuel gas, and substitution of fuel gas gaps from the dry gas recovery of refineries.
Figure 38: Hydrogen gas-based processes, in addition to coal-based hydrogen, some of the installations also have by-product hydrogen, which is carbon-tri-carbon-tri-carbon-dihydride, recombinant, ethylene-based, all of which produce part of the hydrogen, and supply refined oil for hydrogen when the psa is purified
Reference is made to a set of 10 million tonnes/year-scale refineries processing sulfur containing crude oil (2% sulfur mass score), with full hydrogen and maximum recombinant scale, product-based refining process based on the production of finished oils and chemical materials, finished oil meets national v emission standards, based on the minimum size of 90,000 m3/h required for independent hydrogen production units, for days.
A comparison is made between the gas and coal-based gas production processes. (1) Raw materials are based on a common domestic price of $2.5/m3 (excluding taxes, thermal value of 35948kj/m3) and coal of $450/t (excluding taxes, thermal value of 22990kj/kg).
(2) Outload of oxygen 0.5/m3; 3.5mpa steam 100/t, 1.0mpa steam 70/t; new fresh water 4/m3; electricity 0.56/(kw.h). Billion dollars. 5% residual value after 10 years of depreciation for devices; 3% repair cost per year, with financial cost at 70% of construction funds
(4) The comparison is for the installation boundary area, where investments are made free of land charges and ancillary storage facilities. The results of both scenarios are consistent with the result that natural gas-hydrogens are compared to coal-hydrogens.
3.7 Self-sufficiency - Co-generation of the Helithonic Power - Set up self-contained thermal power plants for the supply of electricity/steam at the lowest cost, with a total load of 520mw and an annual capacity of 468 million degrees of electricity.
The total electricity consumption of the constant oil refining units is 2,131 million degrees. The total electricity consumption of the constant ethylene and other chemical installations is 192mw. According to 8,400 hours, the total electricity consumption is 1,612.8 million degrees. The refining units consume more than 85 per cent of the installed electricity generated by the plants.
From 1 September 2018, the Liaoning district electricity price rate was set in accordance with the Liaoning Provincial Price Office Circular (Liaoning Provincial Price Office Circular on Matters Relating to Rational Adjustment of the Price Structure of the Power Prices) (2018] 58 yuan/degree. The amount of electricity saved was approximately 0.22 - 0.25 yuan, or about 1 billion yuan per year.
3.8 The largest ethylene device in the country - the helium ethylene device conforms to the industry's trend of lightening raw materials. Styl ethylene is the largest ethylene device in China today, with 1.5 million tonnes/year. The largest ethylene device in the past was 1.2 million tonnes/year, and the typical ethylene device currently planned in the country is 800,000 tonnes/year.
1 million tonnes. The constant ethylene device is mainly based on the stone&webster prepropane dehydration process, acquired in Desinib, France, using ethylene, lpg and quartz oil as feedstock for the ethylene device. The idea is consistent with the core concept of the current ethylene industry as lightweight.
The device is based on the sw-class Usc fission furnace process and the gas furnaces are significantly different from the layout of the liquid furnaces. The gas furnaces use the w-type tubes, while the liquid furnaces use the u-type tubes; the follow-on ERs use a two-stage classic configuration of usx+tle. As the fission furnaces account for more than 90% of the energy consumption of the ethylene device, they are quenched.
The flu temperature has been reduced to about 105 degrees, heat efficiency has been higher than 94%, and energy efficiency has been significant. The current trend in the industry is to lighten the feedstocks because the lighter the feedstocks, the higher the rate (ethylene +propylene).
Lpg and pyrocephaly oil fission rates are in the range of 45-55%. For gasoline, because of the presence of isomer hydrocarbons and aromatic hydrocarbons, the rate is further reduced to about 35%. The rate of ethylene sulfide is 44% and the rate of biene is 56%. It is derived from dry gas recovery.
The device recovered 500,000 tonnes of ethylene and its 1.27 million tonnes of c3-c6 n-alkanes. In other words, helithification can be considered as 400,000 tonnes/year ethylene fission + 500,000 tonnes of lpg fission ethylene device + 600,000 tonnes/young stone brain oil fission ethylene device.
Light hydrocarbons in the constant 1.8 million tonnes/year dry gas were originally used as fuel gas, so the cost was very low, with sub-co-changed fuel gases in water gas being replaced by extra-purchase natural gas. There was a clear competitive advantage over liquid ethane imported in the United States.
The ethylene device technology is a classic sw technique, which is currently in sequence with the Rums process, the ex-deethane process in Lindh, and the pre-depropane process in kbr constitute the global classic ethylene process. Almost 95% of the steam fission units worldwide use these processes. The pre-depropane process uses high-pressure pre-cryptone.
Aerodrome double towers, the hrs process of the pre-cold unit, the ethylene heat pump, the ethylene/propylene recombinant cooling process. Ethylene is installed at a maximum temperature of about 1,000 degrees for a cracker export (cot) with a minimum temperature of 165 degrees for hydrogen gas separation. Simulations of the pinchpointanalysis and the heat exchange process are performed through pinchpoint analysis.
Optimize, the energy of the cold-hot-flow unit is fully utilized, and the cold-gas-separated portion of the cold-gas unit has only recently had a 1.5-2°C difference. The fission gasoline plus hydrogen device uses core components for hydrogen, prioritizing the separation of carbon in the fracking gasoline.
With the carbon nine, and then with the carbon six-carbon eight-team hydrogen. So that carbon five and carbon nine can do a high-value-added separation process.
The ethylene coolant can be used for single-barrel tanks capable of evaporating 12 per 10,000 parts per day for liquid phase ethylene output and input of up to 1.65 million tonnes per hour, and the condensation of the condensed ethylene bubble gas using the acrylic cooling package equipment. The ethylene coolant can satisfy the low-temperature vessel, the ethylene device is driving, and the air is empty.
The need for various types of work is also a necessary device for the export of liquid ethylene, which is to be expanded in two dimensions in the future:
2. The state has two barrels of oil, Qingjia, Qingjia, Guray, Hainan, China Sr. 3. Light Hydrocarbon Fragmentation Project - which is currently more uncertain and has about 10 projects.
3.9 The largest in the country, the Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene-Ethylene plant using the sd process, is mainly based on coal, methanol, or crude oil.
As a domestic fdy/dty filamentary company, it is necessary to integrate the polyester chain into material self-sufficiency. For technical reasons, there are three typical processes, the sd process, the shell process and the shell process.
Dow(uccc) process, which accounts for 31 per cent, 38 per cent, 22 per cent, and 91 per cent of the three global ethylene ethanol process.Scientificdeign is 73 years old and is now Saudi Basic Industries and Colain.
The sd and shell processes are currently the most common ethanol mainstream process in the country, using silver-system catalysts.
The oxidation of ethylene to generate ethylene oxide and the catalytic hydration to produce ethylene diol. The initial catalytic selectivity (sor) of both the sd and shell processes reached 90% and the final selectivity (eor) was higher than 85%.
Imports of ethanol from ethane fission in the Middle East have hit the domestic market. Although domestic anti-dumping and tax increases have been imposed on ethanol in Europe and the United States, low-cost ethanol plus freight charges and tariffs (6.5 per cent) in the Middle East still have a relatively clear cost lead.
Whether coal-based ethanol can be used as a raw material for polyesters. Domestic coal-based ethanol has a certain cost advantage over petroleum-based ethanol, but due to the permeability and long filament rates, it is not currently spread in the use of long wires. More so for low-end long wires or other ethylene ethers, unsaturated polyesters.
These two main lines will continue to influence the future growth of ethanol in the country. The ethanol industry is experiencing a sustained rise in domestic production, while the rate of actual ethanol production in the country has remained constant at 60-70%, while the stock of ports continues to rise, resulting in a ethylity in the country.
The price of ethanol always hovers around the cost line. 3.10 Styrene size leads - the constant use of the badgerebmax process.Styrene downstream is mainly genericly specified polystyrene gpps. antisurgery polystyrene hips. volatilization.
Polystyreeps, butene rubber, as resins (also known as aa resins), abs resins, san resins, etc., are used in a wide range of applications. As a result of a gap in styrene production capacity, styrene devices are usually produced in two ways, the first being obtained from cracking gasoline through an ethylene device-carbon octide pumping.
In styrene monomer, the other is predominantly synthetic styrene. The method of synthesis is to produce ethylbenzene mainly in styrene plus ethylene and then ethylene oxide dehydrate, which allows for the option of catalytic oxidation or production of epoxypropane and styrene with acrylate.
2. Left axle styrene price unit: metre/tonne, right axle Māori unit: meta/tonne The hemolytic refining of phenyls is typical of the ferrete badgerebmax process, which is technologically mature for 56% of the world ' s styrene production capacity.
Low variable operating costs, very high rates of collection, lower shares of s/ethylene and benzene/biphenyl, maximum reduction in recovery and energy consumption
2. Low initial funding. High ethyl benzene is selected to reduce the size of the distillation tower. High catalyst activity reduces the volume of the reactor and the use of the catalyst 3. High reliability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Maintains a steady rate of harvest during the period. Catalysts live long and have a stable performance that reduces the frequency of replacements.
In May 1994, Chen Jianhua, in a wave of reform and opening up, purchased $3.69 million into a communal knitting plant in the town of Nam Jin, renamed the Wu Gang Built Factory, which was the first private entrepreneur of Wu Jiang to dare to eat crabs, and started the business career of the business platform.
By means of collective reform and the renovation of equipment, the Wu Giang chemical fabric factory took only one year to reverse the large losses in 1994 and to make a profit in 1995/1996, after which the resilience and the successful model of a series of South-Susan enterprises were summarized as the “Susan model”.
In the period 1997-2001, in the context of Asia’s “bottom-line” economy, the Gojiang has been struggling to recover.
The fibre-optic manufacturing plant, despite its difficulties at the end of the clothing demand, has been able to build itself, expand its debt, and the number of new year-long wasteless machines has reached more than 3,000, and weaving efficiency has increased considerably. At this point, the resilience has become a truly national weaving plant.
The company was restricted to driving, bringing the number of constant knitting machines to 12,000.
With an annual production capacity of 1.42 billion metres, a wide range of new surfaces developed autonomously have been patented, and many products have been awarded as prizes for the development of products in China’s popular flour and textile industries.
▪ Helium petrochemicals were established in 2003. Helium has been expanded from knitting to upstream polyesters, investing 2.2 billion  in high-speed polyester expansion in 2004-2009, and the Helium Fibres Ltd. produced 200,000 tons of superlighted silk in 2007 to fill the void in high-end silk production in the country.
January 2010: 200,000 tons of hemodynamic fibres per year of industrial silk production.  January 2011: 650,000 tons per year of hemodynamic fibres and 200,000 tons per year of German fibres per year.
In November 2011, the Helium (Southerton) New Textiles Estate was launched, and the project plans to invest 20 billion yuan in the construction of 2.4 million tonnes of annual differentiated, functional new fibres and intelligence, super-intelligents.
The new material imitation polyester became the largest single investment in new textile materials in the country. In May 2013, the first phase of the Helium (Southerton) New Textile Materials Industrial Park was officially launched, producing 400,000 tons of differentiated scrubbing silk per year.
Figure 49: Long-line packaging units of Helium Pulse polyesters (PPCs)  10 billion to build 600,000 tonnes/year bopets and 200,000 tonnes/year pbt engineering plastics  tons, 200,000 tonnes/year for the scrubber industrial silk, 650,000 tonnes/year for polyester slices and 200,000 tonnes/year for polyester slices
The pattern of pta production in 2012 changed sharply.
However, domestic pta production doubled in 2012, and the supply-demand relationship deteriorated rapidly, with profit pressures squeezing to the edge of the cost line. Most pta-polyester integration plants suffered from losses and suffering from polyester-profit anti-pta devices, struggling around the cost line.
The collapse of the petrochemicals/Shang Pox petrochemicals in the two pta Dragons, coupled with Japan's ability to clear the pta production, phase out the work or switch the production of the pia, thereby improving the pta supply and demand relationship. The pta winter is gradually passing.
pta-1/2/3, 3 lines totalling 6.6 million tonnes/year capacity, anti-protocol and anti-pollite petrochemicals, became the second-largest producer of pta after the country’s peaking petrochemicals, while the hemochemical pta-4/5 produced between 2020 and 2021 had a total capacity of 5 million tonnes/year.
The invistap8+ process will create a situation in which pta production capacity in the country is 50% of the country's effective capacity, with a glut and a constant pta unit, reaching 25 million tonnes/year, and two markets having a market share of nearly 50%.
The crude oil-px chain is the last chain in the polyester chain and the most difficult link in the current polyester integration; the barrier is not technology. The core of the px chain is the gradual rise of the domestic population.
Environmental awareness and ownership. A large portion of the country’s planning capacity for px was eventually delayed due to continued resistance from the local population. The px, which is far less toxic than benzene and toluene, was seriously misunderstood by the population.
In August 2014, the State Council document N.D. (2014)28 explicitly stated its support for the Heliumstone Integration Project and its efforts to start work as soon as possible. The construction of the Helium Pulse in Changjing Island began in 2015.
Construction of the 20 million tonnes/year refinery 1.5 million tonnes/year ethylene device and production of 4.5 million tonnes/yearpx as feedstock in its polyester industrial chain.
It was informed that the Office of the National Development and Reform Commission had issued a reply from the Office of the National Development Reform Commission on the use of imported crude oil for the Stereochemical Integration Project, in principle agreeing to the use of imported 20 million tons of crude oil per year for the Stereochemical Integration Project.
The oil trade team was formed in Singapore in June 2018. On December 15, 2018, the general pressure-relief device was placed in a drive, which culminated in an early, complete process, on May 17, 2019, bringing the whole industry chain together and capturing the price core of polyesters.
4.5 plastics match, but try to move beyond the ton ethylene device. The group has the second largest pvc capacity in the world, with plastics and optical materials, high-value-added industrial chains, approximately 1.35 million tons in polyester long wire end, similar to the constant.
In South Asia, where the total market value of plastics has reached nearly 700 billion people, the advantage is that it has the advantage of smelting one-size-fits-all devices.
ethylene units have a single suite capacity of 1.5 million tons, while plastic ethylene units of 3 million tons consist of three units with a maximum capacity of 1.2 million tons;
With an all-hydrogen process, the ability to regulate is weak, but the high value-added commodity ratio is very high, making it possible to run out of heavy-commodity oil. Although the hydrogen is large and the processing costs are relatively high, the low cost of coal hydrogen compensates for higher hydrogen consumption.
Helium petrochemicals are woven in fabrics, so they are technologically deposited in the silk-weaving chain. The most excellent degree of differentiation in the industry is the advantage of being put on stage by comparison with the Tai Chi group. The most commonly known is its super-facilities.
The weakness of the constant is that the high-value-added output of the final petrochemical product is insufficient. In addition to ethylene ethanol, which is used by the persistent petrochemical product itself, most of the other products are intermediates or bulk products, such as polyethylene, polypropylene, benzene, styrene, buttylene.
Diphenylene, mtbe. This is worth digging compared to the chain of industry that the company extends to butadiene/acrylene/styrene-abs, mma-pmma, phenphenol acetone-bisphenol a-polymer, carbon-five pull-up and phenyl-cpl-common-drapes, and these value-added chains of deep processing.
V. Sustained efficiency, the first thing to do, comes from its central control structure, which in 2018 generated $37,1.7 billion in total, and now ranks 235th in the world's 500th largest, Chinese company.
At present, the Helium Group has a constant petrochemicals stock code ("heavy petrochemical" stock code: 600346), a limited share of the Guangdong Songhai ceramics division ("Long hair" stock code: 603268), and a tourist resort in Wu Gang and Lake Lee, Suzhou, Inc.
Three listed companies, with production bases in Suzhou, Dalian, Cebu, Nanton, Barracks, etc. Helium petrochemicals came to the market in September 2015 with shell oaks.
The group transferred 29.98% of its holdings of large rubber shares to Helium petrochemicals; the company purchased 99.99% of Jiangsu Helium Fibres, Inc., by issuing shares in a non-public manner and collecting matching funds. In November 2016, the eviction notice was revoked and the official name was changed to Helium shares.
As a result of the introduction of the Helium Refinement Facility, which will generate more than 50 per cent of the company’s total revenue in the future, the company’s name is more clearly known as Helium Pulse, which is 29.72 per cent as a major shareholder, while the Helium Pulse and Convergence Actors hold the same share.
With 73.89 per cent of the company ' s shares and a strong concentration of ownership, the company has been able to concentrate its efforts on major issues. 5.2 Helium petrochemical large hand-backs and three employee-holding schemes have shown confidence in the future development of the enterprise.
To maximize the benefits of the group by joining forces with the interests of the company. Progress: To date, the constant chemistry has accumulated an additional eight shares of 7,019,775 shares, representing the total share capital of the company.
First Stakeholder Scheme: One Stakeholder Scheme Company completed stock purchase on December 28, 2017.
7,609,790 shares, representing 0.27 per cent of the company's total equity at that time, were paid in the amount of $92,199,299.41, and the second employee holding scheme: 2nd Employee Holdings Company, 3 September 2018, “Sing Guo: Helium petrochemical Phase 2”
The company’s second-phase employee holding plan has completed the purchase of the company’s shares.
On November 23, 2018, the company announced that the company would repurchase its shares in a centralized competitive exchange, and that the return ticket would be used for the equity incentive scheme. As of June 4, 2019, Yunnan International Trust, Helium petrochemicals 3rd Staff Holdings Pooled Funds Trust scheme was legally purchased/held by the Helium petrochemicals Corporation.
The accumulated repurchase of shares in the over-centralized competitive exchange of 87,015,274 shares in the company's current total stock stock, the Helium petrochemicals, through a series of large-scale buy-backs and three-phase employee-holding schemes, have enabled the employees of the company to bind to the Helium petrochemicals and to conspire in their development, and have also demonstrated the firm's confidence in the future.
We have separated the production of persistent segments based on previous operational data, and have combined the production of the refining units and the chemical units, based on the study of persistent petrochemicals, as a basis for measuring the production of persistent petrochemicals, with the following assumptions:
1. Long-widden rolls are completed with more than 60% of the equipment before the long-width device is able to drive normally. 2.2019/June/July/July/June/July/June/July/June/April 2020/April/April 2020/April/April/April/April/April/April/April/April/April/April/April/April/April/April/April/April/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/year/
We used the January-July 2019 product averages as the basis for the calculation, and based on the current industry structure 1. The px-former oil price gap was too large in the first quarter of 2019, and the px suffered a structural setback in late March in the case of the Helium Refining Facility driving. Our price difference for px-oil was from one quarter to one quarter.
3500 down to $2900 (approximately US$ 420). 2. Given that pta has profits that cannot be fully 100% of the px move, we deduct 10% of the px. Pta is considered to be only 90% of the px move.
3. For the highly differentiated properties of the helithonic polyester, the price and processing fee of the long silk and the thin membrane need to be returned in order to make the profit of the heterolysis long wire retroactive, we increased the civil longline of the heterogeneous wire by 2000 at the price of ccfei fdy150d and the processing fee was considered at $2043.
The price of the long wire of the industry is considered to increase by $3,500 at the price of ccfeifdy150d, the price of the processing fee is considered to increase by $1,700 at the price of ccfeifdy150d, the price of the processing fee is considered at the price of the slices at the price of ccfeifdy 150d, and the price of the processing fee is considered at $465.
The pbt price is based on a market price based on smooth petrochemicals, the cost of which is measured in accordance with the price formula. Figure 54: The cost of the long line price differential for the persistent scrubber in 2018 retroactively calculates the raw material for the persistent petrochemicals to be crude oil.
The risk factors for crude oil include (1) higher-than-anticipated changes in global demand for crude oil (including but not limited to significant growth or slippage in the global economy, major breakthroughs in the new energy sector, rapid substitution of fossil fuels resulting in lower demand for oil, climate
Changes result in significant changes in crude oil demand, etc.), (2) higher-than-anticipated changes in global crude oil supply (including, but not limited to, accelerated or delayed project implementation, artificial production control in oil-producing countries, etc.) (3) geopolitical events (including but not limited to disruptions in crude oil supply due to emergencies, or high levels of crude oil supply due to emergencies, etc.)
Crude oil purchases use the United States dollar, while revenue-side settlements are dominated by the renminbi, requiring daily operations to buy the dollar, sell the renminbi, and complete the settlement. Such settlements are subject to the following risks, but can be achieved through (1) a sharp deterioration in Central-American relations and (2) significant changes in Central-American macroeconomics (but not limited to them)
The sale of finished oils based on three barrels of oil and the distribution network of the Central American economy. If the zero price differential for the batch of finished oil increases significantly, it will have an impact on the firm, and it will have an export licence for the finished oil.
The price of the finished oil is highly correlated with the supply of and demand for the finished oil. The supply-side risks include, but are not limited to, the finished product. The oil production capacity has expanded significantly, and production capacity in Shandong is less than expected than in the new imo 2020 shipping policy: demand-side risks include, but are not limited to, the suboptimal replacement of new-energy vehicles for gasoline cars: the country.
As a result of domestic policies that limit fuel cars, the impact of ethanol gasoline addition will also inhibit the demand for mtbe products from refineries, which have been suspended/reduced due to other force majeure.
Chemical devices are driving at a slower pace than expected, and persistent chemicals are mostly intermediate products that are subject to the highly expected changes in supply and demand relationships in the industrial chain. While oil prices need to be taken into account, macroeconomic needs, such as downstream consumption, packaging, cars, infrastructure, etc., can also be offset.
The demand for the products has an impact. (3) The risk of increased competition, including but not limited to the United States or the Middle East, can have a significant impact on the domestic dumping of chemical products.
The global demand for textile clothing has had some impact on the polyester chain. This includes, but is not limited to, the imposition of taxes on China’s exports from the US-China Trade War, anti-dumping investigations by South-East Asian countries on China’s Changsi, etc.
(2) Industrial policy, technology and other force majeure-induced over-expected changes in supply and demand. There is a risk of large-scale release.
We believe that the company has a scarcity of attributes in the domestic private refining of the integrated polyester chain, giving it the first time that we value the company using the municipal rate, the market net rate, and the cash flow method, respectively. To keep in mind, we have selected six national comparable companies for the valuation of stellar petrochemicals. On the one hand, we take into account the polyester industry.
Shanghai petrochemicals are a minority shareholder in gold mountain petrochemicals and Saico petrochemicals, so their profitability is significantly weaker than the present constant petrochemicals; and Hua Jin shares are the Liaoning local refineries acquired by the Chinese army and expanded.
This makes profitability even more difficult. In order to make the valuation more fair, we have taken into account offshore refined dragons, although the end product is not consistent.
In our view, helium petrochemicals, both domestic and overseas, are estimated to be 11 times as high as 2020, and we have selected six national comparable companies to value the helium petrochemicals, balancing the petrochemical industry with the polyester industry, and we have referred to some of the vertically integrated processing taps overseas.
In our view, based on the current high-quality assets of silicon petrochemicals, which have a differential premium on polyesters and industry enterprises in comparison with their post-development techniques and sizes, we have selected six national comparable companies for valuation of silicon petrochemicals, taking into account the petrochemical and polyester industries.
We believe that solid fossilized petrochemicals have a higher income, accounting for more than 70% of total sales. But the end end is closer to the end of consumption to the end to the end to the end of the end to the end to the end to the end of the end to the end to be able to access the corresponding polyester at the end.
As a result of the company's tax policy of reducing by half the four exemptions, we have taken into account the company's core assumptions in figure 62:dcf, based on 18% tax rate, figure 63:dcf discounted value.
Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market shows that: score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment