In recent years, the market has been more concerned with the changes in the transformation of traditional enterprises, as shown by our 2021 investment in energy-saving reduction and new energy sources, as can be seen from the “windlight” of the conch.
Electricity’s layout is clearly accelerating, and it also provides an advantage in reducing carbon emissions and trading ahead of schedule. New energy distribution is encouraged by policies that favour carbon reduction, electricity savings, and directly translates into reduced, more competitive \triangleright
On October 26, the State Department launched the Carbon Reachings Program by 2030, which proposes that renewable energy, such as wind and solar energy, be adapted to the local context in promoting carbon peaks in the construction materials industry. For the energy-intensive sector, the price of electricity traded in the cement market is not capped at 20%.
1 Reduction of coal consumption: combined 346.4 million tons of coal consumed by conch cement in 2020, increased pressure on coal prices this year, peaked at 2592.5 yuan/t in October, dominated by 500-600 yuan/t in previous years, enterprises have sufficient power to reduce single-ton coal consumption, usually in a technical and administrative manner, such as increased coal combustion efficiency by disassembly furnaces, improved heat recovery efficiency by upgrading chiller equipment, and sea conchs in 2020
Twenty-four clinker line disassembly furnaces, 28 clinker line chiller techniques, average standard coal consumption of clinker reduced by 3 kg, and technologies that are being tested for dissemination include oxygen-rich combustion.2 Reduction of electricity consumption: total electricity consumption in 2020 was 14.47 billion kwh, while residual heat generation was marked by a conch plant, with a total load of 1,263mw installed.
Over the year, total electricity generation amounted to 8,714 million kwhh, or about 38% of total electricity demand. Technological changes could also be introduced, for example, in the form of voltage machines, high-cement milling efficiency, and lower power consumption. If electricity is purchased from the outside, the cost of electricity will be reduced rapidly. 3 Green Power Investment: On December 4, 2021, the Guangxi Xinxian conch 18 MW photovolt project was launched. 3 December, Sea conch water.
On November 13, the city government, the conch group, China's new energy sources signed a strategic agreement around investment in the new energy industry, research on photovoltaic technology, etc. On October 29, conch cement invested $2.3 billion in the implementation of sunn conch.
New materials, new energy integrated development projects. On September 17, the conch group hired Shi Pengsu of China's Engineering Institute as Chief Scientist (who was awarded the Global Glass “Oscar Award”). On August 30, conch cement acquired 100% of the Conch New Energy Corporation's shareholding at $443 million. 4 Financial advantages + benefits: cash available, 63.5 billion yuan in currencies in the first three quarters and $26.3 billion in traded financial assets;
By taking advantage of regional advantages, such as the abundance of the An Xiangyang-sale mineral, the company’s factories throughout the country, with its rich landscape (north-west), we urge that the capital chain be valued and that capital investment be expected to play a “catch-up” role, effectively matching downward pressure on next year’s q1 in particular; on domestic policy changes, the international economic situation is not changing as expected: weather changes are not as expected: green power investments are not as fast as expected.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeking to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.