The sixth fire, the nuclear voltage chamber, the center breakup, the provincial power leader, who owns half of Zhejiang's assembly: the company's management \triangleright by the end of 2022
In comparison to the total installed capacity of 331128,000 kW, 16 provincial electricity companies in a share of the power plate in 2022 were among the top of the list, the largest local power company in the country, and the sixth largest power company in the country after the five central power generation grids.
The demand side of Zhejiang province actually increased or again exceeded the planned rate of electricity use during the period of “14” and the supply side of Zhejiang province has limited room for growth of controlable machines, and we measure the load gap by about 735 to 1355 million kilowatts. We classify the price of electricity on the Internet, the price of coal, and the use of hours as influencing the performance of coal power.
The three core elements, in the current state of tight power supply, are expected to maintain the current high rates of heat and electricity usage in Zhejiang province; the cost of electricity and coal has been declining since the end of 2022, with 1h23 performing.
High yield on nuclear power, performance voltage: company deep layout nuclear power field, late 2022, public \triangleright research assistant Zhao Guo Li
The Department partially eases the pressure on the company’s performance in the face of a steady return on investment in nuclear panels, which has increased profitability and lost power from fire.
\triangleright \triangleright \ Three major operations, limited to intra-Zero Group division of operations and inter-operability relationships, where companies have difficulty in controlling their shares directly
Development of a centralized wind and light new energy project. In the main, the two sides are expected to work together in the field of home-based photovoltaic development to achieve a break in the company’s new energy development.
Keeping high, 1h23 performance forecast has been certified to restore high elasticity in company performance. The annual dividends of the company’s normal operations are maintained at 50% or more, with high dividends paid as the company’s performance is restored. The steady return on investment on the nuclear power plate provides strong support for the company’s performance and is expected to go into production along with the participating shares.
Further upscaling. By taking shares in the main, the company is expected to break the new energy development trap. The company’s \triangleright is expected to lead to high-cost risks; 3) electricity market competition reduces the risk of online electricity prices; 4) policy failure
and the expected risks; 5) the risks of less than anticipated growth of the shareholding business. 1 provincial power leader, half of the embankment unit in Zhejiang Province, Zhejiang Zhejiang Power Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) had limited electricity development in Zhejiang Province.
The company, which was approved by the Zhejiang State Finance Committee (Zejiang State Energy Development Co. Ltd.) for an overall change in its establishment as Zhejiang Zhejiang Zhejiang Electric Power Company Limited (Zejiang State Enterprise re-established No. [2011] 27), was converted to Zhegen Power Power on 31 October 2011.
By the end of the first quarter of 2023, Zhejiang Group held 69.45% and 3.73% of the shares in the Public Department, directly or indirectly, and was the first shareholder, and was controlled by the Zhejiang State Finance Committee.
Founded in 2001, mainly in power generation, electricity thermal production and supply, renewable energy development, oil and coal natural gas development trade, manufacturing of new energy equipment, energy services and energy finance.
Zhejiang Xingen, Ningbo Shipping, Central Shares and five listed companies in the Jinjiang Environment; holding the total capacity of the power assembly, 399.0 kilowatts, or 33.1 per cent of the installed capacity in Zhejiang Province; supplying 61.7 million tons of electricity and coal annually, or 15 billion cubic metres of gas (including replacements), or 83.4 per cent of the total gas consumption in Zhejiang Province.
With two major power asset developers and operators under Zhejiang, Zhejiang Xingen is primarily responsible for the development and operation of the renewable energy business block, and the company acts as a platform for the company's fire power assets, supported by the provision of heat products and investment in nuclear power.
By the end of 2022, the company's power plant, which is concentrated in Zhejiang province, was the largest power-generating company in the province, and the holding unit was mainly a fire transport unit in the provinces (Ambai, Ningxia, Xinjiang). By the end of 2022, the company's management unit had a total installed capacity of 3,311.28 kilowatts, and the provincial assembly capacity of the coal power plant was approximately 2,419,000 kilowatts, or approximately the entire unit.
By the end of 2022, the company's interests were on fire.
With regard to the construction of the project, the two high-efficiency supercritical coal combustion units of the three-phased Elysing series of 1 million kilowatts have been put into production this year, and the two supercritical supercritical secondary heat efficiency units of the 1 million kilowatts under construction in the sixth and second phase, the first of which is expected to be completed by the end of 2024.
Compared to the capacity and power generation levels of 16 provincial electricity companies in a share of the power plate in 2022, companies are among the top of the list and the largest local power producers in the country. Even when compared to the national power generation companies operating under China’s flag, the size of installed power and the amount of electricity generated is second only to that of HCI, INE, INE, and INE.
Da Tang Power generation, China Electric International, Hua Yu Power, 2 coal power performance rebounds, high dividends are available for 2.1 Zhejiang Province electricity demand is higher than expected and power supply is tight.
In August 2016, the Zhejiang Provincial Development and Rehabilitation Board and the Provincial Energy Authority issued the “13th Five-Year Plan” for electricity development in Zhejiang province.
The provincial maximum load and electricity consumption were 80.3 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) and 422 billion kilowatt-hours (kWh), while the average annual increase was 5.0 per cent and 3.5 per cent for the 13th Five-Year Period.
In June 2021, Zhejiang province published the 14th Five-Year Plan for Electricity Development in Zhejiang Province (for comments).
By 2025, the province's highest load and electricity consumption were projected to be 11810 to 124.3 million “145” – 551.4 billion kWh in Zhejiang province, 14.2 per cent and 5.2 per cent, respectively, respectively, compared to the previous year's average annual increase of 8.7 pct and -0.3 pct respectively.
2.1.2 Supply side: limited room for growth of the controllable machine, recovery in the use of fire power hour starting with the 13th Five-Five, faster development of new energy sources, slower construction of units in Zhejiang province, thousands of units, rapid growth of new energy loads and grid demand to pump power from the fire engine in Zhejiang province.
The growth also stifled the use of hours by fire power units in Zhejiang province. The combined effect of the 13th Five-Year Plan was that the increase in in-house power generation in the province continued to be lower than in-house power, and the use of hours in the province continued to decline, down to 3888 hours in 2020.
According to the 14th Five-Year Plan for Electricity Development in Zhejiang Province (Consultation Draft), during the 14th Five-Year Plan, Zhejiang Province expected 6.32 million kW of additional coal power and 7 million kW of additional gas power and 13.32 million kW of additional fire power; 3.5 million kW of additional hydroelectric power; 1.2 million kW of nuclear power; and additional controlled power.
About 18.7 million kilowatts (KW) of Zhejiang province with a maximum power load of 11810 - 124.3 million kW in 2025 and a new maximum load of 2542 - 3162 million kW in 2025, resulting in a gap of 735 - 1355 kW in additional controlled loads, which rebounded during the last two years as a result of tight electricity supply and demand in Zhejiang province.
In the 2-3 year construction cycle, the newly approved coal power unit in Zhejiang province has had little time to mitigate the current power supply tensions, and in the short term other power sources will need to be increased in stock units in the provinces, which are expected to increase in the number of hours they use.
2.2 The fall in coal prices, profit-making repairs, and the decline in the average hours spent by the fire unit in Zhejiang province during the period of the 13th Five-Year Plan, as well as the decline in electricity and electricity consumption between 2018 and 2020, are facing the company's difficulties in accelerating its heating operations.
With the rapid growth of revenues from the heat and coal trade, the share of revenues from the company ' s electricity operations fell from 92.5 per cent in 2016 to 79.7 per cent in 2017, and the share of the thermal revenues in its operations went from 2016 to 2016, when we classified the prices of electricity on the Internet, the price of coal, the use of hours as the core three factors affecting coal performance, in Zhejiang province.
The price of electricity on the Internet for coal generators has changed more frequently, with the average price of electricity on the Internet not rising significantly in 2021 and the average price of electricity on the Internet increased by 18.4 per cent to 0.436/kWh (excluding taxes) in 2022.
Since mid-2016, when the prices of electricity and coal began to rise, in 2016 and 2017, companies have experienced tight electricity and coal prices have soared, but prices have lagged, and companies have lost $855 million in net profits for their mothers throughout 2021. In 2022, the prices of electricity and coal continued to be high, and it is still difficult to hedge fuel costs.
The losses increased to $1.822 billion throughout the year. Since the beginning of 2023, the price of electricity and coal has declined rapidly, the performance of the fire industry has improved significantly, and on 14 July 2019 there was a direct electricity supply that did not include environmentally friendly electricity except direct electricity, and in 2020 there were no ultra-low-emission prices;
In 2021, 2022, free of taxes, electricity prices. Compared to comparable companies in the industry, companies are more profitable, with an annual average of Roe (weighted) Power International (5.2%) from 2016 to 2020, and higher than their provincial power platforms, which are second only to their own power grids (4.1%).
In 2020, despite the fluctuations in the company ' s normal year of operation, the company insisted on a high percentage bonus, a high percentage bonus before the year. According to our 2023 net profit on the company ' s return to the mother, the fraction is assumed to be a high yield on nuclear power, which is a high yield on performance.
The company's deep deployment of nuclear power, although it does not operate nuclear power plants under direct control, and in close cooperation with the China Nuclear Group, it began to participate in its nuclear power projects in Zhejiang Province, including Qinshan Nuclear Power Company Limited, Nuclear Power Company.
Qinshan Associates Ltd., Qinshan Third Nuclear Power Company Ltd., Three Nuclear Power Company Ltd., etc., further invested in 2017 as the top ten shareholders in the Chinese nuclear power company listed under the China Nuclear Group, and in 2019 invested in China's nuclear power from an equity tool measured in fair value to an equity method.
Outside Zhejiang Province, the company is also involved in nuclear power assets under the central nuclear power grid, such as NLN, NNN-North China, etc. In addition, the company is involved in projects such as the national nuclear power plant, NSG-Nam-Nam, etc. By the end of 2022, the company was carrying nuclear power equity units of approximately 2.4761 million kilowatts (including approved nuclear power plants) and was in construction.
Project (project) about 1,557.6 thousand kilowatts of nuclear power equity installed, totalling about 4,0337 kilowatts (without taking into account double counting of nuclear power holdings in the developing countries). 3 nuclear power units affected the annual return on investment in 2019 as a result of equipment inspections, but overall, they are now in production.
Between 2015 and 2016, the steady return on investment in nuclear panels during the two-time booms in electricity and coal prices on the main power industry in 2021 and 2022 provided strong support for companies’ profitability. Between 2017 and 2020, the annual return on investment in nuclear power accounted for an average of the annual net return on investment.
Figure 25: The World Nuclear Association (wna) reported a total of 33 countries using nuclear power by the end of 2022; a total of 437 nuclear power units with a total net installed capacity of approximately 393.96 million kW in 2016-2022; 18
The country is building a total of 59 nuclear power units, with a total installed capacity of about 6.5.9 million kW. Data on the amount of electricity generated by the different types of power sources worldwide and within the country show that the share of nuclear power in the world's electricity generation is more than 9%.
But there is still a big gap between the averages of the major nuclear power-Powers. In 2022, the U.S., Russian, English, French, German and five nuclear power-Power countries accounted for 18.0 per cent, 20.3 per cent, 14.8 per cent, 66.3 per cent, and 6.3 per cent, respectively.
After the approval of 10 units in 2022, no new nuclear power units had been approved in 2023, but according to information currently available on the Nuclear Security Network, 6-12 units had been approved during the year. According to our statistics and measurements, except for the 28 units under construction (based on approved calibres), 3251 million kW were included in the approved project.
A total of 33 crews have already carried out prior work, with a combined capacity of 38.77 million kW; after the removal of the fleet of 6 inland sites, the remaining 27 units have a combined capacity of 31.27 million kW. The remaining coastal sites have a capacity of over 50 units, with a combined capacity of over 60 million kW. The existing coastal sites are still capable of supporting projects for about 10 years.
In June 2023, the National Energy Agency organized the publication of the Blue Book on the Development of New Power Systems, which redefined the space and application prospects for nuclear power development, except for the previously anticipated annual approval of 6-8 new units; the expansion of nuclear energy applications at the application level, such as heating of high-temperature gas coolers and hydrogen production, was expected to break through in the long term.
The ceiling, which constrains the growth of nuclear power. 4 loans to break the new energy source, 4.1 shares to the ground and performance to the ground.
Since its inception in 2008, China has continued the deep-deep PV industry, gradually extending from a single PV backboard operation to high-efficiency battery and assembly, photovoltaic application system terminal operations in the N-type, and achieving a cooperative industrial layout from a solar fuel supplier to high-efficiency batteries and components in the N-type PV-distributed applications.
In November 2022, the company signed an agreement on the transfer of shares and an agreement on the delegation of voting rights with the controlling shareholders of the Chinese shares, Lin Jianwei, Zhang Jingjing and Zhang Jingjing, to receive 9.70% of the shares in the Central shares transferred to Zhang Jingjing in the yuan of 1,817 million yuan, with the intention of obtaining 10% of the voting rights in the Central shares held by Lin Jing Wei.
After easy completion, the company held 9.70% of the shares in the centre and 19.70% of its voting rights, and became the controlling party to the shares in the centre. In March 2023, the company included the shares in the consolidated statements.
Large increases, technology overlaps triggering impairments in asset accounts, and unrealized gains from associated transactions over the course of the year have been successfully reversed, resulting in a net return to the mother of $401 million throughout the year. The majority of the shares consist of three major operations, namely, photovoltaic backboards, batteries, and components and photovoltaic applications.
The middle share is the world’s leading solar backboard manufacturer, with full-blown backboard manufacturing capacity. According to the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry, in mid-2021, the stock backboard was the world’s largest in volume.
At the same time, it actively accelerated the growth of backboard capacity, and in mid-2021 it completed its annual production of 50 million square metres of rice backwood extension project, and by the end of 2022 it had an annual production capacity of 220 million square metres of backboard capacity, with the middle share-back business being in a dominant position in the backboard industry.
The China-China wholly-owned company Shanxi Light and Light Power is the “link company” of Shanxi Province's photovoltaic industrial chain and is investing in the “Project for an efficient single crystal cell intelligence plant with 16gw annual output”, the first 4gw of the 8gw in one phase have already produced in volume and are actively pursuing the remaining 4gw and 2nd 8gw projects.
An average conversion efficiency of 25.2% of the high-efficiency battery output from the center-owned n-topcon16bb main grid, and a high level of technology for the N-topcon battery production and battery conversion efficiency are in the forefront of the industry.
Specialized firms with gw-grade output have acquired the title “National Green Plant”, “National Green Supply Chain Management Demonstration Enterprise”, and “National Specialized and New Giants” with high-impact PVn products from Thailand, which have accumulated more than 7gw since 2016.
In February 2021, Chinese citizens from China and China signed the China-China Electricity and Electricity Engineering Company Ltd.
The joint venture agreement between Power Input Engineering Ltd. and Middle Sudan Energy Company Ltd., a joint venture between the two parties to establish a new Shanghai Genuine New Energy Company Ltd., which holds 70 per cent of its shareholdings and 30 per cent of its shareholdings.
The annual average additional installed capacity target value up to the fifth year is no less than 1.5 gw, with a cumulative capacity of more than 7.2 gw over a five-year period, with priority given to the development, design, procurement of materials, construction of power stations and signing of an epc agreement for the transfer of Chinese or Chinese-born affiliates to the Shanghai source project.
Given that the division of business within the Zhegen Group is limited to competition with industry, it is difficult for companies to directly control the development of a pool of medium-wind, light-new energy projects, which have previously involved more private equity fund models in the development of new energy sources, in which both sides are expected to achieve deep cooperation in the field of home-based photovoltaic development.
The collection structure of the shares in the redisk, with income from 2016-2020 mainly from the backboards and batteries and components, the readjustment of the share in the household with the distributed photovoltaic business model in mid-2021, the active layout of the county-wide distributed photovoltaic development, the separation of battery assemblies and photovoltaic systems into a three-wheel-drive development model from the beginning.
The Panels, Batteries and Components, Photovoltaic Application Systems received 27.15, 30.33 and 3,675 million yuan, respectively, representing a fraction of 2021, which was affected by the price of raw materials and the rising cost of shipping, and the substantial increase in the operating costs of batteries and assemblies, which resulted in a partial loss of orders, with a Maori rate of 4.3 per cent, and a profit recovery of the operation in 2022, gross.
In 2022, with the restoration of the profitability of batteries and components, the overall Māori ratio of the Chinese shares, net interest rates, went back to the forecast of the company ' s main power (excluding heating) plate for 2023-2026, as an additional loader: the company ' s 2*1 million kW units were put into production in the first half of 2023.
The construction of a fleet of 21 million kW in six-and-two is currently expected to take place in December 2024, assuming full commissioning in June 2025, while the rest of the Garuda 7 and 8 are expected to be completed during the “145” period;
Hours of use: reference historical values, 2022, average hours of use of coal and gas by companies of approximately \triangleright of 5188 and 1621 hours, respectively, and half of the hours of use of newcomers throughout the year;
(a) On-line electricity prices: coal power is based on a percentage of the base price for coal combustion in Zhejiang, and gas power is measured on the basis of a price-fixing machine. The revenue forecast for the company ' s main power (other than heating) plate operation for 2023-2025 is as follows:
The company holds 9.70 per cent of the shares in China and 19.70 per cent of its voting rights as the controlling party of the shares in China, and since March 2023 it has included the shares in the consolidated statements.
Electricity, as a comparable listed company, corresponds to an average of 14.2 times the pe in 2023.
The valuation using the dcf method is based on the following key assumptions, taking into account the 10-year rate of return on public debt, taking into account interest rate fluctuations, the risk-free rate is assumed to be 2.70 per cent and the beta coefficient is assumed to be 0.5 per cent, taking into account, in summary, the growth space created by the company ' s new operating fleet and its equity holdings, taking into account the company ' s history.
In the current tense state of power supply, it is expected that the company's fire engine fleet will remain high in hours and electricity prices, and 1h23 performance forecast has been certified to restore high resilience to company performance. The company's annual bonus share in normal operations is maintained at over 50% (inclusive) and with the company's performance restored, the return on high dividends is achievable.
The earnings provide strong support for the company’s performance and are expected to increase further with the investment in the construction of the equity project. ) The downside risks of falling demand for electricity. The electricity industry, as one of the pillars of the national economy’s functioning, is influenced to a large extent by changes in the supply-demand relationship.
Camp conditions are more relevant to the economic cycle, which may lead to a reduction in the demand for electricity across society, a reduction in the number of hours spent by companies on power generation equipment, and an impact on the profitability of companies. (2) High fuel prices lead to high cost risks.
The composition of gas units, the high price of coal and natural gas, and the cost of fuel account for more than 70% of the company’s operating costs. Coal-digging policies have led to a sharp decline in supply, a lag in the release of high-quality capacity, and environmental restrictions, which further stifle coal supply, making it difficult to control electricity and coal prices effectively.
3) Competition in the electricity market reduces the risk of electricity prices going online. As the electricity system reforms deepens, competition in the electricity market increases, the amount of electricity traded and the price differential increases, lowers the average price of electricity on the Internet for companies and reduces operating income. 4) Policies do not advance as much as expected. The stock of nuclear power units is drained, and new nuclear power units are being built.
This report is presented independently and objectively and is responsible for the content and perspective of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.