Gasoline power (600023.sh) Petrochemicals Coal prices are down, installed upwards and elastic.
The long triangle, with its scarce local poles of pure fire, expands nuclear power based on fire power.
In the case of coal-fired projects in Zhejiang province, the energy-generating groups of Canon, China Electric, Hua-Yun and others, there is less likelihood of a better pattern of competition in the industry, and the risk of volume prices arising from the vicious competition in the electricity market. 1h23 Zhejiang Province ' s electricity-fired power generation was equal to +8.9 per cent and the company generated +11.3 per cent over the same period;
In addition, the company is expected to steadily increase its core of nuclear power assets, which are more concentrated, profitable, and more stable, for dry reinvesting industries created by the power and power mains, and are expected to increase steadily; 11m22 is in the process of acquisition.
Coal power has been redistributed and the market price of coal has become more elastic. Assuming that domestic coal production remains at the average of 1-7m23 per day, a conservative estimate of 100 million still exists this year.
This is an increase in the amount of around tons. 1-7m23 of the country ' s total aggregate power coal imports +151.1%, the share of powered coal supply structures has risen from 2.6% in 22 years to a low level as of July of the current year, and new crews have designed coals that are dominated by high-middle-carat coal and will benefit fully from the price of coal on this round of the market.
Downwards, the performance of the 1h23 company increased by 602.8% on a year-on-year basis. The power shortage in Zhejiang province is difficult to solve in the short term, and supply and demand support costs remain relatively high.
In the medium and long term, Zhejiang's 14th Five-Year Coal Generator is over-expected, and the company is expected to have a new crew each year for 23-26 years. (2) The price response is:
High medium- and long-term electricity prices guarantee their competitiveness in the provincial markets, thereby guaranteeing full medium- and long-term capacity, lower coal prices and new machine capacity, with the excess fire price spread in the bag. A review of history shows that a massive influx of imported coal in 2012 also led to a short- and fast-term increase in market prices.
Driven by industry benefits, the fire power industry of 5-7m12 has achieved significant excess capacity, which has kept performance high at 1h13 as well. It is logical for the company ' s ELECTRONIC ELECTRONIC ELECTRONIC ELECTRONIC ELECTRONIC ELECTRONIC ELECTRONIC ELECTRONIC ELECTRONIC ELECTRONIC elasticity of 2h23 will be magnified by the start of production this year ' s peak summer.
Risks such as new project progress, lower coal prices, electricity demand, electricity marketization progress, median equity underperformance, etc.
Fire power performance depends on three factors: electricity, electricity prices, coal prices, and the search for differentials in the benefits of the industry that go below coal prices a. Given the trend towards deeper electricity market reform, the bottlenecks in trans-provincial and trans-regional transmission lines determine that electricity is a regional market, so we will focus on both the competitive patterns of the industry and the demand for electricity.
The management and control of half of the provincial assembly units in Zhejiang province were established in 2013 and placed on the market. The controlling shareholders are Zhejiang Province Energy Group Ltd., the owner of which is the owner.
At the end of 2022, the company managed and controlled coal and gas units had capacity of 2887.5 kW, 404,000 kW, which together accounted for approximately 99.4% of the total capacity of the company's management and control units, and half of the department-wide engine. In addition, the company also held the National Energy, Da Tang, Hua Tetsu, Hua Yun, etc. in Zhejiang province.
Figure 2: The company's ownership of the State Treasury Board for Zhejiang Province and the second largest shareholder is the China Energy Group
Recovering from the epidemic + water and electricity shortages, and the continuous increase in the revenues of the “volume price rise” company. New dynamic energy such as a vibrant economy, a resilient traditional industry, and a manufacturing industry in the core of the digital economy are growing rapidly, supporting the demand for electricity in the industrial sector.
In July and August of 22 years, extremely high temperatures caused the same electricity consumption in urban and rural areas, with an additional contribution of 21.8 per cent and 22.6 per cent, respectively. About a third of the electricity supply in the province of Zhejiang comes from outside sources, mainly hydropower.
The drop point of the direct-flow transmission channel, where 100 per cent of the two lines of the river ~ Zhejiang, Shirakawa Beach ~ Zhejiang, and Lingzhou ~ Schochen ~ Tweeting ~ Green + Fire. The water deficit continued from 2021 to 1h23 and the electricity supply from fire to power was increased, with the amount of electricity generated from the fire in 2022, 1h23 Zhejiang Provinces equal to + 0.2 per cent, +8.9 per cent, respectively.
As a result, 2022 and 1h23 power generation increased by 3.4 per cent and 11.3 per cent respectively, respectively, as a result of the increase in power generation and the combination of shares in the table, and the 1h23 revenue was increased by +16.2 per cent.
The company’s 2022nd Battalion Zhejiang Province maritime transport facilities and the company’s coal procurement structure are flexible, with high costs of transportation and distance from the main coal-producing area of the south-east coast.
It has become an important complement to the coal supply in the south-eastern coastal power plant. According to the company’s recently approved assessment report, six million kilowatt machine group rings are designed to be combustible in the silhouette zone, using a “iron-water” combined transport method; and the appropriate introduction of imported coal for mixing and reducing reliance on a single coal source, thus achieving a better fuel cost.
Imports of coal account for a relatively small share of the country’s coal supply structure, but their marginal changes have had a greater impact on coal prices. 2h21 comes from domestic and external coal prices, coal imports fall, and domestic trade coal supply and demand are pushing up market prices and keeping them high.
In addition, the company is a provincial power company.