A stock options incentive scheme, where everyone is at the top of the line, and a stock options incentive scheme, where everyone is at the top of the line, maintaining a "buy-in" rating.
The company’s disclosure of stock options incentive scheme (draft) is expected to fully motivate the company’s core cadres. We believe that it will be more stable to stabilize the core business team at a key point in the strategic breakthrough.
Profit projections remain unchanged, with the expected return to the mother ' s net profit of $25.84/3182.3760 million in 2021-2023, corresponding to the ps. Incentives, which mainly bind the interests of middle- and senior-level management and core business personnel, the Incentives Plan proposes to grant 7 million stock options to the incentive target (5.6 million shares for the first time).
Incentives were awarded to 517 persons, of whom 2 senior managers (Vice-Chairman General Tan and Secretary-General Yang) together accounted for 1.73 per cent of stock options granted, while middle and senior managers and core technical (operational) personnel together accounted for 78.27 per cent of stock options granted.
• It is becoming increasingly clear that the pattern of dressing is becoming more diverse, and it is firmly attached to the long-term growth of the company. In the traditional distribution, engineering channels, it is becoming increasingly clear that the company’s dressing patterns are being accelerated in a variety of ways.
In the company update report - q1 profit supermarkets, the company launched a starhomes house. The Operite closet also offers the entire bagage of 3.0 years, and at production, it is expected that the drop efficiency gains will have the greatest advantage.
Four dimensions of goods, design, construction, and services to synchronize strong brand-to-brand alliances. And, by launching the supplier model, the collaborator model, the large customer model/group direct supply model, three different types of collaboration. Corporate Information Update Report - Full display by 2020
The model, the large-scale HQ concessionary and scientific benefit-sharing model ensures the smooth advancement of the assembly model.