The Europeans report a quarterly review of high profit margins and excellent cash flow performance.
The company issued its 21-year quarterly report, with revenue endings increasing by 49.8 per cent compared with the increase of 1.37 per cent to 3.3 billion yuan, compared with the increase of 1901 million yuan, resulting in net profit returns to mothers of 243 million yuan, an increase of 165 per cent compared to 201901 and net profits of 209 million, an increase of 17.5 per cent compared to sales of goods received.
Cash increased by 171 per cent compared to the increase of 64 per cent for 2019q1. 2021q1 sub-grades, with company cabinets/circles/baskets/cargo operations increasing by the same amount, respectively.
Transformation, in new channels: electricity, bulk, and dressing. We think the company's lead in total equity/flow (million shares) is increasing at the retail end of the closet, compared to 19q1 we estimate the retailing of the company's closets.
Total market value/flow (million yuan) increased by about 10 per cent over the same period, with income growth expected from the Europolitik brand at the rate of 173 per cent over the same period, compared with an increase of 61 per cent in 1901 in the case of closet operations.
Europa (603833) Annual Eurasia Report Review: In the past year, the Eurasia has focused on continuous optimization of channels, new products, ellipse-free access to the general public, the annual report meets expectations, and the build-up continues to grow at a high rate.
The t5 system has landed to expand the passenger manifest value and continuously upgrades the terminal marketing package to meet the five aspects of consumer I - 2021/04/23 station shopping to continuously improve the competitiveness of the Europa closet brand.
The Europa closet is becoming more competitive at the end, what do we think?
In the long run, we believe that there is a very large development space for the closet business, whether in volume or price terms or in long-term perspective. - 2021/02/03 - one of the central drivers of growth in corporate performance, I
The performance forecast is over-expected, with hundreds of billions of home-based swords estimated to be close to 200% over the same period. The build-up is constantly focused on the needs of clients, and is effective in integrating the renovation company with the full range of European custom products, as well as in the flow, training, etc.
-2021/01/25 multi-dimensional enablers, constantly improving the glue between the Europeans and the dressing agents, and moving from simple “supply models” to “symbiotic models” in the medium to long term, dressing operations
It's possible to recreate one, or even several Europeans. From the past quarter, relations between agents and Europeans, regardless of the level of operating fluidity, or dress-up, have been significantly reduced in terms of a benign cost ratio, with sales/management/research and development/financial cost ratios.
In terms of forward-looking indicators: cash received for sales of goods increased by 171% over the year, by 64% over 2019q1. Advance receipts + contract liabilities increased by 56.7% over the year.
Growth of 31% from 1901. Supply chain integration, among other things, leads the industry, maintaining a “buy-in” rating, considering that a company could become a future leader in the 2 trillion home/sport industry.
Profit projections and financial indicators: Eurasia quarterly reviews: high profit expectations, excellent cash flow performance
The Pacific Securities Corporation Ltd. is qualified for securities investment consultancy and has portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.