Europa Annual Report: The Yearly Report meets expectations and the dressing continues to grow at a high rate
The company published a 20-year annual report with annual growth rates ranging from 891 per cent to 1.74 billion, for the mother. For the fourth quarter of the year alone, the income end grew by 25.26 per cent to $5.008 billion, for the mother's net profit.
In 2020, the company continued to promote the cabinet + strategy at the retail end and to promote the transformation of the marketing of the channel, with simultaneous power in the new channels: electricity, bulk, dressing, of which total equity/flow (million shares)
The company has taken the lead in the pilot container distribution industry, and the total market value/flow (millions of dollars) has worked well in many places, including Xian. The company has performed well in the face of the epidemic.
The 12-month maximum/minimum feature of keeping up with the times, making full use of the “live plus fission” model, starting with the chairman who doesn't take charge of the executive (on average every month), the daily shop, etc.
So what do we think about the future of Europe, which we think the cabinet is the traditional advantage of Europe at the retail end?
At the retail end, it also affects the following directions: (a) continuous active marketing and diversification of channels and long-term perspectives) - 2021/02/03 (second-hand houses, old renovations, dressings, on-line, community, etc.) Deep farming; (b) consumer markets.
Europa (603833) "Eurasia Review: Industry " , further division, especially the expansion of the high-end and lower-middle-end markets (including plastics), both of which are expected to be over-expected, with home-headed swords amounting to hundreds of billions.
Equally important, the former is more important in terms of branding, from the perspective of increasing city ownership, and the latter is more important in terms of: the promotion of standardization at the manufacturing end, the overall downscaling effect, the exploitation of potential; -2021/01/25
4 Efforts to establish differentiated competition at the service end, especially at the product end, where the closet business grew by 11.7 per cent year-on-year in 2020, taking into account the unprofitable nature of the optimist product, the closet, the dressing table, etc.
The overall growth in cards (the cabinet plus the closet) was between 19.14% and 863 million dollars, and we estimate that the Euphoria closet has contributed close to 130 million dollars in income (the equivalent contribution closet overall 2.5pct in revenue) because we estimate that the Europa closet owner's brand has increased by about 10% in the same year.
The development of new products, the generalization of non-alcohyde plates, the t5 system's landing to expand the customer list, and the continuous upgrading of the end-marketing suite to meet the five consumer one-stop purchases, the continuous upscaling of the Europa closets, and the continued energy of the decorating community, are one of the central drivers of the growth of corporate performance, prognosis.
The amount of the bill is more than 90% higher than the same amount. We're constantly focusing on the needs of our clients, and we're effectively integrating the renovation company with the entire European custom product, while increasing the glue between the Europeans and the builder, from simple to simple, in terms of the multi-dimensional enablers of the flow, training, etc.
Europa: The annual report meets expectations, the “supply model” continues to shift to a “symbiotic model” where, in the medium-to-long term, the completion of the cleaning business can lead to the creation of one or even several more Europeans.
All aspects of supply chain integration are leading industries, taking into account the potential for companies to become future leaders in the 2 trillion home/home-dressing industry, and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Eurasia Annual Report Review: The Annual Report meets expectations, and the dress continues to grow at a high rate.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.