The new peaks of 2020 have come to an all-time close to a decade of net interest rates.
On April 23, 2021, the annual increase was 8.91 per cent; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was 2,063 million yuan, and the net profit increase of 2020q4 went faster than the net profit increase.
Market data: 22 April 2021
In 2020q4, the company achieved operating income of $5.008 billion, an increase of 25.26 per cent over the same period; net profit of $612 million, an increase of 32.76 per cent over the same period; net profit of $548 million, a significant improvement over the same period, a slight decline in the Māori rate, and a sustained rise in net interest rates of nearly 10
To benefit from the continued strength of the household strategy, the company’s revenue from the non-repository business has grown faster, and branding has accelerated its multi-dimensional layout. By product category, in 2020, the company’s locker business received $6.061 billion, or 2.13%.
On the new steps, the closets generated $5.772 billion, or +11.71 per cent of the year; and the overall bathing industry, direct shop, and dressing channels contributed significantly. In 2020, the company’s bulk operating income reached Europa (603833.sh).
Distributors achieve revenue of $11,184 million, an increase of 5.95 per cent over the same period.
Great results were achieved in outreach and management; second, new business was developed on the basis of a business-building cabinet strategy, with the full expansion of the multi-grade strategy, which contributed significantly to the rapid development of the operations of large-scale engineering clients; and third, the expansion of the compliance service radius was accompanied by enhanced controls on service provider performance and advanced technology.
By maximizing the advantages of the service, such as technology import, and creating a new height of the engineering service; fourth, it is the informationization of the project that speeds up the conversion of the engineering orders and the volume and speed of product delivery, as well as the 28th floor of ITC at 69 West Street, Taiwon City.
Central Sea State 28 West City, Beijing, 7th floor, Shanxi Stock Company.
\triangleright, p. 39.80, 32.34, 27.78 times. Europa is an absolute leader in nine of the custom-made furniture companies, with the average level of profitability and growth to keep winning.
Hand over a robust and bright report card. On a local level, the company's product lines, such as closets, baths, wooden doors, and the sub-brands of O'Pari, O'Phoney and Māori, whose income has increased over time, have been rising steadily, along with the continued development of engineering and dressing channels, and the continued high growth of non-record product lines in the future.
Overall, the net interest rate level of the company has risen year by year and has risen to almost 10 years old, and, taking into account factors such as the release of economies of scale, the increase in efficiency driven by information-based construction, and the reduction in costs, there was still more than expected scope for corporate profitability in 2021, thus moving up to the “buy-in” rating.
Macroeconomic growth has fallen short of expectations; property regulation policy risks; market diffusion has fallen short of expectations; raw materials \triangleright price volatility risks; dealers manage risks; large-scale business return risks, etc.
Table: Earnings by Company Type of Products in 2020 Table: Profiting by Company brand in 2020 Table: Profiting by Company Channels in 2020
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.