q1 has achieved high-quality growth, with the full advantage gradually being established. On April 29, the company published a quarterly report in 2021, q1 achieving a revenue of $3.3 billion, or +13.7 per cent.
+49.8 per cent over the same period in 19 years: net return to the mother is 240 million yuan, compared to +340 per cent (compared to the same period in 19 years + 164.7 per cent) and profits are over-expected, showing a high-stakeout; multi-goods + full-channel power, showing high-quality growth: companies, with the advantage of full-channel layout, have multiple products
q1 has an excellent overall growth structure. By channel, q1 battalion/confederation/substantial performance, we believe that, in addition to the overall high profile of the end demand, it is due to the company's forward-looking layout and growing maturity in the preparation of the track. By category, 21q1 cooks/cloths/woods/guards are more varied.
1. “Accelerate recovery by season, with a stronger leader — the wooden gate has also entered a fast-expanding phase of channels, with significant results in multi-symmetric synergies.
Cost controls were excellent and net interest rates increased significantly: the overall net interest rate of 2021q1 was higher than 19q1 by 4.0 to 30.2 per cent, which is expected to be due mainly to the adjustment of transport costs to cost. Cost rate 3. 3 q Camp increase by 18.4 per cent, with no success.
On the other hand, the cost rate for the period 21q1 was between 7.1 and 21.9 per cent lower than that of 19q1, with sales rates recovering from 4. q2 full channel growth, expected to increase in the second half of the year with maturity and organizational excellence, and a significant increase in back-end efficiency, which contributed to the streamlining of staff.
The 2q performance is on track and it is expected that the second half of the year will accelerate the convergence of the front-end competitive advantage and back-end efficiency gains: the company ' s brand + channel + informatization has become a clear leader, and the competitive advantage has been strengthened.
The low high school branding matrix, the channel, the mix of dressing, traditional retailing, engineering will be effective in dealing with the trend towards the fragmentation of flows and the renovation of new houses, especially the dressing business, the forward-looking layout of the company, the gradual development of the development path and its continued optimization, which is now becoming more mature and is expected to be the main driving force behind the company's continued growth.
Power. In terms of informatization, a full-scale shift to the caxa system will not only be effective in increasing the efficiency of front-end feed-in singles, but will also be effective in increasing back-end manufacturing and management efficiency. Enhanced competitive advantage at the front and back-end efficiency will accelerate head concentration, and will keep Euro-based profits growing faster than the recovery rate for the next five years.
The water basin ~. The domestic epidemic has been repeated; competition in the assembly channels has intensified; the completion of the work has not returned to the desired level of heat.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment