China's Great Stone (600176.sh) The Probity Industry has a very high profile, with one quarter of the performance ahead of expectations.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average: 28 April, companies issued a performance report for the first quarter of 2017, and companies achieved a revenue of $1.86 billion in one quarter, an increase of 5.52 per cent over the same period, a net profit of $470 million to the mother, an increase of 30.77 per cent over the same period.
The price of fibre-optic products has risen rapidly, and one quarter of the year has seen good performance. Tons of fuel have been added to the capital temperature and to the demand for car thermal materials, and sales have increased steadily. In terms of prices, prices have largely bottomed up in the last four quarters, and the year has seen a rise in the same year's year-on-year round, with a steady increase in downstream demand and an additional net capacity of about 300,000 tons.
In addition to this, the company’s out-of-service earnings and investment earnings are about $30 million, a significant increase over the same period last year. Cost control continues to grow, and profitability increases.
1. " Low valuation poles, led by China ' s colossal industry leader, Big Shik Ga, and affected by a reduction in interest-bearing liabilities, financial costs fell by 12.4 per cent, with 16 years of cold-renovation, the resumption of production lines and the start-up of new production lines, bringing the company ' s capacity to 1.3 million tons, with a change in technology.
Production efficiency and product quality have been steadily improving in each line of production. By actively restructuring the product, companies have increased the proportion of wind power, thermal plastics and short-cut silk products, increasing the level of monolithic Maori and increasing profitability.
32.04 per cent), the downstream extension to the leafy area, and considering 18 years of low wind and grid prices, it is expected that corporate performance will continue to increase during the second half of the year, with the exception of the company ' s 100,000 tons of unsaturated polyester resin production line construction project, which is expected to be launched by the end of this year or early next year.
China’s giant rock and Chinese technology are under the same banner as China’s building materials.
The convergence of operations, such as fibres, leaves, and the consolidation of related assets, will be gradually realized as the consolidation of medium-building materials is completed, with a strong focus on reform. At the same time, as a global trade commodity, fibres are expected to accelerate global expansion in the larger context of the region.
With the warming of downstream demand and the release of the company's productive capacity, the giant rock will benefit fully from the industrial landscape belt, the national language, the windfall of the bovine industry, the concentration of production capacity, the fall in prices, the low downstream demand.
Appendix: Summary of forecasts of three statements Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market, after which the final rating is calculated on average and used as average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.