Bank Ningbo (002142): First quarter of 2020: An increase of RMB 10,860 million in operating income in the first quarter of 2020, an increase of 33.68 per cent in the same year; a net gain of RMB 4,402 million for shareholders in parent companies, an increase of 18.12 per cent in the same year. Business income of RMB 35,581 million in 2019, an increase of 21.26 per cent in the same year.
The net profit of the division ' s shareholders was 13.714 billion yuan, an increase of 22.60 per cent over the same period.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: Ningpo Bank ' s best financial performance of high + high + high roe + high quality for the quarter, scale-up, high elastic growth expectations of middle- and middle-income investment returns, stable quality of foreign trade and private manufacturing assets of market concern, this year
We expect Ningpo Bank to grow net profits at a rate of 18.6% in 2020 and 2021, respectively.
1) Net interest income increased by 19.5 per cent on a scale-by-scale basis and contributed substantially to roa. The financial disclosure disclosed a slight decrease of 1 bp to 1.74 per cent on a caloric basis, compared with an increase of 20 bp to 2.18 per cent under the old accounting standards. The difference is mainly due to the fact that some of the assets in the ifrs9 system are not included in interest-bearing assets and are actually less variable in terms of net profit spreads.
Net non-interest income has increased significantly, contributing significantly to roa, while at the same time boosting the growth in total income. Among these, the high rate of 47.9 per cent in net fees and charges has been significantly higher than expected, mainly as a result of sales funds and financial management operations; investment returns have increased substantially by 35.8 per cent, as a result of increased investment returns from bond funds, and debt markets have been expected to boost revenues during the quarter.
3) Management fees contributed less to roa than ever, with cost-earnings rising by 13bp to 33.68 per cent in a quarter and still the highest in the main comparable bank, but this resulted from higher staff cost spending due to superior incentives in the leading industry. 4) The impairment of assets significantly delayed roa, with a significant increase of 88.6 per cent to 2.91 billion in the same year, and a broad impairment/average total asset ratio
In the narrow sense of credit, there has been a significant increase in loan credit impairments of the same size, and we measure annualized credit costs of the first quarter by a significant 41bp to 1.69%. However, the increase in impairments is not due to rising asset quality pressure, the company’s negative rate at the end of the first quarter being equal to 0.78%, and we measure annualized non-performing loans in the first quarter.
The net yield rate remained at a low of 0.63%, and prudential impairments were more than adequate in a context of high income growth, with end-of-cycle coverage still at a high level of 524.07%, leading to marketed banks.
In the case of private manufacturing and foreign trade enterprises, which account for a certain percentage of their assets, the quality of stock assets is stable, and the indicators such as the pre-quarterly overdue rate and the category of concern are considered to be more indicative than the negative rate. We believe that the company's long-term asset quality is subject to new rules that promote capital supplementation.
The core of excellence lies in the full acceptance of the grant authority to the head office (there is no credit approval authority at the branch office) and the high incentive and independent professional series promotion of the line of approval, a well-developed wind-control system that creates uniform standards of command and culture across the line. Of course, companies also benefit fully from high-quality government platforms, businesses, and retail customers in the region.
▪ The credit focus platform and retail sales are expected to have a small spread narrow in 2020. Savings and loans continue to increase at a high rate during the quarter, with deposits being higher than 1) versus public lines, short-term business liquidity needs and low market interest rate-led instrument discounts increasing significantly by 50.6% compared to the beginning of the period. In addition, the main driving force is local government platform-type operations with corporate banking lines.
Building investments have continued to grow, and we judge that government platform-type operations will be the core source of growth in corporate credit in 2020.2 Retail lines, with only 3.34 per cent growth in loans during the quarter affected by the epidemic, but we expect companies to increase their letters over the next three quarters, using a variety of cards, mortgages, consumer loans, etc., to take back some of the relatively high-yielding assets on a risk-controlled basis.
On the other hand, the yield on public loans, which are expected to be affected by the downside of lpr as a whole, is expected to be lower quarterly, while the acceleration of high-yield retail loans is expected to be able to hit interest rates to some extent, and the overall year-round net interest differential is expected to be flat and in line with the external environment.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board