The Ningpo Bank has increased profits, the Roe has maintained a leading industry, the Ningpo Bank has maintained excellent profitability, performance has increased and the Roe level has maintained a leading industry, the public has maintained a high level of profit.
In 2019, the company was able to transfer its assets to the top of the industry.
In 2019, Ningpo Bank maintained a fast increase in profits, with a 22.6% increase in net profits over the year; and in the first quarter of 2020, with a 33.7% increase in corporate revenues in the first quarter, with a sharp increase in revenue from non-interest income and an expansion in size. On a non-interest basis, the company achieved 47.9% in fees in the first quarter.
Rapidly rising, well above industry averages, mainly from sales funds and surrogate revenue from financial charges, Ningpo Bank showed an upward trend in 2019, with asset-end yields up by 5 bp and liability liabilities down by 16 bp. At asset-end, companies increase their lending efforts to promote higher rates of return.
The percentage point to 64%; in addition, companies adjust their active debt allocation structures to market interest rate fluctuations The expected narrow interest spreads are mainly influenced by lower asset-end rates of return. Regulatoryly lead the entity’s financing costs and changes in the credit delivery structure increase downward pressure on the credit rate of one quarter.
The quality of the assets remains excellent, the base of the provision is solid, Ningpo Bank assets continue to be excellent at 0.78% at the end of the season, the ring is flat at the end of 2019, and the non-performing loan rate continues to be low in the industry.
In the first quarter of the year, the negative rate of production was 0.65 / 0.60 %, which was better than in the industry. The company’s level of provision continued to be higher than that of listed banks, and the downside of the economy led to a higher than expected deterioration in asset quality.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business.
Ignorance non-performing loan rate of 0.78 per cent (+0bps, yoy/+0bps, qoq), provision coverage of 524 per cent (+0pct, qoq), loan allocation of 4.10 per cent (+0pct, fast-growing profitability, fee revenue growth brightly
In 2019, Ningpo Bank maintained a rapid increase in profits, with a 22.6% increase in net profits over the year; in the first quarter of 2020, net profits increased by 18.2% over the same year, and are expected to remain comparable levels of corporate leadership, driven mainly by strong growth in revenue. Companies achieved a 33.7% increase in revenue in the first quarter, and higher revenues in the first quarter were due to bright, uninterested income and expansion. In non-interest income terms, companies achieved 47.9% of fees in the first quarter.
Rapidly rising, far above the industry average, mainly from higher revenues from surrogate funds and surrogate finance charges; investment returns in the first quarter increased by 19.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis from net interest income in the first quarter of the Division. Against the backdrop of increased economic uncertainty, based on the precautionary principle, companies increased their provisions in the first quarter, with credit costs rising from 67bp to 2.08 per cent on a year-on-year basis, resulting in net profits increasing from 32.8 per cent before the provision.
In 2019, Ningpo Bank showed an upward trend, with an interest rate difference of 1.84% in 2019 and, if the impact of accounting standards is excluded, an increase of 10bp in 2019 compared to 2018. Of this, the asset end rate of return is 5bp, and the liability end rate is 16bp. At the end of the asset, the company optimizes the asset.
The company adjusts its active debt allocation structure and long-terms to the volatility of market interest rates, driving down the active debt cost ratio. See, while credit is actively disbursed in the first quarter, which promotes a further increase in the loan share (39.2%, 2020q1), broad liquidity and supervision of entity financing costs increase downward pressure on credit returns in the first quarter; and, in terms of credit structure, retail trust of companies in late 2019
The loan ratio was 34% (vs 32%, 2018), but there was insufficient demand for retail credit during the first quarter of the epidemic, and the change in the structure of credit delivery also had a negative impact on the rate of return on credit. At the end of the debt, based on our end-of-period caliber calculations, the cost ratio of one quarter of the debt was four quarters.
At the end of the quarter, the negative rate was 0.78 per cent, the ring was flat at the end of 2019, and the rate of non-performing loans remained low. At the end of 2019, the percentage of loans of concern was 0.74 per cent, an increase of 0.11 percentage points from the end of the second half of 2019.
Business pressure is expected to increase, and follow-up attention will need to be paid to changes in the asset quality of local outward-looking enterprises. Ningpo Bank has maintained excellent profitability, increased performance, and roe levels, both at the top of the industry, and corporate asset quality performance is better.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)