Recovering the downstream engineering and machinery industry, with a steady recovery and a breakthrough in performance Investment rating: upscaling (maintaining)
Billion dollars; and the announcement of a quarterly performance forecast: net profit return to the mother is $59 million, compared to $1.37 billion in 2016, an increase of 26 per cent; operating profit is $70 million, compared to the previous year
Two hundred and eighty-five per cent of the increase; the net return to the mother is $70 million, a 10.8 per cent increase over the same period.
Growth in operating income, with q1 excavator aggregate sales out of 40,000, cumulatively over the same period +99 per cent; second, 32 per cent increase in overseas sales revenue, with the United States dollar as the main currency of settlement; third, 52 per cent increase in investment returns; but before the new project due to high-precision hydraulic casts and pump valves
Current capital expenditures are larger, subject to amortization depreciation and capacity utilization factors, fixed costs are higher, gross corporate profits increase less than operating profits. Substream industries recover gradually, and major hydraulic product plates break new ground.
By product, 529 million, or +30 per cent, were collected in the excavator-specific tank camp; 560 million, or +8.6 per cent, in the non-flagged tank; the same size as the hydraulic kit + 12 per cent; and the same size of the tank spare parts, reversing the downward trend in the excavator industry over the past five years, with the large sales of the excavator-specific tank.
This growth, particularly since the fourth quarter, has been two-fold, with 100% growth in orders in November and December. The production of shield units, high-end marine industries, and hydraulic tanks for special vehicles continues to account for half of the non-target products, while the income of shield plates has increased by 29%, with domestic municipalities accounting for more than 70%.
The market outlook for new products, such as hydraulic valves, is good, and there is now a small batch mix, growing rapidly, and the future goal is to achieve import substitution. The tank and pump valve ratio is 1:2.5-1:3, and the pump valve corresponds to a market size of 2 to 2.5 billion. The company pump is small and weighs 20% less than its equivalent.
Low fuel consumption, with valves saving 10% over the same product. Revenue is expected to reach 150 million in 2017. In the area of hydraulic systems, companies have succeeded in winning the “Long Spring passenger bus hydraulic station project” and in the field of orbital transport hydraulics market.
The Māori rate for non-flagged tanks, components and hydraulic kits, tank fittings, hydraulic pump valves was over-expected in a quarterly period, with a yield of +119.6 per cent and a net profit of +1381.7 per cent.
Integrators have moved up to 100 million, a significant increase of 1381.7%, which is close to the full 2016 profit level. At the same time, companies have passed high input periods and the construction-in-progress closing balance has fallen by 60.64% compared to the opening balance, with depreciation.
Costs have largely peaked, and corporate profits are expected to increase continuously in the future as the downstream recovery continues and capacity utilization rises, and performance is expected to rise sharply. As the downstream engineering and machinery industry recovers noticeably, the company is a major supplier of spare parts in the short term.
In short supply of capacity, there is much room to look at the hydraulic pump valves in the medium to long term as an alternative to imports. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, we have the Securities Investment Advisory Board.