The company released its annual report for 2016 and its quarterly report for 2017. In 2016, the company achieved business income of $1.370 billion, together with the company ' s operating income of $557 million in the first quarter of 2017, an increase of 119.61 per cent, attributable to the mother-in-law.
The net profit of the division ' s shareholders was $59,491.0 million, an increase of 1381.65 per cent over the same period. The production of the special tank for excavators and the non-scopic tank for excavators has continued to recover, and the company ' s dedicated tank for excavators has been rebounding since the marked recovery of the engineering and machinery industry in 2016.
The company’s performance reversed noticeably. In the first quarter of 2017, the company made a profit of nearly $60 million.
With a strong recovery in downstream demand and a significant increase in the capacity utilization of companies, the scale effect will gradually become apparent, and the company’s profitability will grow more resiliently. Pump valve operations will be scaled up, and the national production market space will be vast.
In 2016, the company generated $83.336 million in pump valve operations, an increase of 2,634.75 per cent. The same-year increase in the output of the foundlings increased, and the cost-saving effects began to show, resulting in a significant loss. The company acquired shares in Hawiline and worked with Hawe to promote the nationalization of inline hydraulic pump products.
The product has already been assembled in small batches on some brand digs and other engineering machinery, the cost of depreciation for future import replacement space is largely high, the product structure is expected to continue to improve, the company ' s prior performance is more affected by depreciation, and overall, the company has passed high input periods, as of 2017.
As the industry recovers and the capacity utilization rises, the cost of depreciation will gradually weakens the company’s performance. As the excavator industry recovers, the ratio of oil tanks dedicated to high-morigging excavators is expected to rise, and it is expected that the company industry will continue to grow.
III. Profit forecasting and investment proposals: The recovery of engineering machinery has lasted less than expected, the opening of overseas markets has fallen short of expectations, and the opening of pump valves for new products has been hampered. Industry, with four years of experience, joined civil securities in 2012.
Liu Zhenyu, an undergraduate and master’s degree in materials and materials from Beijing University of Science and Technology, has studied metal materials, and graduate students have developed a hybrid current data collection system. Five years of investment management in China’s Metallurgical and Gold Engineering Group, two years of project management in the Beijing City Planning Committee system, and in 2015 he joined the People’s Securities.
Li Yong Peng, an undergraduate and master's degree from the Faculty of Mechanics and Technology, Beijing University of Technology, and seven years' experience in the field of aerospace and aviation. The Chinese Institute of Technology and Technology of the China Launch Vehicle, in China, has been working on the design of civilian aircraft, strategic planning in the field of space transport systems, the general validation of launch vehicles and technological research, space robotics, agricultural machines, etc., and has developed an in-depth understanding of technological trends, policy directions and industry in the manufacture of aerospace, space and related equipment.
Yingyang, Assistant Research Assistant in the Mechanical Industry, Graduate and Master ' s degree in economics at the Chinese People ' s University, three years of experience in the media, following up on new energy cars, industrial chains, mechanical industries, and joining civil securities in 2016. The author has a qualification and considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,