The company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2017, which is expected to achieve a significant recovery in the excavator industry in the first quarter of 2017, attributed to the shareholders of the listed company.
The company's performance has been reversed since 2016, when the engineering and machinery industry recovered significantly, as the company's main oil tank for domestic excavators. In the first quarter of 2017, the company achieved nearly $60 million in profits, close to the level of profits for the entire year last year. We believe that, with the strong recovery in downstream demand and a significant increase in the capacity utilization of the company,
The scale effect will gradually be felt, and the company’s profitability will increase with great elasticity. The excavator industry will continue to recover, selling 100,000 renewables throughout the year. About 100,000 sales are expected throughout the year.
The cost of depreciation is largely high and the product structure is expected to continue to improve between 2011 and 2015, when the cost of corporate depreciation increased from $24.32 million to $145 million, representing the ratio of operating income.
In the third quarter, only $216 million remained in construction work, with the best depreciation costs. As the industry recovered and the productivity rate increased, the depreciation cost went to the company’s performance.
The pump valves, hydraulic systems, and the national production market space are huge. We still have a large gap between the power component hydraulic pumps and the control component hydraulic valve technology and, with the exception of some of the universal valves, the main pump valves are still heavily dependent on imports.
The company’s multi-road valves, cylindrical pumps, etc., have already been accompanied by small batches on some brand digs and other engineering machinery, with large future import alternatives.
The industry, with four years of experience, joined the civil securities in 2012. Liu Zhenwoo, Beijing University of Science and Technology, undergraduate and master’s degree in materials, undergraduate studies in metal materials, graduate studies in the development of a hybrid data collection system.
KISG is engaged in five years of investment management, two years of project management in the Beijing City Planning Committee system, and in 2015 it joined the civil securities. There is a solid theoretical base and extensive practical experience in the field of mechanical equipment and basic materials. Li Yong-Pang, undergraduate and master's degree in mechanics, Beijing University of Technology, seven years of aviation and aviation.
In 2015, the Institute of Art and Technology joined Yingyang, a research assistant in the mechanical industry, an undergraduate and a master ' s degree from the Chinese People ' s University School of Economics, three years of experience in the media and following up on new energy vehicles.
The author, with the qualifications and considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and that, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.