Gree reported a strong set of interim results, with revenue and EPS growing by
31.4% and 34.2% respectively, led by strong results in air conditioning. At present,
investor concern is focused on deteriorating China AC sales growth in July / August.
We believe top line concerns are likely to pressure the stock into 2H18, and we trim
our 2018 / 2019 EPS estimates by 5.7% / 11.4% and reduce our target price from
Home Appliances Sector
RMB 48 to RMB 42.6 to account for softening top line growth.
Investment Highlights
Hold
Strong 1H18 growth, but weaker margins: Gree's AC segment, which comprised
~80% of total sales, grew 38.8% YoY. Gree indicated that sales growth was faster in
Tier 3/4 cities for the period. In spite of strong top line growth, gross margins in the
AC segment contracted 410bps on account of increased raw materials prices and
low utilization at a new Changsha factory. Gree negated the impact of gross margin
Close: RMB 38.95 (Aug. 31, 2018)
compression and by cutting selling expense by 350bps to 8.7%, a historical low,
which may prove unsustainable in our view.
AC growth decelerating in 2H18: Midea, Gree, and Qingdao Haier all experienced
Target Price: RMB 42.6 (+9%)
negative growth in AC sales in July due to high base effect and weather. We
understand Gree experienced singled digit negative volume/sales growth in July due
Price Performance
to high base and weather effect. In August, negative growth has moderated to
approximately flat growth YoY. This trend is consistent with our channel checks and
reporting from other home appliance manufacturers.
Dividend disappoints: Gree announced a proposed interim dividend of RMB3.6bn,
indicating ~30% payout ratio for 1H18. This is less than our and market expectations
of ~50% payout, and below Gree's historical payout ratio of ~60-70%. Gree has not
provided clear guidance on whether it still intends to pay a delayed dividend on
2017's earnings. Gree has also not provided further clarity on where it intends to
invest its cash reserves.
Inventory levels under control: Gree's factory and channel inventory remain
seasonally low, according to the Company. Similarly, channel inventory levels of
industry competitors also remain well controlled.
Inexpensive valuation. In spite of a strong 2018H1 top line, we remain cautious
about Gree's 2018H2 in light of low visibility on AC sales, the lack of new discernible
long-term growth drivers, and an inconsistent corporate strategy. Gree derives ~88%
of its revenue from China, making its earnings almost wholly reliant on the domestic
China market. On this basis, we believe Gree warrants a discount relative to its peers
Haier and Midea. We cut our 2018/2019 EPS estimates by 5.7%/11.4% and value
the Company at 9.5x PER, implying a 12-month target price of RMB42.6, or ~9%
upside.
Sources: Company, Bloomberg
Jeff Dorr - Analyst
An Zhang – Analyst
Johnson Cheung - Research Director
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
Sources: Company Reports, CGIS Research
Figure 3: Midea Segmentation Snapshot
Sources: Company Reports, CGIS Research
FINANCIAL MODEL
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International
Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such
jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made
as to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance.
The recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited and any of its
subsidiaries ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International.
China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies) the securities in respect of which are reviewed in this report, and
such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or more than 1 % of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
China Galaxy International may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of, any
or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, China Galaxy International may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is,
or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal
in or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-
listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
BUY
share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
SELL
share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
HOLD
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.