The Peace Bank ($00001.sz) recorded a sharp decline in interest spreads, a slower rate of production, a slower rate of profit than in 2016. A single quarter of Peace Bank achieved net profit of $6,214 million, a year-on-year increase.
The larger fall in the nim ring ratio during the first quarter was due mainly to the higher average daily balance ratio and interest rate increases for the end-of-the-life and peer liability, the poor interest spread ratio for the first quarter, the stable interest ratio and the slower rate of adverse generation. Operating income increased by 8.2 per cent over the same period.
Retail loans accounted for more than 60 per cent of the new loans in the first quarter, and the additional retail loans were mainly directed to mortgages. \rightarrow ' s fee commission revenue decelerated significantly, mainly on a higher base in the first quarter of the year, compared to the 2-4 quarter of last year
It's already in operation, and it's in large part due to the 2.3 and 1.7 percentage points growth in production, but the cash and central bank deposits, and the disbursal of assets, respectively, contribute 1.9 percentage points to the list of partners, and fair value liabilities and deposits contribute less to the increase in indebtedness.
Nim Rings show a sharper decline, mainly due to average daily balances and interest rates of the end-of-a-bundancy and interest rates, 10 basis points for the return ratio and 30 basis points for the cost of paying interest liabilities. The credit spreads fall by only 4 basis points, and the interest spreads drop by a large percentage due mainly to the end-of-a-bundry reconciliations and peer liability days.
Average balances increased by 2.0 percentage points and 4.2 percentage points and interest rates increased by 66 and 81 basis points, respectively, in relation to average daily interest-paying liabilities, while average daily deposits increased by 1 quarter, the interest rate stabilized and the rate of negative generation slowed.
Lee Sansancfa, six quarters ago. In light of the new bad structure, the increase was mainly due to corporate loans, personal operating loans and credit card receivables, while the deficit in automobile loans was significantly lower than at the beginning of the year (projected).
Han Ka Na, mainly because of the increased handling of the loan. The negative credit ratio of businesses increased by 0.03 percentage points, which was significantly slower before, and was the main driver of the negative growth slowdown. Credit card failure rate, 1.55%, ring margin.
Since the end of 2016, the Special Asset Management Enterprise has recovered bad assets of $2.394 billion in one quarter, an increase of 111,86% over the same period. Retail loans account for more than 60% of new loans in one quarter.
Of the new loans, the ratio of public, paper discounts, retail (excluding credit cards) and credit card loans was generally +50 per cent, -11 per cent, +51 per cent and +10 per cent, respectively. At the end of the quarter, retail loans (including credit cards) were significantly slower than the net revenue from commission fees. The revenue from commission fees was $9,125 million, an increase of 2.6 per cent.
The same-year rate slowed considerably by 49.1 percentage points, and the revenue from fees increased mainly from credit cards to finance operations.The net revenue from commissions was $8.15 billion, an increase of only 0.6 per cent, compared to 15.7 per cent in 2016, representing a 29.4 per cent increase in revenue from operations.
The slowdown is mainly due to the fact that the company is actively promoting the transformation of its smart retailing strategy through consulting fees, agency and commission fees, and income from asset hosting fees, and the rapid growth of the retail customer base, with breakthroughs in retail services, products, channels and organization. Aum was retailed at the end of the first quarter, amounting to $906,386 million.
Medium: 387.8 million private banks and wealth clients, an increase of 12.80% from the end of the previous year. On services, big data capture clients’ needs precisely, creating a retail banking service system centred on "sat (social + mobile applications + remote services) + smart points", covering full contact and seamless interface with customers; on products,
Significant development of consumer finance, upgrading of wealth management and building of one-stop retail integrated financial services; deepening of external cooperation through the creation of a new model for the development of b2b2c retail business based on smart master accounts; and organizationally, the introduction of a large number of professionals with Internet experience, with Internet-based organization management supporting rapid innovation
The ring ratio decreased by 1.0 percentage points from the beginning of the year by a factor of 0.08.0.11/0.05 percentage points, and the Bank of Peace is a cross-regional joint-stock commercial bank controlled by China Peace Insurance Group Limited.
Silver International, Room 1701, 17th Floor, New Year Square, 181 Queens Avenue.