Hengtaisecurities Heinaukawa is a big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big,
The company is the world's leading power cell system provider, focusing on the development, production and marketing of new energy automobile power systems, storage systems and the provision of new global energy applications.
First-class solutions. The company has core technical advantages and sustainable research and development capabilities in the critical areas of the industrial chain, such as battery materials, battery systems, battery recycling, which have created a comprehensive and well-developed production service.
The raw materials for lithium ion batteries consist mainly of positive materials, negative materials, diaphragms, electrolytes, etc. The various lithium ion cell material manufacturers are upstream firms in the lithium ion battery chain.
The battery industry chain is run by a middle-swap company that is a lithium ion battery manufacturer and produces different specifications, different volumes of lithium ion cores, and then selects different lithium ion cores, modules and battery management according to the end customer's requirements using positive and negative materials, electrolytes and diaphragms supplied by upstream battery material manufacturers
The lithium ion battery product is ultimately used in consumer electronics (electronic digital products such as cell phones, laptops, brains, etc.), power (electrical tools, electric bicycles, electric cars, etc.) and storage energy. In battery recovery, nickel and cobalt-manganese are priced in used lithium ion batteries.
Metals can be recycled for the production of lithium cell materials, such as lithium ion batteries before the third dollar drive, battery-grade lithium carbonate and trinity materials, and are made available to upstream enterprises for the production of lithium ion cell positive materials to allow nickel cobalt manganese resources to be recycled in the battery industry.
The company has a leading international research and development team and has set up a “Students' Workstation” in Fujian Province. It has a provincial priority laboratory for lithium ion batteries, a testing and certification centre certified by China's National Accreditation Committee (cnas) and participated in the Technical Conditions for the Safety of Motor Vehicles, Electricity.
The company has undertaken the 12th Five-Year National New Energy Vehicle Technology Innovation Project, and the 13th Five-Year National Priority Research and Development Programme for New Energy Vehicles.
National projects such as the project and the project on smart power grids and equipment, and the pilot project on industrialization of the national torch scheme, were among the first 10 power cell enterprises to be selected for the catalogue of the Ministry of Communications ' s " Coded Conditions for the Automotive Batteries Industry " , and eight lithium ions for the " Coded Conditions for the Lithium ion Batteries Industry " catalogue.
The company acquired the China Association of Chemical and Physic Power Industries, “China Power and Storage Top 10 Enterprises with Lithium ion Batteries”, the China Storage Energy Network, “China's most influential storage industry”, and the National Post-Sales Services Evaluation Committee, “Five Stars of Post-Sale Services”
The Ministry of Industry and Communications and the Ministry of Finance are among the honours of the National Model Enterprise for Technological Innovation 2017. $9.86 million will be used to raise funds for the production of lithium ion-powered batteries in the Ningde era, operating income and net profits in 2015-2017.
The proposed use of 420,000 million yuan to raise funds for the development of power and storage batteries in the Ningde era, and the risks of changes in the policy of the new energy automobile industry, which has benefited from the impetus of the national policy of the new energy automobile industry, has been growing more rapidly since 2009, with power cells as a new energy source.
Changes in policies related to the new energy automobile industry have had some impact on the growth of the power cell industry, which in turn has affected the sale of company products and business earnings. If the policy downturn is higher than expected, or if there are significant adverse changes in related industrial policies, it may be beneficial.
The company’s performance has had a significant negative impact. Market demand volatility risks.
The development of the new energy automobile industry is still affected to some extent by factors such as navigational capacity, accommodating power supply facilities. No significant fluctuations in demand in the new energy car market would have had a significant impact on the company’s production operations if it had not been affected by industrial policy changes, the construction and extension of support facilities, and customer recognition.
The future growth of the issuer is influenced by internal and external factors, such as the industry environment, market demand, business R & D, and management. If the external environment facing companies in the future changes significantly or the company is unable to take advantage of technology,
Businesses are at risk of falling performance or not sustaining growth when technological innovation, product R & D, marketing and so on continue to have a leading edge and market expansion fail to meet expectations.