The company is the leading global provider of power cell systems, focusing on the development, production and marketing of new energy automobile power cell systems, storage systems, and working to provide a first-rate solution for new global energy applications. The company possesses nuclear power in key areas of the industry chain, such as battery materials, battery systems, battery recycling, etc.
For the third year in a row, corporate power cell sales ranked the top three of the global power cell companies and the world's first sales in 2017. For domestic brand customers, companies and the Wootong Group, the Upper Gas Group, the North Gas Group, the Gilley Group, the Foo Group, the Central Motors Group, the East Wind Group and the Changon Group are the leading companies in the world.
With long-term strategic cooperation; with regard to international brand clients, companies have entered the supply system of the BMW, the general public, and a small number of domestic suppliers that provide power cell solutions for international automobile brands. At the same time, companies have worked with new and emerging brands, such as the Ulen Cars, to actively create smart cars.
6.80gwh and 11.84gwh, ranked third in the global power cell industry for the third consecutive year and first in sales in 2017. At the same time, the company has the most extensive customer base in the industry, with over 3,200 cars in the 12 new energy vehicle catalogues published by the Department of Trade and Communications by the end of 2017, of which more than 500, or about 16 per cent, of the public power cells, are the largest power cell manufacturers.
There is a strong capacity in supply chain management, cost control, talent gathering, technology continuity, customer service. As production scale continues to grow, the company’s strength becomes more pronounced. (2) The company has developed a well-developed system of production services in terms of battery materials, battery systems, battery recovery, etc., in cooperation with upstream suppliers.
In terms of client cooperation, the company has become a designated supplier for a number of well-known national and international whole-carrying enterprises, through joint product development and joint ventures.
The Division, for example, promotes design and supply chain optimization, enhances product competitiveness, and consolidates leading market positions. (3) Companies have specialized, diversified and internationalized management teams, and core managers have accumulated a wealth of expertise and practical experience in power cells and related areas, and have demonstrated a strong and forward-looking attitude in market direction and technology route judgement on several occasions.
In the area of new energy commercial vehicles, company management pre-positioned the phosphate lithium technology route product; in the area of new energy vehicles, company management placed the trio-material product with high energy and power density, which is a technological leader in the current power cell market. Sofang: Master of Financial Engineering, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, 2015
In the six months following the report, this report has been prepared by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company will not be treated as a customer by the recipient of the report. The accuracy and completeness of the information is not guaranteed. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the information in the report is consistent with the information expressed.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position, and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should also take into account their respective investment objectives, financial position, and specific needs, and, if necessary, financial considerations.
You can consult with professional consultants on matters such as business, law, business, taxation, etc.