Staff Holding Plan Plus, 800-g-cyclical company growth momentum 30 December 2022 Summary of events: 28 December, company launch of Phase 3 of the Staff Holding Scheme (draft), staff member
Ten thousand shares, or 1.40% of the company’s current stock, are unlocked in three stages, at the point of 12 months, 24 months and the performance target from the date of the company’s last bid stock transfer to the date of the employee’s shareholding plan.
\triangleright refers to the attribution of interest (including depreciation of interest on capitalization) to the founder shareholders in Suzhou without deduction of all remaining equity incentives and the current cost amortization of the employee ' s shareholding plan.
In terms of participants, including company directors (excluding independent directors), supervisors, senior managers, s01052110003.
There are no more than 300 managers, core managers, and cadres. Overall, the coverage of this equity stimulus programme is extensive and is expected to further enhance the motivation and cohesion of the workforce and accelerate the company ' s future.
There's still a high trend overseas, and in 2023 the industry will open up 400 g to 800 g of products \triangleright generation, and the pre-eminently superior head producers in the 800g area will come up with important development opportunities: the digital domain will continue to be protected.
At a high profile, capex at 22q3 Amazon/Google/Meusoft/Meta totalled $39.31 billion, compared to 1. Middle Slam (300308.sz) in the third quarter of 2022.
The climate is still the same, with 800 g light module products coming in, which will provide an important addition to the industry. According to the pattern of developments in the digital module industry, each round of new product rotations will result in a deep chaining of large customers, and the mid-point stump (300308.sz) will be evaluated in 2022:
The company’s 800g product is highly technologically powerful and pre-emptively superior, and the 800g demand will be released to the company \triangleright.
The semi-annual 2022 industry of Mid-Stock (300308.sz) provides an important engine of growth: companies are the world's first to publish, deliver and certify performance ratings through 800g light module products: industry's high-profile high-end products continue to grow.
Vendors, currently deeply tied down to large downstream customers, 800g products have been tested in advance by key clients overseas
According to company announcements, companies have maintained industry leadership in the import and market share of 800g products, accelerated progress in new areas such as silicon & laser radar, growing space, and priority offshore customers have been buying and deploying 800g products in bulk since the fourth quarter of 2022.
The giant company 2022/07/09, the main supplier of 800g, has received orders from its clients for the coming year and will benefit fully in the coming year.
There is a persistently high demand in overseas markets, with 22q1 performances and a huge number of champions, benefiting fully from the high-end twilight module demand spread. Meanwhile, there is much room for future growth in emerging areas such as the trunking light module, the silicon light module, and the laser radar.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.