Performance meets expectations, new items such as 800g & associated modules accelerate progress \triangleright performance meets expectations, asset impairments are ready to be fully accounted for, and it is expected to be light-loaded in 2023: on equity incentives
The company's performance, influenced by the cost of \triangleright, the readiness to devalue its assets, is still outstanding, with the cost impact of $75 million in 2022, and the value added of Sioux's fixed and intangible assets assessment.
The impact of the depreciation amortization was $49 million, the impact of inventory allowance was $148 million, and the impact on Xu, Suzhou, was $10 million. In addition, other factors that had a positive impact on performance included the equity of the consortium's Xuantsu.
The return on investment recognized in the s0105211003 Act increased the company ' s net profit by 73 million yuan, and non-recurrent gains and losses such as changes in the fair value of the company ' s direct investment projects and government grants increased the net profit by 182 million yuan.
Maga Wei, the market view continues to grow in demand for high-end products, and product structure optimization contributes to the Māori ratio: by \triangleright
To benefit from the growing demand for data centre customer traffic and the continued commitment of capex, the downstream cloud giants have increased the layout of high-end products such as 200g and 400g, pushing up transmission rates, and companies have fully benefited from downstream demand in 2022 as a global high-end traffic light model. With high-end product demand, the company light module has grown.
The product structure is optimized and sustained focus on efficiency gains, with a certain increase in the company’s Māori ratio. At the same time, in line with overseas demand, the company’s overseas production and distribution is continuing, and according to the company’s announcement, the Thai plant is finished in 2022.
Prenatal preparations and official output in 2023 are expected to accelerate the pace of new products such as the tri-quarter reporting point 800g in 2022, the associated light module, which is expected to provide a significant increase in performance in the future:
\triangleright Review: Overseas highs are still high, corporate performance is high - 400 g light modules are maturing, and the digital luminous module industry in 2023 will have a new technology iterative cycle, 800g
The light module will be ready for release. The company was the first to publish, deliver and authenticate 800g-light module products worldwide.
Over-expected performance, full access to new products such as high-profile areas and 2022 products and associated light modules have been delivered in small quantities and are expected to provide significant growth in the future.
With the growth in demand for high-end twilight modules at the same time as the 800g product will be released in the future, the company will accelerate its progress in new areas, such as silicon light and laser radar, and the advantage of growing space is expected to benefit fully.
The huge 2022/07/09 domain continues to advance and is expected to open up further future growth space. Maintenance of the `recommended' rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.