After a slightly over-expected performance in 2022, follow-up attention was given to 800g products and the build-up of global arithmetic expectations.
On 28 February 2023, the company released its 2022 performance report. During the reporting period, the company achieved a slightly higher-than-market expectation of operating income and maintained its “buy-in” proposal.
96.42 billion yuan, yoy+25 per cent, net profits achieved by the company, 1.236 billion yuan, yoy+41 per cent; quarterly purchases of 200g and 400g light modules, which benefited the company as a leader in the industry, resulted in a two-fold increase in revenue and profitability throughout the year.
Billions of dollars in impairments result in a significant drag on performance; impairments are mainly due to depreciation of old production lines and remeasurement of inventory. Taken together, companies optimize the quality of their assets, and subsequent disturbances will be significantly reduced, with the expectation that they will be lightened in the future.
The product structure continues to be optimized, leading to a significant increase in corporate profitability: the company ' s Māori ratio increased throughout the year 2022, benefiting mainly from product structure optimization, such as 200g and 400g high-end light modules for product combinations
And the appreciation of the United States dollar has led to a positive effect on exchange rates. At the same time, firm size effects have been highlighted, and efficiency gains are evident.
It also enhances the profitability of companies throughout the year. 800g front-line products accept small bulk orders and are expected to open up a new growth curve in the future: the share of global light institutional investors in liquiditya
The module market is undergoing a new round of 800g changes, Google, and Inveda. Producers like Meta are expected to accelerate the deployment of the next generation network in 2023, and are expected to boost the scale application of the 800g light module.
Reserves are adequate, with small bulk deliveries achieved last year 04, and orders for overseas client batch deployments have been accepted this year, with the prospect of a significant increase in the 800-g delivery volume, a new pre-emptive advantage, a consolidation of the vanguard position, and a continued turnover of high-end products that are expected to further improve profitability.
On 11th, an announcement was issued to buy back about 15 million shares, which is about the firm’s total equity.chatgpt drives global arithmetic demand, and digital China drives domestic arithmetic demand for the next two years.
Demand or past market expectations: the area of aigc has been catagptated in the near future, and major domestic and foreign manufacturers have accelerated the deployment of this area. From 2012 to 2018, the demand for training ai’s arithmetic has increased by 300,000 times, and the emergence of large models has since accelerated the demand for training arithmetic.
On the other hand, on February 27, 2023, the State Council issued the Digital China Building General Layout Plan, which not only proposes to speed up the digital base layout, but also the numbers.
State-building efforts include a reference for the evaluation of leading cadres, which is expected to accelerate the development of the country’s digital infrastructure and increase domestic numeracy. The company’s light module products, especially the 800g frontier products, will effectively meet the deep demand for future numeracy at home and abroad. We believe that the i market is global.
The rigid demand for power, the policy-driven over-expected demand for domestic computing, will be in line with the market's earlier expectations of a macroeconomic recession abroad and the downward adjustment of overseas cloud producers' capital spending.
Inner revenue and profit contributions. Profit forecasts: associated with a sustained high industry for the next two years, and a company’s share in the industry is not risky;3 and overseas cloud producers’ capital expenditures fall short of expectations.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.