Intermediary (300308.sz) Communications group.
High-end product demand is strong and profitability is further enhanced. The 40-quarter measurement is 1. “Performance is higher than expected, 800-g products bring new growth dynamics – an increase in middle-class innovation, sustained corporate efficiency gains, and the appreciation of the dollar against the renminbi,” and so on.
During the reporting period, the company recognized a series of costs, resulting in net profits 2. " Performance is higher than expected, high-end products continue to advance - Mid-Sud is 22h and a half million dollars: Sioux has created, and the cost of depreciation amortization is $49 million: subsidiaries are stuck."
3. The product structure optimizes the Māori rate, with a high number of high-profile events continuing - millions of dollars in the middle; and storage technology goodwill has been reduced by $31 million, etc. The full light module has been firmly established and 800 g and related products have been delivered in small quantities.
The Division is committed to maintaining product leadership and providing dynamic energy for future income growth.
The company continues to build high-end product production capacity, with full market demand for high-end light module technology and volume. It is expected that in 2023, the Division will maintain a sustained lead in high-end products such as 200g/400g, which will be 800g light.
The product structure is expected to continue to be optimized and market prospects are high. The 800g product has now been received by large overseas clients, with a projected increase in the volume of goods delivered in 2023 by several times the same amount and higher.
According to Lightcounting, the light model, based on corporate technological advantages and industry leadership, is expected to grow 20% + above industry average in the future. Markets or fear of a recession abroad, we think.
The cloud calculates the client ' s capital expenditure as rigid and the company ' s product is strong, strong, and looks forward to the company ' s continuing performance and long-term growth.
As a result of the overall high-end product-led corporate performance expectations, we have increased our high-speed product income and the Māori rate of some of our products, with the company ' s projected net profit from 2022/2023/2024 forecast to the forecast of a macroeconomic recession in North America; capital spending by overseas Internet producers has fallen short of expectations;
Increased friction between US trade, higher competition and higher-than-anticipated price declines, less-than-expected R & D of new products.