In the evening of March 25, 2025, China and China issued a 2024 annual report. In 2024, the Public Administration achieved a revenue of 48.302 billion yuan, or + 9.5 per cent, and a net return to the mother of 3,137 million yuan, or + 9.5 per cent.
Of these, 2024q4, the company earned $14,640 million, i.e. +0.3 per cent, the ring + 31.5 per cent; the expansion of the company's overseas operations accelerated in 2024.
\triangleright Technology, Ships, Discovery plates + 9.4%, +7.4%, +20.9% respectively, Increases are evident in the operations of the \triangleright operations, mainly through the consolidation of ship resources and expansion of the number of ships managed by companies
In the case of cash flows, the company’s annual cash capital expenditure was reduced, and cash borrowing was reduced, resulting in investments.
The net cash flow for both capital and financing has declined. In other cases, corporate interest charges have decreased in the same year as debt service. Non-recurring corporate gains and losses are mainly due to the recognition of late payments and off-the-shelf expenditures associated with reserves, which total about $250 million, as a result of Mexican subsidiary tax matters.
Drilling services: Platform day-to-day fees increased in spite of a decline in the number of operational days. In 2024, the Department operated 48 self-incented drilling platforms, 14 semi-submarine drilling platforms, 44 of which were in China and 18 overseas. The domestic/international Māori rate for drilling operations was 14.12%--
For semi-submarine drilling platforms, the usage rate for the calendar days was +0.9 pct, -11 pct to 81.8 per cent, and 65.2 per cent respectively, with less work being done by semi-submarine platforms affected by weather factors in the south of the country.
Of the four corporate platforms that were suspended in the Middle East in the first half of the year, Zhenhai 6 has been operational in the East China Sea, ae1 and coslseeker have been locked into contracts in South-East Asia, with the company Sunda Securities Co. Ltd. in the North Sea region of Norway.
The high-day drilling platform and the South China Sea 8 are operational in South America, and we believe that the company will continue to increase the level of fees and utilization of the platform in the coming days.
In Beijing, the city's west-city area is known for its success and steady increase in profit rates.
\triangleright's high-end oil and gas equipment brand was successfully launched, and the system should be scaled up with increasing capacity, and the completion of the system will effectively enhance the autonomy of our industry at sea.
Level. The company continues to expand its external market share while enhancing technology, and has successfully entered into service contracts for projects such as drilling wells and cable surveying wells in South-East Asia.
Over 200 ships (over 170 in 2023), such as protected boats. The number of companies managing their ships and their annual operations have increased significantly, leading to the successful opening of new customers in the South-East Asian market.
Timelights complement each other in releasing productive capacity, promoting a breakthrough in overseas regional development, completing operational tasks in West Africa, South America, and South-East Asia, and successfully signing the first North American Operations Service (NAOS) project.
\triangleright Oil Co. Ltd. associated transactions amounted to 77.4%, and in 2025 China Sea Oil Program capital expenditure was $1250-1350 billion. The continued high level of China Sea Oil capital expenditure ensured firm performance.
\triangleright \triangleright
Performance will continue to grow, maintaining a “buy-in” rating of companies, risk factors: macroeconomic fluctuations and downside risks in oil prices; demand recovery less than expected risk; upstream capital expenditure less than expected risk; geopolitical risk; and exchange rate fluctuations risk.
Xinda Energy Research Team Profiles Dr. Zho, Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Council for Geology and Mineral Economics, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's Pool of Experts, Member of the China Price Association's Coal Price Select Committee and former member of the China Coal Industry Association
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service (which chaired the workshop) for more than a decade has been involved in research and research in coal and energy-related fields. He has been the chair of the 13th Five-Year National Coal Survey and Development Planning Study, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultancy. He is responsible for research in the coal sector in June 2016. He has been in charge of research on large-scale energy panels since 2019.
Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Central and Professional Committee of the China Society of Environmental Sciences on carbon peaks. He was an expert and assistant director of the China Institute of Technology on petrochemicals, who led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed the study on “Incentive and Implementation Path to Carbon Peak” in the petrochemical industry and participated in the national ministry's oil and gas industry planning, the construction of a new energy system, and industry carbon.
In March 2023, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for major energy-related research and research in the petrochemical sector. Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest China. In July 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre.
Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to engage in petrochemical components that are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical or opinion in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.