The increase in profits from mineral copper and zinc operations was in line with expectations on 27 August 2018: on 25 August, the UV Mine released its mid-2018 report. During the first half of 2018, the company achieved operating income of 49.814 billion yuan, an increase of 32.75 per cent over the same period; it was attributed to the company.
The Māori rate for mineral copper and zinc operations is 52.85 per cent and 68.60 per cent, respectively, and contributes more to company profits than the mineral gold business. Exchange losses are reduced and financial costs are down.
In the first half of 2018, the macroeconomic situation was critical, trade between China and the United States intensified, and, as of 29 June, the renminbi's exchange rate against the United States dollar was well internationalized and profitable. In recent years, companies have continued to move the internationalization process forward and have achieved remarkable results, with mineral funds from overseas projects in the first half of 2018.
\triangleright Congo Kolwezi copper mine completed production in the second half of 2017, with steady progress in the construction of the second phase of the integrated copper and cobalt resource recovery project; strategic investment in the Chinese-Sinmet metals in the development of the Congolese Kamo A-Cakura copper mine and accelerated construction of the project; successful resumption of production in the wake of the earthquake in Pogla gold mine, Papua New Guinea, already in progress
Production resumed fully in June; priority projects, such as the second phase of the Russian Tuva multi-metal mining project and the construction of a gold tailings bank in Tajikistan, are well under way. With the steady advancement of the construction of the Don-e-Teon project abroad, it is expected that new profit growth points will continue to be made available to the company.
Risk factors: global recovery of mine production; under-achievement of mine production; significant fluctuations in metal prices; construction of offshore works less than expected.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The company's first-page financial data is on the non-ferrous metal and steel team.
The University of Foreign Economics and Trade, with its Master of Financial Sciences, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2016 for non-ferrous metal research. Von Mengang, Assistant Research Assistant, Construction Materials Industry. Master of Mining Engineering, China University of Mining (Beijing), joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2018 for construction materials research.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.