On August 25, 2018, the UV Mining Disclosure Company reported a six-monthly revenue of 2018h1 with a relative depth of 300 indexes.
The increase in copper, zinc and iron concentrate in mines led to a significant increase in corporate performance: 172 per cent in net profit from the withdrawal of the company during the first half of the year compared to the previous year.
The significant increase of 55 per cent during the same period indicates a steady improvement in the business performance of the company ' s main business, with the company ' s mineral products still in a profit release period. 218h1 achieved $7.1 billion in Māori, an increase of 29.6 per cent over the same period, which is the main driver of the significant growth in the company ' s business performance in the first half of 2018.
Slates such as zinc, gold ore and iron ore are the main components of the company’s integrated Māori, accounting for 82% of the total. The assessment reports have benefited from higher copper, zinc and iron ore prices and corresponding mineral production _aaa_violet mining (601899).
This increase, which increased by 52.0 per cent, 46.7 per cent and 68 per cent, respectively, in the company ' s copper, zinc and iron concentrate products during the reporting period, was the main driver of growth for the company as a whole.
In the case of the mineral gold business, a decline of 5.27 per cent in the year-on-year value of the company ' s mineral gold plate during the reporting period resulted in a certain drag on the company ' s performance. In addition to the lead business, the exchange loss in the company ' s financial costs was substantially reduced by 560 million on the same date, a decrease was reached.
45.8% positive contribution to corporate profits. In addition, in the first half of 2018, the main reason for the large difference in net profit growth and net profit growth in non-departures was that in the first half of 2017 the company made a larger difference as a result of higher equity returns (668 million yuan)
The construction of mining projects within and outside the country has progressed steadily, and the capacity of companies has continued to expand: during the reporting period, several projects within and outside the territory of the Department have progressed steadily.
Ten thousand tons, expected to be phased in by 2018-2019; 2) 2nd remunerative report and biopreoxidation research report completed, and 2nd phase fully completed. The post-combination gold production capacity is expected to expand to 60,000 tons, providing a steady increase in the company ' s future gold production in the mines
In the case of offshore projects: 1) the Kolwezi copper float system produced in the first half of 2018 22,000 tons of copper in copper concentrates, which is expected to increase by some 3 to 40 million tons throughout the year; 2) Eiffonha in the Congo ' s Kamoa-Cacura copper development introduced a strategic investment in Sino-metal, Effenhow.
The issue of development funding has been resolved and the construction of the Kamoa Phase I project is expected to accelerate; 3) The Poglakin mine in Papua New Guinea, which was partially inactive in the first half of the year because of the earthquake, has resumed full production in June and will be operational in the second half of the year.
Two claims advances totalling $40 million were received in the first half of the year, and the total amount of compensation and subsequent payment dates have yet to be negotiated with the insurance companies; (4) Priority projects such as the two phases of mining of Russian zinc polymetallic deposits and the construction of the Tajik gold tailings bank are well under way.
Mineral copper released on schedule and geological exploration effectively increased its reserves: during the reporting period, companies produced 16,880 kg of mineral gold, a decrease of 10.48 per cent over the same period, mainly due to Papua New Guinea ' s 6.17 per cent over the same period in February of this year; mineral copper production was 119,367 tons, an increase of 30.41 per cent over the same period.
Mainly as a result of the production and rapid production of the Congo ' s Kolwezi copper floating system in June 2017; the production of zinc in the mineral zinc concentrates was 148,311 tons, an increase of 4.51 per cent compared to the previous year; lead in the lead concentrates was 19,274 tons, a decrease of 0.29 per cent compared to the previous year; and iron concentrates were 1.27 million tons, the same amount.
This is a 1.5 per cent decrease; the consortium (41.5 per cent) produces 29.13 million tons of iron ore (by equity), an increase of 20.65 per cent over the same period.
- A continuous increase in the storage of the Kakura segment, calculated at 1 per cent of the border grade, with 17.1 million tons of copper metal resources at the control level of the Kakura segment and 2.15 million tons of presumably copper metal resources, which is an increase over the data released in May 2017 for the Qakura segment.
Increased exploration of the copper and cobalt resources of the Congolese copper mine in Kolwezi, with increased reserves around the mines, with greater potential: 3) Hill West-Full-Full gold mine in the Pulse mine looking for ore and pebbles mine assessment continues to make significant progress: 4) Three valuable lead zinc deposits in the post-Nemunu region, Henan Palace gold mines, etc.
The mining industry has also achieved significant results in prospecting, and the current valuation is low, with a strong degree of certainty about the growth of recent and forward production and sales, as well as the maintenance of an “uptake” rating in view of the growth of the company.