\triangleright The difference is from 9.9% of Eiffon Haugh's general share in circulation held by the fully-owned company Kim-Hung-Hung Mine.
The company has implemented the new Financial Workforce Standard since 1 January 2018, reclassifying Eiffenhow's stock holdings as “financial assets measured at fair value and recorded in other combined gains” without affecting current gains or losses.
The unit's net return profit, compared to the trend of 300 deep, still amounts to $2,523 million, net profit deductions are about 172 per cent higher than the same year, and business performance is quickly released, even slightly higher than we had expected.
The rapid release of the company’s business performance was due, on the one hand, to a substantial increase in the price of minerals on a year-on-year basis. In the Yangtze River, colored data show that in the first half of 2018, the average price of 1 # copper was approximately 52,000 yuan per ton, an increase of 11.72 per cent and 0 # zinc, an increase of approximately 25.5 million yuan per ton, an increase of 10.91 per cent in the same year.
Releases. Increases are due in part to the Congo ' s Kolwezi copper mining project, which was launched in June 2017 and is expected to reach production in 2018, with a mineral copper production capacity of 55,000 tons per year. Production of mineral copper from the Kolwezi copper mine is expected to increase from 22 million tons in 2017 to 45,000 tons in 2018.
The first 6 million tonnes/year selection project for the market-focused Kamoa copper mine has begun and is expected to start production in the second half of 2020, with an average annual production of mineral copper above 240,000 tons of metal. Given that copper prices are moving up the long-term cycle, and zinc prices are expected to remain high, companies benefit from production.
Research assistants: Liu Menjing and 10x, pe below the average valuation value of a company listed in industry, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Volume rises pending release of performance, countercyclical M & A build-up of international mining giants Summary of data projections in the financial statements of companies
Yang Lin, Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering and Technology, Master of Science, Certified Accountant of China, Chairman of the Periodical Group, former Director of the PricewaterhouseCoopers Institute of Accounting and State Securities, Head of the Chemical Industry of the Pacific Securities Institute, joined the Chemical Industry Team of the People ' s Institute of Securities in April 2017. Liu Meng-jin, Director of Non-ferrous Metals, worked in Anteco, six years of research experience in the basic metals industry, and 2017.
Yang Yoo Hong, Master of Finance, University of Duran, United States of America, joined the non-ferrous metal industry study in 2017. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to any third party approval or influence.