The copper business is gradually entering the harvest season, the company is growing, the violet gold mining (601899.sh) is beginning to materialize, maintaining the company's “recommended” rating.
The first half-yearly report from the Purple Gold Mining Company, released in 2018, generated 49,814 million yuan in revenue, an increase of 32.75 per cent over the same period; and the net profit of shareholders belonging to the parent company, i.e., the copper and zinc concentrates, increased their performance on a full scale
During the reporting period, the overall trend in metal prices was more volatile than during the same period last year, owing to the strengthening of the United States dollar and the tense global trade situation. The average annual gold price in London rose by 6 per cent to $1317.73 per ounce per year in the first half of 2018, while the average price of lme copper rose by 6 per cent per year.
An increase of $20.24 per cent to $6920.05 per ton over the same year, an increase of 21.44 per cent in the average price of lme zinc, an increase of 21.87 per cent over the same year, of which tons, an increase of 8.57 per cent over the same year, were due to the impact of the February earthquake in the Bogra gold mine, with production rapidly reaching production in the Kolwezi copper float system
The increase in the volume of metal concentrates, especially copper and zinc, and the resulting exchange losses in the company ' s mining companies, which resulted in a reduction in the company ' s financial costs by 45,76 per cent to $660 million on a year-on-year basis, also increased (ii) the orderly advancement of the project, the continued growth of reserves and the international mining boom
During the reporting period, projects in the company ' s territory, secondary excavation efficiency in the purple copper industry, second expansion of the Heilongjiang Dobou mountain copper mine, copper refining in the Heilongjiang copper industry, three technology improvements in the purple zinc industry, the Xinjiang purple gold colour zinc smelting project, and a number of priority offshore projects were steadily advancing.
In addition, the company 2018h1 was invested in the exploration of 100 million yuan in new reserves of 13.48 tons, 26.87 million tons of copper, 532,000 tons of lead zinc, 20.13 tons of silver and 0.42 million tons of cobalt.
In particular, the company’s reserve of Kamoa-Cacura copper mining project is expected to start in 2020. As the world’s largest high quality, none of them have ever done so.
The company is also expected to become a global mineral resource giant through the development of copper mines, once the Kamoa copper mining project becomes a new growth profit point for the company, which, as the country’s non-ferrous metal conglomerate, is increasing its metal production and excellence through endogenous development and overseas M&As.
Qualitative resource asset reserves, increasing their own internal strength, are expected to become a global mineral resource giant in the future. Corporate mineral production has steadily increased, and the price of copper is expected to fall sharply in the second half of the year, when the dollar is close to the top and new global copper production has fallen.
3) Mine projects have not advanced as expected.