q3 Performance accelerates growth, long-term development is achievable
Quarterly reports issued by the company: in the first three quarters, the company achieved operating income of 11,815 million yuan, an increase of 27.34 per cent over the previous quarter; net return profit of 2,368 million yuan, an increase of 34.17 per cent over the previous quarter; net profit of 1,654 million won, a decrease of 3.52 per cent over the same period.
Revenues amounted to $4,583 million, an increase of 35.44 per cent over the same period; net returns to mothers amounted to $651 million, with accelerated growth in three major business blocks, q3, with US district laboratories affected by the epidemic. q1 was temporarily suspended, q2 was fully operational, and q3 was fully operational, except for the US region.
Outside the labs, the growth of the business plates has accelerated. q3 fractions show that: 1) In the China district, real laboratory services generated 2,338 million yuan in operating income, an increase of 38.88 per cent over the same period.
More than 1,100 service providers. 3) 100 per cent clinical research and other cro service plate realization camp, Smo on hand order increase by about 45 per cent. 4) US district labs are affected by the epidemic.
The number of clients has grown rapidly, and the strategic advantage of long-tailoring has been highlighted. During the reporting period, companies added 900 new clients, more than 4,100 active clients, “Long-tail customers” and domestic clients contributed $7,938 million, an increase of about 28% over the same period, and integrated platforms have continued to increase customer stickyness.
A+h is a two-way source of finance that strongly supports the expansion of the company's productive capacity. In August, the company completed the sale of h shares, raised HK$7.29 billion in new funds, raised $6.46 billion in non-public distribution of a share, and the two financing sites will support the expansion of the company's productive capacity and the associated financial strength.
To improve the ability of companies to integrate services. Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies are the backbone of the global pharmaceutical research and development outsourcing service industry, laboratory services and cdmo/cmo services are growing at a high rate, integrated service platforms
We expect companies to achieve business volumes and R & D in 2020-2022 to progress below expectations; 3) exchange rate fluctuations risk; 5) volatile investment returns.
The Portfolio Investment Advisory Business refers to the activities of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants to provide portfolio investors or customers with information, analysis, prediction or advice on portfolio investments and direct or indirect charges for services.The data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views,