The Medical Health Research Centre, which has an orderly expansion of production capacity and a sustained flow of business fundamentals to companies, has issued a public announcement to optimize the planning of some of the ipo projects, with the intention of introducing "Sushu Medicines."
The extension of the physical safety evaluation centre project, “The Tianjin chemical research and development laboratory expansion project,” has been extended to the intended state of serviceability. We do not believe that the extension of some of the projects has affected the pace and pace of the company's overall physical expansion and future performance release.
There has been no significant change in the overall pace and pace of output expansion: in aggregate, the company as a whole has been able to build up in an orderly manner in accordance with the original expansion plan, while some of the fund-raising projects have been postponed, other parks have been able to expand and fall. The pace and pace of expansion of production in the company’s business sectors has not been as planned.
In terms of laboratory chemical capacity: the company has carried out laboratory chemical research and development capabilities in Nanton, Chengdu, etc. 1.
So the overall laboratory chemical capacity does not differ significantly from what was previously expected. Re-high growth – a drug-ming-cond test – is a safety assessment of production capacity: the company’s capacity expanded in an orderly manner, and the production capacity expanded in Suzhou by the end of 2019.
2. The bcp guarantee of orderly operations, which resumed in March 80 per cent, and the expansion of safe assessment of production capacity in Chengdu and elsewhere, while the company is assessing the associated billions of dollars, effectively secures the supply of non-human primate laboratory animals in the company ' s security appraisal operations.
3. " Small excess performance, one-stop enabling platform plus corporate fundamentals continue to improve: benefiting from the booming demand for overseas pharmaceutical innovation services (global industrial transfer + industrial upgrading) and the rising demand for domestic pharmaceutical innovation services, overall domestic cxo industry protection
4. The proposed acquisition of North Haikang stockholdings, the rare occurrence of disease in the layout, the high state of the landscape, the continued good quality of the drug Myung Conde as a conglomerate company, and the expected high growth of the business portfolios.
5. Preclinical Cro Endurance, Relieving Risks, Loss of Core Technicians, Regulatory Risks, Pip Protection Risks, Investment Risks, Exchange Rate Volatility Risks, Raw Materials Price Increased Risks, Safety Production and Environmental Risks
Li Jin Lei points, then calculates an average of the final rating as an average market investment