China District and cdmo operations are growing at a high rate, with cro leading year-round events: the company published a three-quarter report for 2020, with revenues of 11,815 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2020, a year-on-year increase
The net operating cash flow decreased by 3.52 billion yuan compared to the previous three quarters, an increase of 36.59 per cent compared to the previous three quarters; net profit from the first three quarters of the company ' s return was 9.7 per cent higher than the previous three quarters; the new crown epidemic had a greater impact on the company ' s clinical and United States sector operations, but the recovery of the country ' s cdmo and laboratory operations was good, with the first three quarters of the industry.
Overall performance is in line with market expectations. While laboratory operations in the China region have continued to increase at a faster rate than expected: in the first three quarters of the Chinese district laboratory services, $6.118 billion was earned, an increase of 30.9% compared to the previous quarter; of that amount, q3 earned 2,338 million yuan, an increase compared to the previous quarter.
With the high profile of the control of the epidemic in the country and the emergence of innovative medicines, the company’s small molecule drug discovery and drug analysis services have maintained a high growth of q2 — about 53 per cent for custom services for chemical clients and about 77 per cent for drug security assessments.
cdmo operations q3 with thin hair and energy release leading to high annual growth: Cdmo/cmo operations earned 3,710 million yuan in the first three quarters, an increase of 36.5 per cent in the same year; of this, q3 earned 1,548 million yuan, an increase of 54.9 per cent in the same year.
As of 30 September, the company was involved in more than 1,100 new drug molecules, 42 of which were in the iii phase and 26 of which were listed on the market.
New high-activity drug laboratories and workshops have been established in Changzhou, and the production of high-activity materials has been upgraded to 100 kg. Xu Xu, a company based in Changzhou, has been officially operational since January 2020.
In June 2020, a large multi-polymer drug production workshop with a fully integrated drug industry based in Changzhou was officially operational, with seven lines of production meeting partners’ needs from pre-clinical to commercialization.
Pharmacy: q2 has recovered well, with high year-round growth that could lead to the gradual completion of new technology and new capacity-building and the enhancement of corporate branding, and cmo/cdmo operations are expected to lead the way.
As the epidemic spreads overseas, U.S. district laboratory operations are being held back by the epidemic: first three quarters of US district laboratory services.
Pharmacy Mind: Growth was strong, and the cro was slowing down significantly before the code was added. As of 30 September, the company had 33 Cdmo operations for cell and gene therapy in the United States.
Annual listing applications to the U.S. fda are expected to lead to a revival of U.S. lab operations next year. Overall, US-based epidemics are less likely to end the epidemic during the year, and the company's US-based laboratory service is expected to perform more year-round than patient recruitment and recover on a quarterly basis.
In the third quarter, revenue was 815 million yuan, an increase of 9.9 per cent over the same period; of that amount, q3 revenue was 315 million yuan, an increase of 16.8 per cent over the same period. The company ' s clinical operations were affected by the new crown epidemic, the overall patient recruitment rate was slower, and the performance of the previous three quarters was affected overall. But, as the domestic epidemic was brought under control, the business resumed on a quarterly basis.
Cds and smo orders grew by 100% and 45% respectively. As of 30 September, Smo help clients completed and were approved for listing for 14 pharmaceutical and medical equipment products, including participation in China’s first monocloned antibiotic analogues on the European Union: the cds team was involved in 10
In terms of project declarations, the company helped Chinese clients complete the ind declarations for 18 new research drugs in the previous three quarters and obtained cta for 20 projects. As of 30 September, the company had cumulatively completed the ind declarations for 103 projects in the country and obtained cta for 77 projects.
The Māori rate and the cost rate are affected by the outbreak and exchange rate fluctuations, with net interest rates slightly rising; the company ' s gross interest rate for the first three quarters of 2020 was 37.58% because it was affected by the epidemic, a decrease of 1.93 pt from the same year.
Largely because of currency exchange losses and interest increases due to the appreciation of the renminbi. Due to changes in investment returns and fair value controls, the company’s Māori rate is expected to return to last year’s same level throughout the year. (1) The company’s leading global market position and strong competitiveness in drug discovery and pre-cro areas (2)
“Engineers dividend” gives domestic cro firms a cost-leading advantage (3) corporate clinical growth (4) global capacity transfer benefits from the domestic cmo/cdmo enterprise (5) drug Mingconde has a large advantage in small-scale drug cmo/cdmo (6) corporate investment returns are gradually emerging to sustain public spending
The company and its Investment Advisory Board have obtained a licence to do so with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
A basic form of business in which the company can analyse the value, market trends or influence factors of securities and securities-related products and form investments such as portfolio valuations, investment ratings, etc.