The q3 business growth on October 29, 2020 was over-expected and platform-based advantages were evident.
\triangleright, 34.2 per cent more than the previous year and 1.654 billion net profit from non-repatriation, 3.5 per cent less than the previous year.
The net return of non-ifrs to the mother is 2,477 million yuan, an increase of 34.4 per cent over the same period.
The company q3 achieved income of $4,583 million (+35.4 per cent) and a net profit of $651 million (-8.1 per cent) from the mother, mainly due to the adjustment of the net profit from the non-ifrs to the mother of $958 million (+44.3 per cent). In terms of profitability, the company ' s Māori rate increased by 37.6 per cent in the first three quarters, compared to the six-monthly report.
The impact of equity incentives, a modest increase in sales costs, overall stability, and the impact of exchange rate fluctuations in financial costs are much more than the one-stop service that companies are committed to providing for new drug research and development, and the company's integrated target targets, in the context of the country's strong demand, reach a platform for the discovery of latent compounds with revenues of about 140 million yuan, an increase of 92 per cent over the same period, has been a major success, and
Declared and obtained cta from 20 projects. The company currently has 1 iii phase, 9 ii phase, and, as the company ' s cdmo capacity continues to grow and project experience continues to grow, the cdmo operation has grown at a high rate and over 440 small molecular drug projects have been added in three quarters, including 25 / clinical periods acquired from outside
Pilot projects. By the end of the third quarter, there were more than 1,100 new drug molecules involved in the company ' s small molecular drug cdmo service, of which 42 were clinically iiii period, 26 had been approved for listing, and will continue with the pre-clinical project.
The company ' s cdmo operations will continue to be well-developed in the late stages and commercialization. Report: Business recovery is high, client resources are further developed. Cdmo services are provided by the cell and gene therapy projects in the clinical trial phase, of which 22 i, 11
ii/iii Current growth in corporate cell and gene therapy cdmo over hand-order rings of about 35%, projected to accelerate the growth of new customers in the 2020 season due to the impact of the epidemic, with better income growth for all categories of customers in the future.
At the end of the third quarter, the company further increased its market share under the impact of the overseas epidemic by adding more than $90 billion (+25.1 per cent), with all types of clients maintaining a good rate of income growth.
The industry continues to flourish, the company is strong and the one-stop shop has a strong advantage, with companies expected to recover from the effects of the global epidemic in 20-22 years and risk a slowdown in operations; market competition increases risks; the global political climate changes risks; and capacity-building
Less than expected risk; value of assets as measured by fair value and risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.