q3 performance is bright, and the Cxo pole company can be expected in the future.
• Chou Xinming event: the company achieved total operating income of 11,815 million yuan in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 27.34 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother was 2,368 million yuan, an increase of 34.17 per cent in the same year; and the net non-return to the mother was deducted
q3 shows a bright performance, and the businesses of the various sections go hand in hand. 2020q3, the company achieved $4,583 million, an increase of 35.4 per cent, compared with 35.4 per cent, and the adjusted net profit of noon-ifrs to the mother, an increase of 44.3 per cent, an increase of 12.7 pt and 15.4 pt, respectively, in comparison with the first half of the year, with a remarkable acceleration in the company ' s performance.
At the end of the line, in 2020, the Chinese District Laboratory Service benefited from new operations and the transfer of the new crown overseas orders, resulting in revenues of $6.118 billion (+30.9 per cent) in the first three quarters, while the US District Laboratory Service alone was affected by the heavy shutdown of the offshore crown and income of $1,154 million in the previous three quarters.
Dollars (+1.2 per cent), $372 million (13.5 per cent) in three quarters alone; new projects for clinical research and other co-services listed and placed on hand orders, with revenue of 815 million (+9.9 per cent) in the previous three quarters and 315 million (+16.8 per cent) in the single three quarters.
The impact of changes in the promised value, loss and loss on exchange due to the appreciation of the renminbi, etc., is under pressure, but much more reflective of the adjusted net-ifrs net profit return on the company’s actual performance. We expect the company to maintain a high increase of q3 in q4 in 2020, with year-round performance.
The company's business covers new drugs, the whole industry chain, and it's a national, and indeed a global, front line in many services such as drug discovery, research and development, and production. Small molecular drug discovery is a company's traditional advantage, with 20 years of integration technology.
(c) In the area of cdmo, the company had 42 iii phase clinical projects at the end of the third quarter, 26 commercialized projects, and the future all-round drug industry orders were well aligned with the expansion of capacity, with a clear upward trend;
1 1 "Pharmacology (603259): Reverse growth Clinical growth, accelerated layout of companies, smo keeping industry ahead, cds orders plus highlights core strengths, full layout futures."
Quick, with greater potential for future development. As a global cxo pole company, the company gradually strengthens the competitive advantages of talent, technology, management, customers, etc., and builds deep moats, which will be sufficient 2, " Pharmacy Condt (603259) " : adjusted.
To enjoy a high level of innovation in research and development and to maintain a high level of growth. Non-ifrs net profit growth of 38.2% for mothers, long-tail clients with a high strategic outlook and a stable profitability.
Supermarkets are expected to show strong growth in the main sector. Clients maintain stable relationships, long-tail client business is expanding, in the income structure, 3, Pharmacy Condé (603259): Innovative pharmaceutical products.
The expansion of revenues is accompanied by effective cost-control with economies of scale, a stabilization of noon-ifrs Maori at more than 40%, and a future expansion of revenues that will lead to higher corporate profitability. A combination of profits is expected to increase by more than 40% over the next three years, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board