The growth of pharmaceutical biology is accelerating, and the long-term development of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre is worth looking forward to.
• Events: 3-quarter reports issued by the company in 2020, generating operating income of $11.8 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 27.3 per cent over the previous three quarters; net return profit of $2.37 billion, an increase of 34.2 per cent over the same period; net profit of deductible and subsequent return of profit of $1.25 billion over the promised change in value and increase in return for investment; and loss of tradable debt as a result of rising equity prices
The growth in performance was higher than expected, and the number of clients grew rapidly. Companies achieved $4.58 billion in operating income in the third quarter of the single quarter, an increase of 35.4 per cent in the same quarter, and higher than expected income growth in the third quarter. More than 900 new customers were added in the previous three quarters.
At home, more than 4,100 active clients continued to grow rapidly, with the “Long-Long-Lock Strategy” having the advantage of accelerating the growth of laboratory services and cdmo operations in China. In the first three quarters of 2020, district laboratory services generated $6.11 billion in revenues, an increase of 31% over the previous quarter.
As a result, the start of Chinese district laboratory and contract research and development in the second quarter has been fully reactivated and, with the faster growth of overseas client orders and the increasing efficiency of company production and operations, operating income has grown significantly in the second quarter and has continued to accelerate in the third quarter.
At $3.7 billion, an increase of 36.5% over the same period, and more than 1,100 service providers, cdmo is expected to continue to grow rapidly as production capacity expands. Quick recovery of clinical cro operations and rapid growth of cell and gene therapy cdmo are expected.
During the first three quarters of 2020, the company’s US-American laboratory services achieved $1.15 billion, a 1.2% increase in the same year, and the company’s US-based cells and genes.
The number of treatment cdmo service blocks reached 33, and at least two projects are expected to submit listing applications to the United States fda in 2021, which is expected to lead to rapid growth in performance.
Pharmacy (603259): China’s medical outsourcing champions, industry leaders, integrated service platforms have significant advantages, long-term growth fundamentals are strong, and “buy-in” ratings are maintained. Engine power is strong (2020-10-19)
Pharmacy (603259): Four major plates have grown robustly, with fixed-increment plus capacity expansion (2020-03-25) 6. Pharmacy (603259): a new era of innovation, I
No compensation of any kind will be obtained either directly or indirectly from the physical enabling platform (2019-11-20) or from the specific recommendations or views contained in this report. Southwest Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.