The third quarter of 2020: the company published the third quarter of 2020. In the first three quarters of 2020, the company achieved gross operating income of 118.15 million yuan, or +27.34 per cent of the year; net return to the mother of 2,368 million yuan, or +34.17 per cent of the year;
Research assistant: The main battalion of Lui Kuo has achieved the expected high growth and q3 has significantly accelerated growth. The company’s main business of cro and cdmo has grown rapidly in the last three quarters, with 1 Chinese district laboratory service receiving 6,118 million yuan.
District laboratory services received $1,154 million, compared to +12.2 per cent, mainly due to the United States epidemic; 4 Clinical collage collected $815 million, compared to 9.86 per cent, mainly affected hospital access. Q2 and q3 earned $4.044 billion and Q3 respectively, respectively, compared to +29.41 per cent.
The resumption of operations in the first quarter of q3 was remarkable, with 2,376 million yuan in laboratory services in the Chinese district, compared to 29 October 2020, when major figures showed a positive growth in the main battalion and a significant increase in the return on investment.
cro, q3 Chemical Client Custom Services (feeforservices) income increased by about 53 per cent over the same period, drug safety evaluation business income increased by about 77 per cent over the same period; 2cdmo/cmo, by the end of September, there were more than 1,100 new drug molecule projects covered by the cdmo/cmo service project, of which there were iii
42 projects in the clinical trial phase and 26 projects that have been approved for listing; 3 clinical cro, q3 maintained high growth in hand orders, with cds increasing by about the same period last year, while the company ' s main business grew strongly, the return on investment and the change in fair value were recorded in the previous three quarters.
Achieving 411 million yuan and 312 million yuan, an increase of 656 million yuan over the same period in the previous year, is a significant increase, mainly due to investment proposals: the company is the leader of the country's pharmaceutical outsourcing industry, the scope of operations covers the entire R & D process, the impact of the epidemic is dissipated, performance is restored to positive growth, and investment direction is becoming clearer.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been able to do so independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.