Newtimesecrities q3 has been under a lot of pressure, waiting for the turn of the industry.
• Oversupply of panels, continuing downswing prices, waiting for the arrival of the industry cycle. Lowest/highest in a year: Companies issue three quarterly reports: $85,722 million (+23.40 per cent) of operating income in the first three quarters of 2019.
The firm growth of the firm, but the oversupply of the panel industry and the continuing downswing of prices have led to a gradual withdrawal of the firm’s net profits from overseas competitors, and an optimizing pattern of the lcd competition is expected. Given the low price of lcd, the firm’s steady growth in revenue, the firm’s position has become stronger.
In a single quarter, the company q3 generated $30,683 million (+18.05 per cent) of net profit for the mother, $184 million (-54.49 per cent) and $840 million (-800.53 per cent) for non-repatriate net profit.
In terms of cost rates, companies continue to optimize management and operational efficiency, q3 sales have dropped to 2.33% (-0.62 pct) and management costs to 4.16% (-1.04 pct), benefiting from financial benefits.
R & D investment continued during the reporting period and the corporate innovation transformation strategy advanced in an orderly manner, long-term perspective on the future of the company.
By branch, the company ' s lcd operations are both cycled and growing, and the firm ' s head is becoming stronger on the high-generation panel production line. 2019-08-27 has a clear advantage and is expected to take further advantage in the future as the market ' s demand for large-sized panels increases.
The Cycling and Growth Resonance, the panel shows the Dragon Sword as a multi-market share and further strengthens the Leader; on the one hand, the company breaks the Samsung monopoly and becomes the world's number one, 2019-05-27.
In addition, the company is moving ahead with its strategic transformation in an orderly manner, and is now moving well on products such as medical imagery, genetic testing, smart windows, fingerprint recognition, and intelligent governance, which is expected to add momentum to the company’s long-term growth.