The fall in the price of the panel of the Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services has dragged down profits, waiting for the industry to move out.
The previous three quarters had received 85.7 billion, an increase of 23.4 per cent, but the profit side had been affected by the decline in panel prices, which had been about 1.9 billion, a 45 per cent decline in the same year.
About 4 per cent slipped, mainly because the price of the television panel, which accounted for more than 40 per cent of the company's revenues, fell to -19 per cent.
With 7.5 per cent of Taiwan's top-of-the-board partner, the profits from photovoltaics are even more severe, with the Māori rate falling to -0.4 per cent and the operating profit rate to 7.8 per cent, respectively.
The first manufacturer in the country with the capacity to produce soft-led screens, the Chinese panel of “leaders” to the world, has become the sole supplier of China’s folding mobile phones that were already on the market at the end of October.
Mianyang line is still capable of climbing the slopes, and 2 more are planned, with the company ' s flexible oled growth rate (cagr) reaching 50 per cent in 2018-2025, the company ' s projected withdrawal from the global mobile phone oled panel by 2025, the Korean factory ' s 8.5.7.5 generation lcd production line, and the Tokyo Olympics are expected to be ready next year at 2q.
The recovery of the pull-out industry: “Korea’s retreat into the mainland” has become a trend of certainty for the development of the panel industry, and this year’s leader, lgd, has lost three consecutive quarters, and the p7 and p8 production lines are expected to be converted to an oed production line at the beginning of the year. With this round of industrial capacity shuffling, Kyoto East will be overtaken this year.
lgd became the largest panel manufacturer in the world. In addition to a contraction in supply, the television plant will enter two consecutive reserve seasons of 1 q and 2 q in 2020, after stock clean-up in the fourth quarter of this year, and the panel price cap is expected to appear next year in q1 or q2.
Van Binthai, Yong Chi-won and 28%. We believe that with this round of industrial capacity shuffling, the Tokyo East is the global node.
(8621) 61038318 will further increase the concentration of beneficiary industries and maintain the company’s “buy-in” rating. Korea’s plants, lgd and Samsung, have delayed progress; next year’s demand for q1 and q2 falls short of expectations.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment