The high rate of industrial growth and the orderly advancement of research and development are now significantly undervalued by the Chinese Medicines (000963.sz) and the Chinese Medicines (000963.sz) in 2018.
(i) Rapid growth in industrial income accompanied by a significant increase in profitability;
The pharmaceutical industry achieved sales revenue of $8.238 billion, an increase of 24.03 per cent over the same period; the plate of $1.8 billion (+24 per cent) achieved a net profit of $1.86 billion (+39 per cent), with net interest rates rising from last year's rate of 2.46 pp, reflecting an increase in the Māori rate, accompanied by cost during the period (in addition to R & D costs)
The decline, and the significant increase in the profitability of the industrial sector, is estimated to have benefited mainly from the scale effect of increased sales of the company’s core products. We measure the company’s core product revenues by sort.
Figure 1: Double income and profitability of the pharmaceutical industry 22,349 million yuan, an increase of 5.47 per cent over the same period, and 7.47 per cent (+0.04 pp).
The end extension of specialized services to build core and niche industries such as Western medicine, Chinese medicine, appliances, and healthy beauty, is dedicated to new business enterprises that can provide “a comprehensive medical solution.” Given the loss of transfers and the shift to higher-yielding operations, such as pure sales and total generation, we believe that future corporate business Māori rates will reflect an upward trend.
International Medico-American operations realized revenues of $76 million, resulting from the acquisition (and for the second month) of the United Kingdom ' s Sinclair professional medical firm during the reporting period, resulting in a loss of $4.29 million during the reporting period, mainly due to the fact that the business had not been formally opened during the reporting period.
Net annual operating cash flow of 2,039 million yuan (+22.78 per cent) is largely matched by performance. (ii) Significant growth in R & D inputs, orderly landing of R & D declarations. Significant increase in R & D inputs by companies during the reporting period of 706 million yuan (full costing), 52.90 per cent over the same period, and R & D costs
The gradual entry of research products into the clinical process and the development of Be Experiments will continue to grow, with companies expected to increase R & D costs by more than 30 per cent in 2019 than in 2018, and we estimate R & D costs to be at least 918 million yuan in absolute terms in 19 years, with production costs above 9 per cent.
At present, the company has developed a new model of research and development that combines autonomous R & D + collaborative commissioning + external M & A and product authorization (license-in), creating a solid R & D pipeline. We estimate that close to delivery is being reported: 1.
2. Li La Rupe: A 26-week clinical trial is under way and is expected to be announced at the end of 19th year: 3.2019 with the following: Pure Capofin, Sigletin 2nd A and 2nd A and 2nd A and C, Omera Clanc, Anacone, Lecterium, and so on. We believe that the company’s follow-up research and development pipelines are strong, and the research and development effort is strong.
The company will be able to support its long-term rapid development. The Institute of Pharmacy, but its successful development will, as agreed, be transferred exclusively to the company or its subsidiaries.
The company's main varieties, Akapopa and cyclosultan flask, were first adopted by the generic pharmaceutical consistency evaluation on 27 November 18 and 8 January 19 respectively. These two varieties are, in our view, potential for the second batch of tape purchases: A.
Carpose orals are a major diabetic species, and today there are green leaf capsules, in addition to the company's consistency assessment, in the review approval process; cyclosultans are 289 varieties; and, in addition to the company, North China pharmaceuticals are in the review approval process. We believe that these two varieties are currently in a better competitive pattern.
Acapose: Barriers are in process and production, and it is expected that the main competitors in the future will remain original. Acapose is a alpha-sugar enzyme inhibitor, the original researcher is a German Bayer medicine, Acarbo sugar is a new oral dropr in the intestinal tract that can be competitively repressed glucose hydrolysis enzyme, inhibition of the starch into glucose, and thus reduce the absorption of glucose in the intestinal tract.
As Akapopose reduces glucose absorption mainly through the suppression of starch enzymes, and is more suitable for the Asian population, which uses carbohydrates such as rice and pasta as its staple food, it is much better sold in the country than in the European and American markets. The Akapo sugar formulations in the country today have the original Bail, Central China, East China, and Green leaves (the green leaf is a capsule-type) in terms of market ownership.
The market for company products accounts for nearly 30 per cent of the total, and the proportion rises from year to year. Figure 2: The amount of Acapose (film, capsule) end sales (not magnified).
No. More experiments on bioequivalency are under way. But we believe that there are barriers to competition in the public sector in the face of consistent evaluation and policies related to bulk procurement.
Evaluation, the fda guide recommends the use of pharmacodynamic endpoints, which is more difficult. In particular, there may be some problems with the data given by Bayer in the guide. The main domestic competition is the increased complexity of the capsule type, which is different from the original one, and hence the approved capacity barriers, the manufacture of Acapose raw materials, the manufacture of fermentation, and the country ' s only production capacity of raw-material batch numbers and raw materials, which is in the North-North of Reyju.
Rivers, companies, Heizheng, and Hebei Hua Yung Pharmacy, the main supplier of the Xinbei River, have signed multi-year agreements for the use of preparations. In addition to signing an agreement with Xiaoling, the company owns 100 t, and Jiangdong II is expected to increase 100 t (expected to start production in 2021).
Considering that no Acapo-based pharmaceutical company, with the exception of companies, has a marketed or potentially listed capacity, can provide a barrier. Moreover, it is difficult for a pharmaceutical company that is not large enough to have a size advantage in this variety, and therefore costs more than companies, and it is difficult to compete with them.
On balance, we believe that once Acapose is included in the second batch, it is very difficult for other home-grown generics to constitute a threat, and the company's true competitor is still the original drug, because for Bayer, Batonnon is still a larger species, and the vast majority of its 18-year contribution of €623 million in sales revenue comes from China, so we assume: 1.
If the second round of collateral purchases is limited to cities, then the original pharmaceutical company may have a strong interest in maintaining the overall Chinese price system and the revenue masters, leading to a strong corporate win; 2. If the second round of collateral purchases spread across the country, there is a definite probability that the company will compete for prices.
Circosultocin is an immunosulfan that can be used as an alternative to the lymphocyte cycle, leaving it in g0 or g1.
Tlymphocytes, which also inhibit the generation and release of lymphocytes, including lymphocin-2, are one of the current front-line drug options for anti-moderative plant exclusion responses following organ transplants in the world, as a powerful immunosulfan inhibitor, which also has good treatment for numerous self-existive diseases and is recommended as a clinical path for multiple self-immunological diseases.
Novartis Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Switzerland, whose cyclosole capsule was approved for listing in fda in 1990 and listed in 1996 as the country’s first imitation in Central China and East China. There are now more end-market producers and the company’s share of the market has exceeded the original drug, reaching nearly 50%.
In addition to the company that has passed the consistency evaluation, there are still North China pharmaceuticals in the cde review approval for bioequivalency tests in the non-silent drug industry.
The company has the advantages of a pharmaceutical combination: immune products are unique and competitive. The three owners of the company want cytogens, mccophenols, and Tkmau are clinical first-line drugs, mostly co-medics. The 17-year medical catalogue removes the adaptive restrictions on his Kmo Division, resulting in a significant increase of over 40% in Tkmow over 18 years.
Immunoline income as a whole is growing rapidly. For other companies that do not have an associated advantage, the incentive to evaluate consistency may not be significant, so companies are expected to enjoy a better pattern of competition. (iv) Current stock prices of companies are undervalued and short-term collateral purchases have limited impact
We believe that the current corporate valuation is somewhat undervalued, both vertically and horizontally, compared to the current overall valuation of a share of the medical plate. Figure 6: 5 years of Chinese medicine, peband
In a horizontal comparison, we believe that the market’s prediction of the impact of second-time purchases on company performance is slightly exaggerated, leading to an undervaluation of the current company. In our view, overall, the future expansion of bulk purchases will gradually extend geographically to a country-wide approximate event, but the expansion of bulk purchases to all types of the market is a very small probability event.
However, a better pattern of competition, deeper farming, a variety with cost and scale advantages can still enjoy higher rates of growth and better gains, with fewer competitors, or easy price swaps. Therefore, we use the segment valuation method to measure the impact of the purchases in extreme cases on the performance and valuation of the Department in 19 years, assuming extremes:
1. The second round of bulk purchases has been extended to the national market. 2. The company lost the standard Acarbo sugar in the second round of volume purchases (which, in fact, we consider to be a small probability event) and thus lost all the 19q4 hospital markets (which we consider to be an extremely small probability event, which is virtually impossible).
3. According to terminal data, the Acapo sugar sales revenue season fluctuates less frequently, and we consider it to be evenly distributed over four quarters.4 Since companies do not disclose the Maori rates for different varieties and the cost over time, we vaguely assume that the rates for the various varieties of industrial plates are similar, and that the R & D rate (industrial plates) is 10 per cent over 19 years.
We split the company's business into three pieces of medicine, chemicals, and commerce, and make a fractional valuation calculation that temporarily ignores the income and profits of the healer. We have the following table of the current medical platespe (19e).
In view of the very low probability of this extreme event, we believe that current corporate stock prices are significantly understated. We understand that the current market gives companies a lower valuation mainly because of the long-term pressure on future generic prices in our country, but we believe that: 1. The company has followed up with a strong risk of price reduction for the pilpeline against the gyrotypes, with a large variety of products reported this year and next year; 2.
The company is one of the national champions of generic medicine, and we see it as an innovative and innovative drug company.
Look at the company’s specialized cluster strategy and the ability to sink at the grass-roots level. We believe that there is a strong pipeline, supported by strong channels for uncertainty in pharmaceutical industry policies, such as medical reform; the risk of price reduction for medicines; and the risk of failure or lack of progress in drug research and development.