Chinese Medicine (0009663): The pharmaceutical industry is growing rapidly and the pharmaceutical business is becoming more stable 14 June 2019
The company was founded in 1993 as a comprehensive enterprise in the production and distribution of pharmaceutical products. The company’s chart shows good growth, with the net return to mothers growing from 757 million yuan in 2014.
In the past few years, corporate sales of Māori, net interest rates on sales and industrial plates have been growing rapidly. The company’s industrial plates cover a number of areas, such as medicaments, endocrine drugs, immunosuppressants, digestives, etc.
Core products have a huge amount of capsules and Acarbo sugar, but the competitive advantage is still clear, and stock prices (the last year) show that the market space continues to expand with the rapid release of markets at the grass-roots level.
The company’s full range of immunosuppressant piped products and the expansion of cogeneration drugs and adaptive disorders will contribute to the rapid growth of this series of products; and the firm’s stable market share as a first-generation pi is expected to sustain steady growth.
The second-line potential varieties of diglycerine and dibutamium and thorium are well organized and in fast-discharge. Overall, the industrial plates of the company are well-tailored and are expected to maintain rapid growth.
Business plates are gradually becoming more stable. The company’s business plates were hit by two votes in the early years, with a marked drop in revenue growth. As the two votes are weak, the Ministry is actively expanding the province’s exclusive distribution, grass-roots outreach and dtc pharmacy operations.
In 2019, the company’s business section will be stable and will be expected to grow steadily. • There are plenty of R & D pipelines and more investment in R & D. In recent years, the company’s R & D costs have increased.
Maintaining rapid growth, with R&D spending in 2018 amounting to $706 million, an increase of 52.90 per cent over the same period. The company ' s extensive R&D pipelines have developed a combination of autonomous R&D, collaborative commissioning, external M&As, and product authorization introduction.
McWalateni, who treats late stage non-small cell lung cancer, is expected to have a clinical closure of ii by the end of 2019 and is bound and declared next year based on the clinical results of ii; dpp-4 inhibitor hd118, who treats type 2 diabetes, is expected to have a pk/pd study in the second half of the year; from the United States
The imported oral glp-1 innovation tttp273 foresees i-clinical bridge trials in the second half of the year; diabetic priority product Lilalupine has initiated iii-clinical trials, profit predictions and investment ratings.
China East Medicine, a leading business in integrated medicine in business, was established in 1993 and is mainly involved in the production and distribution of medicines, and is a large, business-based, integrated pharmaceutical company. The company was listed in deep business in 1999, mainly in the pharmaceutical industry and medicine.
There are two major sectors of pharmaceutical commerce, of which the central subsidiary of the primary pharmaceutical industry, China and the Middle East, has a heavy weight of products such as a hundred capsules, Acapo sugar, and, in medicine business, the size of the company’s sales and market share are among the top in Zhejiang province. In addition, in 2018, companies entered the field of international medicine through mergers and acquisitions.
The corporate equity structure is more centralized, with 93 per cent of the holdings in China’s large group of shareholders in Beijing’s Great China Investment Corporation Ltd. and the actual control of the company over the Hu Kayin Army.
As can be seen from the composition of the company’s main business in the last five years, the income of the company’s pharmaceutical industry sector and the Māori share have been growing more steadily over the last five years, with the two-vote system affecting the company’s business growth rate in 2017, and the company’s revenue growth has declined, reaching $30,664 million in 2018. At the profit end, the company returns.
The net profit of the mother grew from 757 million yuan in 2014 to 2,267 million yuan in 2018, with an annual compound growth rate of 31.55 per cent overall, with the company operating well and its profits maintaining a high rate of increase, while the Māori sales rate of the company increased steadily over the last five years, with a Māori sales rate of 28.9 per cent in 2018.
2. The pharmaceutical industry has maintained a rapid growth trend. Medicines are used in various areas, such as immunosuppressants, digestive system drugs, with a wide range of products and a wide range of products that are included in the new health insurance catalogue and the national list of essential medicines.
2.1 million capsules: transfer of a list of assistive medicines, acceleration of market exposure at the grass-roots level 100 million capsules as a heavy weight product of Chinese medicine, with the main components of fermented winter insect summer herb powder, rehydration of lung kidneys, gluten gas, used as an aid for cough, asthma, back pain and chronic bronchitis caused by both lung kidneys.
In 2017, a new version of the health insurance catalogue was adjusted, and the capsule was converted from an auxiliary drug to a gas-blood double supplement.
It dilutes the use of assistive drugs, which are long-term therapeutic drugs for chronic diseases. On the one hand, it facilitates the expansion of the ability of the capsule to adapt to other areas of concern, which, in addition to the original focus room, can fully tap into the market potential of other sections, creating new opportunities for the expansion of the product in the hospital market; on the other hand, it is currently developing.
In addition, in 2015, the FDA adjusted the capsules to non-prescriptive drugs, and the capsules to double-drugs.
With the implementation of policies such as health-care control fees, hierarchies, prescriptions, etc., 100% of the capsules with the properties of slow-disorder drugs have been given greater scope in the otc market. In recent years, companies have been actively promoting marketing reforms, end and grass-roots sales teams, growing rapidly, and companies have been actively expanding the local, community and otc markets and developing prescription outflows and channels.
At present, company sales of 100% capsules are driven mainly by the off-site market, where the grass-roots and otc ratios are close to 40%, and it is expected that future levels of grass-roots markets will be able to sustain a steady growth of 100% capsules. 2.2 Diabetes products are rich in tubes and are expected to sustain high growth.
The company has a wide variety of diabetic drugs, including Akapo sugar, platinate diglycerine, diglycerine and vodka sugar. Diabetes are a common chronic metabolic disease, with global diabetic adults reaching $72.7 billion a year in 2000. China is a big diabetic country, with 114 million people in 2017 and diabetes.
The number of cases of diabetes in the country continues to increase, and knowledge, control, and cure rates are still at relatively low levels, and the market for mellitus will continue to grow. Acarbo sugar is another heavy-pound product at the company’s 2 billion yuan level, representing the alpha-sugar enzyme inhibitor.
The drug can inhibit the decomposition of multiple sugars in food, slows sugar absorption, and reduces post-dinner high blood sugar. For a long time, our country has been dominated by rice and pasta with high starch content, so Acapose is suitable for the market positioning of Chinese for post-dinner control of blood sugar, and is included in the first-line mellitus for type 2 diabetes, which dominates the country’s oral sugar market.
Data from the 2016 sample hospitals show that Akapo sugar, Amitium dichotomy and Gremerium, respectively, are sold in the oral sugar hospitals, and Akapo sugar is produced in domestic markets by three companies: Bayer Medicine, Huadong Medicine, and Sichuan Green Leaf. Bayr Medicine, the original researcher of Akapo Sugar, has always held the largest share of the Chinese market; and Chinese Medicine, followed by the Chinese Medicine, which has largely occupied the market.
The market share of Sichuan green leaves is less than 4%. In recent years, the Bail medicine market has shown a downward trend, while the market share of Chinese medicine has shown a steady increase and the import substitution share has gradually increased.
So in the short term, companies will maintain a good competitive edge in the Acapo sugar market. Figure 12: Acapo sample hospital sales, November 2018, the company's Acapo sugar film became the first in the country to pass a pseudo-pharmaceutical consistency evaluation.
In addition to the technical barriers to fermentation, companies also have a competitive advantage in raw materials, costs, and production capacity. At present, Acapose prices are about 70% of the original research product, and there is one price competition for collateral purchases.
Overall, in the area of generic pharmaceuticals, Acapose sugar is expected to be a relatively late range affected by the taped purchases policy, the company Acapo sugar is competitively well and has a large stock of post-diplomatic varieties in the field of diabetics, and there is some readiness for future purchases.
As a slow-disease drug, the company is also actively promoting the opening of the Acapose Otc market: Aca is now growing at around 30% and is still expected to maintain a rapid growth of more than 20% in the future. Moreover, the company’s second-line diabetic diglycerine dichotone has a good pattern of competition, 2018
The annual rate of increase has doubled to 150 million yuan, which is expected to be close to 250-300 million yuan this year. The company uses the field of diabetes as an important area of development, with a rich variety of products, a back-up type of Sigletine dichotomy, Lilaru injections, and a high rate of growth in the company’s diabetes line.
The immunosuppressants are drugs that inhibit the immune response to the organism, mainly for organ transplantation, reactions and treatment of their own immune diseases such as rheumatological arthritis, haemorrhoid ailments, etc.
The market for immunosuppressants as a whole has grown year by year, reaching $2.727 billion in 2017 for the country’s sample hospitals.
At present, the Chinese medicine has China’s largest immunosuppressant production and research base, leading the department in the domestic field of immunosuppressants, three one-line varieties have long-term cultivation, and market ownership is highest among national producers, with major competitors.
The company’s product, cyclosultanene, was first evaluated by generic pharmaceutical consistency, which helped to accelerate import substitution, consolidate it further, and increase market share. In addition, the new version of the health insurance catalogue was adjusted, cyclosultocin and Tekmos removed their previous adaptive problems.
The company has been able to gain greater scope in other areas of immunization (the 2009 version of the National Health Care Directory for organ transplantation of cyclosultanoids, regenerative anaemia and work-related injury insurance: hiske Moss for organ transplants and work-related injuries). The growth rate of the company ' s immunosuppressive products in recent years has been driven mainly by the company ' s immune system, internal medicine, blood disease, first-hand.
The amount of medicine used by companies for this type of product in the field of immunization is now higher than in the field of transplantation. In 2018, the average rate of growth in the company's immune inhibitor series was close to 30%, and it is expected to continue to grow at a high rate in the future as new drug use continues to expand and joint drug use continues.
2.4 The digestive system has stabilized the market for platinum ulcers, a common and multiple digestive system disease characterized by easy to treat and repeat. As the rhythm of people's lives increases in modern society, life is under stress, diets are irregular, smoking and drinking are bad habits.
In 2012-2016, the market for digestive ulcers rose from $27.2 billion to $43.7 billion, with a composite growth rate of 12.58 per cent.
Proton pump inhibitors, intermediate drugs, etc. In this case, the proton pump inhibitors (ppi) have become the fastest-growing, most researched and most widely applied gastric acid inhibitors in recent years, with their fast-acting, long-lasting and good effects, and have dominated the country's market for digestive ulcers, with a market share of over 60% and have been maintained.
There are currently six types of proton pump inhibitors that are commonly used in the country, namely, Omérálán, Vitorán and Ransolán, which are the first-generation pppi, and the second-generation pppi, the Esomélán and the Reberrat, which, according to data from the 2017 domestic sample hospital, are located in the first place of the proton pump inhibitor with a share of 24.90%; although the second-generation pppi is increasing at a higher rate, the rate of growth is higher.
The alternative to one generation of pi is gradually increasing, but one generation of pi will continue to occupy more than half of the market share in the short term. Chinese medicine has a share of 18.71%, with both needles and capsules, and the market share is second only to foreign companies, with a greater competitive advantage.
The above growth is expected to continue at a more stable pace in the future. Following the adjustment of the health insurance catalogue in 2017, company antibiotics, datomicillin and cardiovascular meds, buffen and anti-cancer drugs, both in the western part of the country, are included in the list of pharmaceutical products in the health care category B, and are expected to be further marketed.
Datomoxin is the second generation of sugar-based antibiotics after Van Glutin. The original Datomoxin was marketed in China in 2010, and the domestic production of Datomoxin was mainly in the Chinese industry, the Chinese medicine industry and the Henry medicine industry. Dato moxycin is a high-pricing drug, is currently used on second-line drugs in hospitals, with a smaller base, as the effects of health insurance became apparent and the company became involved.
Datomoxin is expected to grow at a very high rate. Buffin is an antiseptic mesh accumulator, mainly used to prevent haemorrhage due to arterial sclerosis, ischaemic cerebrovascular aberrations, hemorrhage, hemorrhage, and the formation of hysteria clots, which can also be used to prevent haemolysis.
Buffen, a technology introduced as the exclusive product of Chinese medicine, grew by 70 per cent in 2018 after being included in the National Essential Medicines Directory, and maintained a positive growth momentum in 2019, with an estimated income of over $100 million in 2019. The western part of the country is the special effect of the bone marrow growth anomaly syndrome.
New drug technology. At present, the pharmaceutical companies in the country’s producing land of Western Tatmadaya are ziru pharmaceuticals, Sunny and Jiang Susaicon. With the expansion of demand in the drug market and the adjustment of the health-care catalogue, the company’s western part of the country is expected to be hit by a double-ticket system, with a greater impact on the transfer of business, and the company’s pharmaceutical business portfolio operating in 2017.
In 2018, the company achieved business income of $22.8 billion, a relatively stable pattern of competition in the medicine market in Zhejiang province. The company is actively expanding its provincial exclusive distribution, grass-roots promotion, and dtc pharmacies (direct distribution of medicines for end-users), and continues to expand the entire pharmaceutical business.
The provincial network layout, which is gradually moving towards a business structure supported by province-wide distribution, combined with a large-scale health industry, has grown at an overall rate of about 15 per cent in January 2019, the corporate business section has largely absorbed the negative effects of the two-vote system and is in a phase-down phase, and the overall revenue growth of the corporate business block is expected to be achieved throughout 2019.
In recent years, the company ' s R&D costs have been growing rapidly, with R&D spending in 2018 amounting to $706 million, an increase of 52.90 per cent over the same period. The company ' s extensive product lines cover a wide range of areas, such as diabetes, anti-cancer, antibiotics, digestive tracts, cardiovascular, immunosuppressants, and forms an autonomous R&D, collaborative commissioning, external M&A and product licensing.
In the area of research on innovative medicines, companies: 1) Mywa for Nezha for treatment of late non-small cell lung cancer initiated the ii clinical phase, expected to end the ii clinical phase by the end of 2019 and seek next year ' s declaration of production based on the ii clinical results; 2) oral glp-1 innovative drug tttp273 introduced from Vtv USA has been declared clinically and is expected to be approved for the second half of the year to start the i phase
Pk/pd is expected to be conducted in the second half of 2019. In the development of bio-like drugs, diabetic priority product Lilalupine is in the process of iii clinical iii; insulin has been given clinical clearance in the fourth quarter of 2018 and is currently in the process of conducting i-clinics; Degure insulin is expected to be developed
Clinical declaration in the first half of 2019. 1) Core product sales do not meet the expected risk: sales of core products, such as 100% capsules, are less likely to affect companies' business camp 2) Drug bid reduction risk: Acapo sugar, etc., may enter the national procurement through consistent evaluation of varieties
(c) The risk that new product R & D will fall short of expectations: companies are studying more varieties, with more R & D inputs, and individual varieties that fail or slow R & D processes will affect future company profit growth.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.