Colored industry: Shandong Gold, December 24, 2018.
This week’s industry view: metal prices are warming, and continue to watch the gold and silver prices rise.1 Metal prices are warming, and prices of precious metals continue to rise. As of 21 December, lme copper, aluminium, zinc, lead, tin, nickel prices were estimated to be $5987 per ton, 2, and the Fed’s interest increase was likely to slow, leading to a positive trend in gold and silver.
The most recent data on interest rate futures transactions show that the Fed may have raised interest rates one time in 2019, slowing down the rate of interest increases on the previous three, and that interest rate pressure on gold prices will be reduced and the price of gold will rise. As the silver ratio is higher than the historical average, the silver ratio is relatively underestimated, and the silver price is expected to rise at the same time as the gold price.
The demand for zinc plating plates and lead-acid batteries has slowed. Moreover, environmental policies have led to the shutdown of the production capacity of small- and medium-plating plates and lead-acid batteries, as well as new energy sources.
In the early morning hours of November 29, Beijing time, US Federal Reserve Chairman Powell spoke at the New York Economic Club, where market hot spots, industry depths, and the pursuit of interest cycles were either nearing their end. In addition, China and the United States initially agreed during the G20 meeting that trade restrictions such as tariff escalation would be discontinued, including no further increases.
[Excellent push] The industry covers the best of the companies, each with its existing tariff rates against each other, and no new surcharges on other commodities. We believe that there is a brief easing of trade friction between the United States and the United States and that the Fed has only one or two shares to add. Weekly updates, if stock offers are not forthcoming.
The stock market is expected to be significantly overtaken by the stock market, and the current period [excellent push]: Shandong gold (600547).
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City, we're looking at future gold prices. Since 2018, as the global trade situation has changed, growth dynamics in both emerging and advanced economies have returned.
In our view, this is an indication of the Fed’s future interest increase and pace. We see that the yield gap between US 10-year and US-two-year-old debt is shrinking, and the yield curve is flatening.
According to the latest federal fund interest rate futures transaction, the Fed may have increased one time in 2019, and the probability of raising more than three times is negligible. If the Fed’s rate increase slows, interest rates will reduce the price of the gold.
The company is a company based on gold production, which produced 35.88 tons of mineral gold in 2017 and 19.39 tons of mineral gold in the first half of 2018, an increase of 25 per cent compared to the previous year. The company will benefit from higher gold prices due to relatively fixed selection costs. \triangleright
The non-ferrous metals and steel industry focuses on companies.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.