Colored industry: Shandong Gold, December 17, 2018.
This week's industry view: metal prices are weak and demand for lead zinc is or will continue to decline.2 The demand for lead zinc is or will continue to decline. The demand for lead zinc downstream is relatively homogeneous, mainly in the area of automobiles. The demand for zinc plating plates and lead acid batteries in the area of automobiles has slowed in tandem, as a result of the slowdown in the production of Chinese cars. Moreover, the energy of small and medium plating plates and lead-acid batteries has been cut off as a result of environmental policies, as well as new energy sources.
The demand for zinc in China’s market has remained largely stable since 2016, and the demand for lead is likely to slow down three consecutive times, and the Fed is likely to increase interest rates, which are likely to slow. Changes in the trade situation are beginning to drag the United States economy, the United States is running short- and long-term spreads, and the yield curve is flat.
The silver price is expected to rise in tandem with the gold price, as the silver ratio is higher than the historical average. [Excellently] is a weekly industry product that gathers policy foresight, 4 or an improved external environment, or will drive metal prices to rebound.
Market hot spots, industry depths, and the pursuit of interest cycles or nearing the end. In addition, China and the United States reached an initial consensus during the G20 meeting that trade restrictions, such as tariff escalation, would be discontinued, including increasing the number of tops in the industry.
We believe that there is a brief easing of trade friction between the US and China, as well as an increase in the US Federal Reserve’s interest rate, by one or two shares. Weekly updates, tracking points if shares are not changed, and justifications if shares are proposed.
They believe that these stock movements will significantly defeat the market and build the current period: Shandong Gold (600547).
Cindasecuritiesco.ltd Shandong Gold (600547)
\triangleright 1, let's see the future of gold prices. Since 2018, as global trade has changed, growth dynamics in both emerging and advanced economies have declined.
In our view, this is an indication of the Fed’s future interest rate increase and rhythm. We see that the yield spread between US public debt over the 10-year period and two-year period is shrinking, and that there is a risk of a reversal of the yield curve, which means that America’s future economic situation is not promising.
The Fed will raise interest again once in 2018, three in 2019, and one in 2020. According to the latest Federal Fund interest-rate futures deal, the Fed could raise interest one time in 2019, with little chance of raising interest more than three times.
19.39 tons, a 25 per cent increase over the previous year. Because of the relatively fixed cost of selection, companies will benefit from higher gold prices. \triangleright \triangleright
The non-ferrous metal and steel industry focuses on the company Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) is eligible for the securities investment consultancy that the CSRC has granted. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for the specific clients mentioned above. It is not intended for the public. It is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed to be reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance.
Security issues studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.