The colored industry: Shandong Gold, 10 December 2018.
This week’s industry view: the price of precious metals is warming, and the price of gold and silver is expected to continue to rise at the same time.1 The price of basic metals is running at a tremor. As of 7 December, lme copper, aluminium, zinc, lead, tin, nickel prices were US$ 6173/tonne, 1962 US$/t, 2 US Federal Reserve interest increases were likely to slow down, leading to a positive trend in gold and silver.
The most recent data on interest rate futures transactions show that the Fed may have raised interest rates one time in 2019, slowing down the frequency of interest increases three times before, and that interest rate repression on gold prices will be reduced and the price of gold will rise. As the silver ratio is higher than the historical average, the silver ratio is relatively underestimated, and the silver price is expected to rise at the same time as the gold price.3 The external environment is improving or will drive the metal price back.
In addition, during the G20 meeting, China and the United States initially agreed that trade restrictions, such as tariff escalation, would be discontinued, including the removal of existing tariff rates against each other, and the non-introduction of new tariff escalation measures on other commodities. We believe that China and the United States trade friction has eased briefly, and that the Fed and the US will raise interest rates.
Since the beginning of the year, there has been a decline in exports of tin ore from Myanmar, as well as in the grade of ore, and in February 2018, according to the International Tin Association, when market hot spots, industries and deep-seated pursuits have been pursued, Myanmar’s average monthly exports have continued downwards, supply stops or have appeared. In addition, Indonesia has recently interrupted tin exports, and the Indonesian Commodity and Derivative Exchange has stopped.
The tin trade has been completely suspended since October 26, adding to the pressure on the supply of tin on the international market. [Excellently] Industry covers the best of companies, each winning.
The period is updated on a weekly basis, with a follow-up point if the offer remains unchanged, and a justification if the offer is made. [Excellently pushed]: Shandong Gold (600547).
They believe that these stock movements will significantly win over the market, building Shandong Gold (600547), Sunda Securities Co. Ltd.
♪ Triangleright cindasecuritiesco.ltd House No. 1 West Side Street, Beijing ♪
Since 2018, as the global trade situation has changed, growth dynamics in both emerging and advanced economies have declined. Imf, for the first time since 2016, revised global economic growth forecasts downward, and revised United States economic growth forecasts downward. Federal Reserve President Powell’s latest statement, referring to a slowdown in the growth of the United States market, may be phased out from 2019, mainly in the form of tax cuts and increased fiscal spending.
As we see, there is a possibility that the 10-year and 2-year-old US public debt will be reduced in yield spreads and that the yield curve will level off, which means that America’s future economic situation will not be optimistic. The Fed’s updated forecast of interest rates at the September 2018 increase shows that the Fed will raise again in 2018, three in 2019, and one in 2020.
In 2019, the Fed could raise interest rates one time, with little probability of raising interest rates more than three times. If the Fed slows down, interest rate pressure on gold prices will be reduced, with 2 recommending gold.
The non-ferrous metals and steel industry focuses on companies.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customers mentioned above, not to the public, but is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date on which the information or investment referred to in this report was first presented.
The price, value, and investment income of the subject matter may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be issued.