♪ Goldledridgeshionthesurging wave
I don't know what you're talking about, iiticsreecher, i amongthetto 10godminesinthe country.assetinjefrom the parentggroupisesextedtossupportotherapidgrodhofthe company's
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
- Hasseenavisibléincreaseinsvalituring the goldpricerising cycle.wegivea17xev/ebitdavalurationforthecompany, corrresponding chiefon-ferrous
Wereisetheatarget metal pricetorm3.80, and retainour "buy"
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The company's valuationlatedtodigitalisation, and the company's Futuregold production process.
I mean, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, it, it's like, it, it, sometimes, sometimes, sometimes, sometimes, sometimes, sometimes, sometimes, sometimes, sometimes, sometimes, sometimes, sometimes, it-support-support-support-support......., it's like, it's, it's like, it, it'-.., it'..., it's like, it'., it's like, it's, it's, it, it'?.........., with, with, it'?....
I'm going to have to go back to my room, and I'm going to go back to my room, and I'm going to go back to my room, and I'm going to go back to my room, and I'm going to go back to my room, and I'm going to go back to my room, and I'm going to go back to my room, and I'm going to go back to my room, and I'm going to go back to my room, and I'm going to go back to my room, and I'm going to go back to my room, and I'm going to go back to my room, and I'm going to go back to my room, and I'm going to go to my room, and I'm going to go back to my room, and I'm going to my room, and I'm going to go to my room, and I'm going to go back to your room, and I'm going to my room, and I'm going to go, and I'm going to go, and I'll, and I'm, and I'm, and I's, you, and I're, you, you, you, you know, you know, are, are, you, are, you, you, you know, you know, you know, you know, are 29.39,
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it, and you're going to have to do it.
Group, the company'sgold productionwilldirectgrovethinthefuture, with itslong-termoutputextoreeach50tonnes, whichwillsupport the company'sprasidearningsrowth.
The company copanyaquired barrickgoldcorporation's veladerogoldminein 2017, which is whereesitsgoldreservesto 987tonnes.venderogoldmineis
The executive branch of the company's support group has also introduced the company's design and implementation.
I don't know if I'm the only one who's going to do this, but I don't know what I'm going to do, but I don't know what I'm going to do, but I don't know what I'm going to do.
cyclecombinetosignificantlypuspushthecompany'searings.geventhecompany'sfairvaluechangein 2018 and potentialincrementalgoldassetsin rmb1,204mn/1, 652mn/2, 070mn, implyingepsofmb0.54/0.75/0.94 (vs).
FormerepsforeastSofrb0.61/0.75/0.87) recoverly.takeintoacaccount the increasesindibtsandfinancialcostsdueotheotheaquitofoversees goldmine, wetoptanev/ebitdamethodtoevaluatethecompany.
It's not like I'm going to be in the middle of something, but I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of something, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it, and I'm going to be in the middle of it.
: (i) the viewers expressedisthisresearchdirectionalview sofachsuchanasuchanalyoutthesubjectscuritiesandissues; and (ii) the analyst'scompensationwas, is, orwilldirecteddirectly, relatedtospepicactionsordances.
It's not like I'm going to have to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it.
"Citizens" . Legentitiesdiscusures suchmaticissussuedanddistprintinthepeople'srepublicifchina (excluding longkong, macaouandtaiwan)

: +91-22-665050.faxno: +91-222840271; cin: u67120h 1994plc083118; sebiregistréno: nz000001735asstockbroker, inmom00010619asmerchantbankerand in hun00001113asresearchanalyst); inindoneiabypclosasekrititasindonesia; injapanbyclasasecuritiesjapanco.ltd; inkabyclasasasecurities.
Quotaltd; inmalaysiabyclisasecuritiesmalaysiasdnbhd; inthephilippinesbyclisaphippinsinc. (amberofphilippinstockechangeand securitiesinvestor protectionfund); inthailandbyclassecurities (thailand)mited. jurisdictionspecificdisclostures
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not talking about it.
(telephoneno.: +6564167888) inconneactionwith queriersonherport.mci(p)071/2018. canada: thisressearchreporthasbeenproducinsentiretybyciticsecurities.thedelieverythistrenchporttoanypersonanadashallnotbe deemedamenationtoeffecutanytransactionssinthesecuritiesdiscussedherinionoftheinionother.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if you're the only one in the world who's going to do it.
I'm sorry, you shouldn'treallyonthisdocumentation.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Allivevectors. Theprices, Valuesancomesof thesecuritiesorfincialinstrumentsreferredtohereinmayfluctuteandbeaffeffecoded bychangesinexhange rates.pastperformansnotindicadicatedirecteurs. information, opinionnsestimatescontainedherinreflexthejudgmentofanalyst (s)ofiticsciticsat thedateofoidsorigitalpublicactionandaresubjecttoject
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
I don't know, this research reportmayyotetetereproduced, distraughtorsoldbyanypersonforanypurposew without thepriorwrittenconsentofciticsecurities.cophright 2018.citiccultures.allrightsreserved.