We're going to be in the middle of the sea.
In 2016, after restructuring, companies focused on oil and gas transport, whose main operations include the international and Chinese coastal transportation of crude oil and finished oil.
The crude-oil cycle is up, and the finished oil is still on: the demand for crude oil oil is increasing from double, the supply is limited, and the market climate is expected to continue to rise. At the demand end, we expect the United States to be in the middle of the Middle East export-forward imports of crude oil.
The continued increase in production in Wang Xuewu to meet the increased demand in Asia and the Pacific will benefit the American-Far East maritime route, which is 2.6 times the distance of the Middle East-Far East route and double the demand for crude oil tankers; supply end: limited shipyard capacity is being used by a large number of containerized ships
The orders were squeezed, and we expect a very limited delivery of crude oil tankers in 2024-25, with a limited number of new shipbuilding orders from Vlcc leaving the fleet unmatched.
The market climate is still high. \triangleright Investment Proposal: Middle and Far Seas Energy is a global oil, gas locomotive, with the world’s largest tanker fleet.
With the oil cycle moving upwards and the finished oil shipments at a high level, we expect the oil market to continue to rise in 2024-2026, benefiting companies from future performance. We expect the Middle and Far Sea to achieve business income in 2024-2026, and the global economy to fall sharply; and the cash share is not as good as expected.
Middle and distant sea energy is the global oil and gas pipeline with the world’s largest tanker fleet. Against a backdrop of high oil-carrying volumes, the oil-finished cargo is expected to continue to rise in 2024-2026, and 1) oil transport operations: revenues from oil transport operations are expected to increase steadily as oil transport prices rise.
The mid-range sea is a global oil and gas pipeline, with the world’s largest fleet of tankers. The continued upturn in the crude oil and oil transport market is expected in 2024-2026, with the final oil market still at a high level, which is expected to drive companies to continue to move up with higher expectations for OEC+ output reduction; geo-crisis conflicts; over-expected oil tanker orders; policy risks; and a large global economy.
The world's oil and gas pipelines, the mid-ocean energy, are dominated by the global oil tankers, and one of the world's leading lang shipowners.
The company was established in 1994 as the largest coal, crude oil and water carrier in the East China region. After restructuring in 2016, the company focused on oil and gas transport, and its main operations included the international and Chinese coastal transportation of crude oil and finished oil, as well as the international transport of liquefied natural gas, which resulted in a high correlation between the company’s performance and the oil cycle.
Chart 1: The company is a global tanker leader dominated by Vlcc company, definedasthecompanywith the maincommercialresponsibilityfortheship note: fleetdataincrudeandproducttankers10,000+dwt.databasesof
During the period 2006-2015, when the company was in a period of diversification and expansion, where it continued to replace old and small vessels, and during which time its performance was affected by the dual cycle of freight and oil transport, corporate performance since 2008
Figure 5: Company performance associated with oil market climate up to 2016 Figure 6: Company performance up to 2016 is largely dependent on dry bulk transport Figure 7: Focus on oil and gas transport starting 2016 (in thousands of dwt)
Tanker shipping companies generally measure the market situation by deducting the average daily gain that can be converted to the present. Since the non-variable-daily operating costs (opex) and the ship’s asset costs (capex) are fixed, tce tends to magnify the effect of freight fluctuations.
Figure 10: Cruise vessel tce formula with marginal gains of about RMB 950 million per $10,000/day tce change.
The chain of oil transport consists mainly of three parts. Upstream are oil field exploration and exploitation and crude oil imports; midstream oil is refined and processed into finished oil; downstream is consumed.
Figure 15: Industrial chains: oil companies ' refining plants, with relative concentration of the company’s clients, depending on the number of tons carried, crude oil tankers can be divided into Panama, Avila, Suez and Vlcc. Crude oil transport is mainly to East Asia, the United States, and Europe, mainly in the Middle East, the United States-based oil-producing areas.
The finished tankers can be divided into: Handy, mr, lr1 and lr2.
At the same time, crude oil is refined and processed into finished oils, so the bdti and bcti market cycles are more relevant. The low elasticity on the demand side of the crude oil market and the high concentration on the supply side of the supply side make their transport prices slightly more volatile than the finished oil. Figure 20: bdti is more relevant to the bcti market cycle, but bdti is slightly more volatile than bcti
Crude oil oil oil transport market outlook: limited supply, double demand, and a sustained upturn in the market landscape from 2024 to 2026. Demand side: We expect a sustained increase in global crude oil production in the future that will support sea transport growth, while changing patterns in oil-producing countries, which are expected to boost oil transport demand; supply side: limited ship capacity is being squeezed by a large number of container ship orders, and we
The projected delivery of crude oil tankers 2024-2026 is very limited, of which Vlcc Basics represent the best projection of f out of the three sub-types, e Represents the estimate of vlcc fleet ageing, which makes it difficult to meet the need for renewal. We expect to phase out each year from 2024 to 28 years due to old age.
The fleet is larger than new ship deliveries, and the fleet is expected to shrink from 908 in 2024 to 807 in 2028. At the same time, the ageing fleet will reduce its operational efficiency for regulatory and aging reasons.
vlcc Short-term Market Outlook: Occ+6 production reduction is expected to bring back q3 prices to a low season, non-occupyc increases, plus occ+ output performance of q4 wang season. In June 2024, Oec+ announced a continuation of the reduction and is expected to start releasing voluntary reductions (total 2.2 million barrels per day) in q4, with full release by 2025; occ+ q3 in September
At that time, production in the non-opec region, led by the United States, is expected to peak seasonally at q4, with a projected 0.7 million barrels per day increase in production over q2.
Looking at the medium- and long-term pattern of crude oil trade, which is expected to peak in 2029, the future pattern of trade is generally stable, and the increase in production in the Americas to meet Asia-Pacific demand is the main increase in crude oil trade. The Americas-East Sea is a traditional mainstream trade route, 2.6 times the distance between the Middle East and the Far East, and is expected to benefit from the largest vessel, vlcc, that applies to distant ocean routes.
3.2 million barrels per day per year. Asia and the Pacific, Africa, Central and South America, and Central Asia in Eastern Europe are expected to contribute to an increase in global oil demand in 2023-2030, totalling 5.8 million barrels per day, with Asia and the Pacific contributing 72 per cent of the demand for rapid economic development and sustained expansion; and oil demand in developed Europe and the United States due to increased energy efficiency in automobiles and a lack of industrial growth in Europe.
Power is expected to be reduced by 2.6 million barrels per day, contributing to a total of 10.12 million barrels per day of global crude oil supply, with non-opec contributing 59 per cent of the global crude oil supply in terms of high contributions from American producers; and the projected accumulation of cropc from its remaining crude oil production capacity and total oil stocks.
In 2022, OEC experienced a reduction in its output from 27.89 million barrels per day to 26.6 million barrels per day, and remained stable in the first three quarters of 2024. Since the fourth quarter of 2024, OEC began to phase out its output at 2024q4.
Voluntary production reductions (total 2.2 million barrels per day) are expected to increase production by 0.2 million barrels per day in 24q4 (according to the September Oec announcement, it is planned to resume production from December). The voluntary production reductions in Oec account for less than 40 per cent of the current production reductions, and the framework reductions remain at 3.66 million barrels per day, with potential growth in the near future.
Figure 32: Middle East-Asia-based crude oil trade patterns are expected to be maintained, with the Americas-Asia-Pacific being the core increment. Outlook for the finished oil transport market: good demand, supply surge fleet renewal, and still high market climate. Demand side: We predict that the impact of the Red Sea events will continue to benefit the market demand for finished oil up to 24 years q3, plus oil.
The increase in demand and refining capacity has led to a strong four-year growth trend in the volume of finished oil shipments starting in 2021, while stock orders have released supply pressures, yet the fleet of finished oil tankers is ageing faster than the fleet is being re-established, and the supply increase is still more uneven than that of the refinery, sustaining the demand for finished oil tankers.
This uneven distribution of capacity means that crude oil and finished oils need to be transported more far away, from production to consumption. In this case, the demand for ocean shipping will benefit in the long run, as more petroleum and petroleum products need to be transported over long distances by sea.
Geographical changes in production have objectively increased the demand for and importance of ocean shipping. Fleet ageing limits the increase in supply. After the 2022 increase in market climate, there has been an increase in orders for finished oil tankers, but the increase in supply is still limited, given the ageing of the fleet.
The planned delivery of the completed tanker order for 2024-2025 was 13.5 million dwt, or 45.15 per cent of the stock order.The phase-out: on the one hand, the ageing of the fleet will increase rapidly, and on the other hand, the implementation of the imo environmental regulations of 2023 will limit the speed of the old ship and further inelasticity of the entire industry.
Figure 36: The shortfall in the renewal of the fleet of finished tankers remains significant Figure 37: The environmental stress of the finished tankers is high and is expected to be forced to slow down operations  15 years + 20 years + 20 years + the order fleet
Profit predictions and investment proposals: Middle- and Far-Sea Energy is the world’s leading engine of oil and gas transport, with the world’s largest tanker fleet. Against a backdrop of high oil-carriage up the crude-oil cycle, we expect the oil-carrying market to continue to rise in 2024-2026, benefiting companies’ future performance.
1) Upper-than-expected output reduction: Reduced supply may lead to higher freight costs in the oil transport market, but in the long run it may act as a disincentive to demand production.2 Geo-crisis conflicts: maritime transport routes are blocked, which may lead to increased transport capacity and freight fluctuations in the oil transport market.
3) Over-expected tanker orders: Increased delivery of new ships could lead to market imbalances in supply and demand, thereby reducing freight and profitability.4 Policy risks: tightening environmental regulations could increase the operating costs of tankers and affect the overall profitability of the oil transport market.5 The global economy has experienced a significant downturn: reduced oil demand could expose the oil transport market to excess capacity and the risk of falling freight costs.
6) Cash dividends are not as good or as expected: a decline in corporate profits may affect shareholder returns and weaken market confidence. They accurately reflect my personal perceptions of the subject matter securities and issuers.