The savings cost was optimized with an increase in the medium-term bonus ratio.
The single-season growth rate was positive, with a steady increase in net gains: 2025h1, the corporate income ratio was 3.4 per cent, and the impact of the high base resulting from the one-time proceeds from the disposal of assets in the same period of the past year remained, but the non-receipt ratio was +0.38 per cent; the q2 one-season rate, the net gain was +0.76 per cent, +0.86 per cent, and the growth rate was rising seasonally.
At one latitude, the savings cost has been released and the public loans have expanded at an accelerated rate: 2025h1, the net interest income of the company is stable at the margin of the margin. Interest-bearing asset returns continue to pressure the difference compared to the 32bp at the beginning of the year, but the cost of the end of the liability.
Optimization supports the cost of interest-bearing liabilities as compared to the 22bp at the beginning of the year, where the interest-bearing rate of deposits is 21bp.
High-cost surcharge insurance accounts for upscaling and growth in surrogates, with agency revenue increasing by +1.85%. The company’s retail aum increased steadily by 3.99% from the beginning of the year. The company’s other non-interest-bearing income increased at a positive rate, from +5.33% to 44.63%, mainly due to higher investment returns; and, subject to the volatility of debt markets, the fair value change gain/loss is equal to the gain/loss on fair value.
Specifically, on the public side, non-performing loans have continued to double down, with a negative rate compared to the early part of the year - 8 bp, where real estate is not good - 30 bp - 0.85%. On the retail side, the negative rate is higher than the early part of the year - +18 bp - 1.50%, of which the non-performing percentage of inclusive loans is 1.92%, which is the same as the early part of the year; in addition, companies have taken the initiative to control risks, retail Internet lending.
Investment recommendations: Companies are deep-deep in Shanghai, with strong regional advantages. Technology and financial niches are evident, and retail finance and light capital transformations accelerate their release. Assets are of sound quality and risk offsets are sufficient. Focus on equity enhancement.
Figure 2: Roe. Figure 3: Net income and rate of increase in interest of farmers ' comptoirs. Figure 4: Net interest differentials and negative returns/cost rates of farmers ' comptoirs.
Figure 5: Size and rate of increase of loans from the farmers' comptoirs. Figure 6: Size and speed of loans from the farmers' comptoirs. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research opinion.
Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risk, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the information contained in this report is provided to the client for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to the client and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.