"Video+Content+Electrator" merges, with Man making a second growth curve. Mango supermix (300413.sz)
• "Star + brand + flow + fan" quartets, Man Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiao Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xiang Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xiang Xi Xi Xi * Xi Xi Xi * * Xi * Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi * Xi X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X Xi X X Xi X X X X X X X X X X X Xi X X Xi Xi X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X
We use content as a means of increasing the core business closure of users' willingness to buy, taking advantage of the company's combined advantages in the areas of stars, brands, and flow resources, creating a star belt ecology, digging deep into the economic value of fans, and building a company's second-growth curve. We assume that the Mango power provider is still in its initial roll-out phase in 2021 and will be in 2022.
• The Star Operator model is unique, with uniquely low-priced and fine items in the Xiao Man, and we believe that Man's short video content, which is centred on bringing goods, will complete a one-stop service called Stars Short View, which recommends a purchase of a commodity; while Little Red's graphics are mainly self-generated for users.
The stock-sharing, which leads to a less fluid flow of the home-owned platform business town, may be better. Compared to the tremor, the velvet is dominated by the power vendor, the short video is recommended as a promotion of the independent electricity company app, the user shopping is more autonomous, the shopping experience is better, and the tremor itself is short video content software, and the live feeder is only a latecomer.
The added embedded realization function is still essentially entertainment video apps. Compared to a Skycat, Man is a “small and beautiful” congenial electrician, or creates a flow bursting product by means of a full-net price advantage, exclusive/star joint/content derivative; and Skycat is a large and comprehensive integrated power provider, seeking to be as comprehensive as possible.
• The content electrician is rich in mango ecology, and the Man creates a second growth curve.
• Visible and mangotv flow advantages, which lead to small flows through advertising, blending or television drama content, second-largest shareholders, multi-business synergies, raising brand visibility; or through the powerful power supplier supply chain in Alibaba, reducing upfront inputs and reducing operations
Risks. We measured 46 billion yuan in 2021 and $11.2 billion in 2022, respectively.
Risks; uncertainty about the impact of changes in the content sector policy on companies; success in the expansion of the electricity vendor's business; Corporate Information Updates - Stocktaking of Merit Strengths, significant growth in enabling performance, and full expansion of the business model
Star+Calm+Treat+Founders are working together to tap into the new value of the fan economy, Short Video+Founder Economy to build a new model of the "Star Powermaker" short video user size and user time lead the way, with content electricer being the main mode of realization.
The monthly short video class uses a single day for 110 minutes, exceeding instantaneous communications and composite video (long video), and is promoted to the first-ever Internet application of the Time Killer. And because of the abundance of video information over graphic text, it allows consumers to view goods in a more visual way and to grow grass belts; according to the New List Institute data, the video grows grass.
It's twice the amount of herb, and it's about content that stimulates consumer consumption demand and binds the product into a market conversion video, and the capacitor model will be mainstreamed.
• Online media marketing module for China's advertisers to increase their budget over the next year, 2020: Internet users' exposure to content in different content forms in China, the market space for fans is wide, and fans are willing to pay for beans.
The White Paper, in 2019, the market for fans ' economy reached $63.48 billion, an increase of 35 per cent over the same period, with the purchase of stars, the representational and peripheral products being the main consumption options for fans in the pursuit of stars, with a combined market size of $43.69 billion.The consumer capacity of fans is impressive, with 68 per cent of respondents spending the last 12 months, according to the 36kr Institute survey data.
Figure 7: 68% of respondents spent more than $1,000 over the last 12 months on the "Star Electric" model of the "Small Video Plus Fan Economy" or retailing the fan economy.
Stargrass is done mainly in the form of tweets, live tapes, etc., and fans buy stars' statements, adjoining products, etc., mainly through integrated power-market platforms such as treasures and Skycats. But the demand for fan interaction with stars in consumption, the authenticity of recommended goods, and diversity in the form of displays is not fully met, and there are still no star belts on the market.
In our view, the “star operator” model allows stars to share real-life good things in short video form, pulling away from fans in a way that is different from the fast-paced live feed, and meeting the demand for fans to consume and interact with each other, transforming fan traffic into sales.
Fig. 8: The users of the platform expect the platform to include a variety of services such as information, electricity, video, etc. 1.2, Xiao Man, to open up a new process for the content electrician, based on the official public message "Supremely Man" of December 15, 2020.
Start the public survey. Mandarin is a real short video-breeder that provides users with more life inspiration, shopping, and app. We believe that Mango is able to root out the "Starts" model and play the company's role in star resources, brand resources, flow support, user attributes, etc.
In the case of stars, there is a wealth of online stars working together, or a low-cost invitation to stars to come in and recommend commodities and co-operative star co-lending goods.
The main source of resources is the availability of low-priced and good goods, and the cooperative brands, mainly dress, wedding photography, beverages, and cleaning, provide products that are more relevant to the needs of young female users. (3) On the flow side, through Mangotv and Hunan Watch ads, they can be used as a channel for small-man electric traders, and they can control the cost of buying them from within the group.
In the case of fans, Mangotv users are predominantly young women and grow grass/promotion/assemble groups/lives that have a great impact on them.
Figure 10: Mangotv co-branded in 2019 with make-up, dress photography, drinking chart 11: Young female users are vulnerable to the recommended weeding of content platforms, and single consumption and cleaning is the main feature of the interior: Indoor tea, Lake Ocean
ddib content tutoring, evaluation, education only.
Electronics platform: variety of grass, new game, smart vibrator, time-shift pink tea.
Figure 12: Mango tv has the highest number of female users in six video sites: 54 per cent of young people under 24 years of age in Mango tv.
At the bottom of the product architecture are "Small Man", "Commerce", "+", "Stores" and "Store",
“My” five columns, covering short video browsing, shopping in shopping malls, order queries, etc. In addition, users can post ugc graphics or short video content through the + function, but the content of their releases cannot be linked to the commodity link. Table 1: Manapp covers the five columns “Mang Man”, “Ming City”, “+”, “Stories”, “My”
Sub-columns cover " Concern " , " Discovery " , and set up search portals. The "Concerns" column reproduces short video content published by accounts that are of interest. The "Discovery" column includes sub-districts such as "Introduction", "Girls", "Beauty", "Home", "Fashion", "Tide Play" and "Recommended" sub-sections that automatically send search boxes and commodity classification functions to the top of the Star/Kol City Bar, which may be of interest to users. Commodities are currently divided mainly into foods, makeup, tidal games, 3c digitals, electrical appliances, accessories, clothing, home, home, electronics.
There are nine broad categories below the search box. Food is fresh, home life, limited tidal games, clothing accessories, and cross-border good goods, which correspond to different user needs. Under the partition entrances are advertising windows and “time-limited” windows, respectively, and drop-down pages for different subjects. Users can choose to publish graphics/short video content from their albums, or choose to recoup or record content for distribution, but the content of their release cannot be linked to the business.
Mainly show goods that have been added to the shopping car, with a recommended segment below. Single information and product referral interface; different is the “My work” interface, which serves as the main functional area for user content publishing and management.
Take a single waterfall stream display with a shopping car on the bottom of all videos, some of which have added a commodity jump-over link. (2) "Mang-Find-Recommend" is mostly a short video sharing type for live-in stars, using double waterfalls and current displays, with hundreds of stars in place, including Jolin, Shen Minxing, Leslie, Willows, Zhang Dynasty.
Artists, who are currently on-line for a relatively short period of time, most of whom have posted only one or two short videos for officials, and some of them have already started to share their lives and links to commodities in Xiao Man. (3) The short video is shared by kols such as “Mang-Foot-Foot-Foot/Fashion/Handings”, partly linked to merchandise in the city, with spin-links.
The "tirds" and "gowns" subdistricts are the unique content of Manapp, and the "tirds" subdistricts, which include the unblind boxes, tidal exhibitions, etc., enhance their funness and appeal; the "golds" subdistrict, which process the clothes in the art, displays the entire spectrum of the goods, displays the top effects and characteristics of the goods, and is equivalent to a better "buyer show." (4) The official account number, "Book shows."
Elected as an official mango good, with the most recent and popular video of Manapp and a good product of fine goods, which are now published as tidal games (blind boxes, hand-runs), mango combs, and the artist’s surroundings, small mannequins, and so on.
"Little Man" has a sub-cam of "Concern" and has a search portal: (i) on the brand, it has been placed in 100 major brands, including the School of Capital Education, Colaints, lasagna, Supor, Marble Forest, and includes such items as make-up, small household electricity, food drinks, costumes, etc.
Some of the branded goods are monolithic. (2) In the context of tidal games, Man's main collaboration brands are Bubble Matt, Tokidoki, Ramtoys and buttercats.
On the price side, the price of some of the own products is lower than the price of the flag shop, Kyouta, Little Red Book, and has a certain price advantage. (4) On the service side, the customer service is very responsive, but the service remains functional, leaving the customer service to talk.
(e) For users, (1) the subject of content publication: stars/kol, Xiaomang officials, ordinary users, etc.
The welfare activities such as purchase vouchers, block-to-second killing of goods, single-line distribution of millions of red bags, receipt of mango tv members, 100 million inter-annual gifts, etc. are the flow of mango tv. Users can click on mango tv to download the mango tv account directly and use it to reach the mango tv user system.
Figure 15: The Manapp and Mango tv user systems are deeply connected.
3.1. vs. Little Red Book: Man is recommended by a star, and self-employed business town has more property than others. With regard to the content of the platform, Man is made up of short videos produced by a star, and Red Book is written by a user. Man is recommended by a star artist to attract users to the eyeballs, all in the form of a short video to grow grass.
More directly, according to the Institute, 48.40% of respondents consider video grass to be more effective and more than double the number of respondents who consider it to be more effective. Small red books are used in communities where users share their lifestyle spontaneously, mainly in the ugc graphics of the make-up type.
The main producers of grass notes, 93 per cent of them.
With respect to shopping in the commercial city, Xiao Man focuses on official self-employed goods, and the Red Book is based on the "Official Self-employed Welfare Society + Brand Flag Shop" model. Each video contains a link to a shopping car, the content of which can be linked to a product, and a key jumps from a shopping mall, which is now linked to a short video released by some of the stars.
The most important difference between the two apps, in our view, is that the short video content of the Xiao Man is centred on bringing the goods, and we're going to do it.
Completion of one-stop service for Star Short Video Recommendations - Purchases under Commodities; while little red book graphics are mainly shared for self-sponsored users, less fluid for their own platform, and less or better stocking rates for Man. Figure 18: Short video content of Man is centred on bringing goods, one-stop service for Star Short Video Recommendations - Purchases under Commodities will be completed
There's shopping underneath every short video, car functionality, and now some of the stars publish short video-linked commodity links, and click on the link to jump out of the mall and make the next purchase.
Short video linked merchandise Figure 19: Small Red Book graphics are mainly self-shared, less fluid for the own platform business town, mostly commercial notes with commercial links, and small red book graphics are mainly user-owned
It's good to share, and it's recommended to go for treasures, lots of pieces, lots of promotional notes with commodity links, clicks on and jumps over the branded flagship shop, and buys the purchase of multi-platform stores, commodities.
Household sharing notes generally do not have links 3.2, vs. tremor: Man is a double waterfall display model, and the commercial city is more independent. In terms of the content of the platform, the "Find" section of the Mandarin interface uses the usual two-column short video waterfall stream.
The tremor main interface " Discovery" and "Recommend" is a single rolling short video recommendation model. We believe that entertainment-like short videos are designed in a single immersion format that allows users to consume content directly, have continuous, uninterrupted immersion experience, and meet the user ' s recreational needs, while short videos with recommended goods are more appropriate.
A double-column design is used to show more content and allows users to select their own content, respecting the choice of the user during shopping, or to use the household to become bored. Figure 20: Man is a double-waterfall display mode, and users can screen their own content for interest.
Tremble follows a single line rolling short video recommendation mode, and then the Man enters the software in the double-column short video waterfall format, so that users can filter their own senses Automatically play the recommended short video, automatically replay it once it's done.
interested content, click on the video and automatically enter the video play interface and complete the slide-down to switch the video to play again automatically after playing
In commercial shopping, there's an independent business town, and there's no vibrating. In Man, households can direct the list through short video links, while searching and browsing shopping through commercial city functions. In voice-outs, users mainly access merchandise and shop links via live feed, not yet.
There's a multi-goods show in the city, but there's a search for the goods through the front page. We believe that the most central difference between the two apps is that the Man is a self-promoting, self-advocacy, shopping experience, and a vibrating sound.
It's a short video content software, and the live feeder is only a follow-up internalizing feature, which is still a fun video type app. Moreover, the immersion and entertainment experience of shattering users when they look down at short videos or are taped live, which may be important for the company to independently develop a small manapp instead of embedding mangotv into the commercial city function.
Figure 21: Xiaoqiang has the form of an independent business town for the presentation of goods, Xiang has the form of an independent business town, Xiaoqiang carries out activities such as time-limited killing, and also makes recommendations for class goods. Users of Xiaoqiang can use short video
The linked commodity links are listed directly and can be searched autonomously through the top of the commercial city search bar. Figure 22: Vibration itself is a short video content software with a live feeder adding embedded liquidity to the follow-up, with no stand-alone business form
Wiggly users can search goods through the front page search field, but not uniquely.
I'm going to be the first fan in the world.
Sun***: Are these boots gonna be okay?
: Will the dress be short enough to guarantee 27 days of unprovoked return for 2 days and 3 days of consumer security services?
3.3, vs. Skycats: On the platform's content, Man goes on to recommend plates that are not big, but full-scale.
We believe that Xiao Man’s recommended tidal games, Chinese garments, are better suited to the needs of young women’s consumption today, and that it is more in line with mangotv’s user portrait. Skycats, as a comprehensive power company platform, recommend plate content that is more diverse or related to their users’ more even gender and age attributes. In addition, Skycats are set up separately.
Households “point-checking” panels show users’ real reviews of purchased goods in graphic form, while growing grass/weeding for other users. At present, Xiao Xiao Xiang only displays user comments on the detailed pages of the goods, and the user “point-checking” function or stand-alone commodity “point-checking” module, combined with a short video of the ugc, is to be expected.
Figure 25: Man-only tidal panels, and Han-shirt-recommended panels, for which no user-specific “point-and-point” panels have been set up for the time being
Skycats recommend plates for all aspects of life.
Sex shopping needs.
♪ Man, 2-meat-draw-go-go-go-go-to-house ♪ ♪ Rot-to-do 8-man table ♪
I'm supposed to go back to the desert with you and put on vs.
In the old craftsman's name, the woman wears a light-faced 2020 winter, a loose cap of fashion cotton.
Two hundred plus freight insurance (300th 30th) is closed, hairy sofa pads are modern in northern Europe, and the York couch covers European-style skating.
The 300th off the 30th trap, the high-value kimono couple out of the street, wearing the kimonos up and down the stairs, most likely to run into them.
Two little mangs, acampronia, acupronia.
In shopping in commercial cities, small men take the best routes, prices the lowest on the net, and the goods are more diverse. (1) In the goods category, small men are mainly concerned with food, make-up, tidal games, 3c-digits, appliances, accessories, clothing, furniture, pets, and so forth.
There is a lot of stuff for them, and they are supplied with services such as loading, loading, shipping, re-disposal, etc., which are more suitable for search shopping by users with a clear consumer purpose.
(2) On the price side, the price of small Mansang commodity is seeking preferences, and some of the goods are exclusive to the Internet. We judge that small men, on the one hand, and using the advertising resources of the company, either to obtain preferential prices for commodities in close cooperation with branders, and, on the other hand, to create the only commodity on the Internet, either through exclusive customizations, a coalition of stars, etc., and thus to achieve a full net low price.
In our view, the most central difference between the two apps is that Man is a “small and beautiful” connoisseur, or that he creates flow booms, such as full-net price advantages, exclusive/star combinations/content derivatives; and Skycat is a large and full-scale, integrated electric power provider, trying to be as comprehensive as possible in terms of product categories.
Fig. 26: Ming follows a fine route, the tidal panels are connected to the depth of Mango tv polyip, the tidal panels supply the same pi, the time-limited sills, the limited amount of money, the powdered tidals, most of which are of good quality for each class, and the number of commodities is small.
Commodity, ip the same as Mangotv's Accelerator.
1030g/9 of the nut bag under the lagrass flag is a small man's exclusive commodity, and the price for the milk wash is lower than the price of the Vinona's flag shop.
4. Potential for development: content power providers are rich in mango ecology, Xiao Man is making a second growth song, and it continues to be optimized, stars are present, commodities are rich, and the potential of “star power providers” is released. Since December 15, Xiao Manapp has launched the public survey, it has been upgraded through ui design, optimized purchasing processes, and supported sales across borders.
In addition, star performers such as Dreams, Ice, Leslie and others, continue to be present, sk-ii, Lancón, Quantities, Coroner, Sea Blue Enigma, Yashlande and other cross-border merchandise sales, which greatly enrich the content and products of Qing Man. We believe that Xiao Man will be able to achieve a product based on goods and starry art.
It's called, or recommended, a core model of content as a means of boosting users' willingness to buy, and will be used to divide the consumer capacity of fans and complete the transformation of video-to-electric consumption. With the full advantage of Hunan Watch and Mangotv flows, the group co-benefits or continues to appear.
During the year 2020-2021 concert in Hunan, during the theme “100 million inter-annual festivals, ignited 2021”, users receive mango seeds and 100% of prizes by downloading a single from Manapp, and participate in New Year’s Explosion, New Year’s Launch, Stars for Equalisation, full-time shopping, second-time killing.
We believe that the inter-annual events have been very effective in the direction of Man, following on from Hunan Watch and Mangotv, or through the continuous introduction of content in advertising, polymagnetism or television shows, and that Man will also raise the profile of his brand through the Internet, for example.
The promotion during the Spring Festival is to be hoped for. Figure 28: Mango tv on screen, stickers, banner ads for Manapp Stream, Mango tv on screen, stickers, banner ads for Manapp Flows, then clicks on Manapp to download links/activities
On the one hand, it is in the interest of companies to explore the mode of operation of content generators, which Ali is powerful.
Branders and headline host resources or helpers achieve the catalytic response of the "ip+kol+" brand, combined with the dual value of branding, distribution and effect marketing. On the other hand, companies are expected to use the powerful power supply chain of Alibaba to reduce upfront inputs, reduce operating risks, focus more on their own areas of expertise and achieve business with Ali's power suppliers.
We believe that most of the pre-man-to-man flows come from mango ecology, assuming 7 per cent, 9.5 per cent, respectively, of man-go-to-man penetration rates for mangotv in 2021 and 2022 and 264 million, respectively, for mango-to-man mau in 2021 and 2022, and 18 million, respectively, for man-man-to-man.
032 million. According to the fast-drawn instructions, the fast-drawner 2020h1gmv/mau is 226, and we believe that the average commodity price of the mini-mang power provider is faster, so it is assumed that Gmv/mau of the mini-mang power provider in 2021 and 2022 are, respectively, estimated to be 4.6 billion yuan and $11.2 billion, respectively, in 2021 and 2022, respectively.
On December 15th, 2020, the company officially announced that the mini-man's power provider will be able to meet at the inter-annual event of December 31st, 2020, and that the power of the Hunan guard and the mangotv will be the main channel. The mini-man's power provider will be able to build a “star power dealer” model.
On the basis of a combination of star performers, or a recommendation to gather traffic, to use content as a means of boosting user buy-in business closures, to use the company's combined strengths in star resources, brand resources, flow support, user attributes, etc., to create star belt ecology, and to dig deep into fan economic values.
For the most part, the self-employed city is better equipped to carry goods; Man is more independent in the form of double waterfall flows than in the case of tremors; Man is more sophisticated than Skycat is in the direction of big and large routes, and goods are seeking brand names and low prices. We look forward to a new profit growth point for the company from the company's mini-manufacturer in retail, brand marketing, etc.
The current Star+Commodity+Contents catalytic response creates a corporate second-growth curve. Given the risks of less than expected growth in video platform users in 2021, the size of the company video platform users may not increase as fast as expected due to the macroeconomic environment and uncertainty about the content of the platform.
(2) The revenue from advertising does not increase as much as expected. The impact on the company’s advertising business is uncertain as the impact of changes in the content industry’s policy on the company.
Doing so is influenced more by industry regulatory policies, and the impact of changes in regulatory policies on the performance of companies does not mean that there is uncertainty about the success of the expansion of the electricity vendor’s business. The content vendor industry is increasingly competitive, with companies as new entrants, user outreach and the size of the gmv, or less than expected.