"Sister 2" is powerful, "Content+Electrator" deep integration time, Mango Supermomentation (300413.sz) 26st of 2021.
• The second season of "Sisters on Waves " , which was launched with the success of creating S-Class N-Multipo P, the second quarter of "Sisters on Waves " on 22 January 2021 (Sister 2), re-launching with a brand-new programme theme, guest banding and high-capacity competition, first-time programme heat and performance
Eye, success in making " Sisters on Waves " a s-n-for-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Multi-Mul-Multi-Multi-Mul-Multi-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-Mul-A.
Man-power traders build star-carrying ecology, deep-seated fan economic value, and create a second-growth curve by catalyzing the “star-commodity-plus-content” response. We maintain the 2020-2022 profit scenario, and predict that corporate Quarter 2 – Sisters in Windstorms – is expected to boost company members and advertising revenue again.
In Mango tv's solo mode, and members take a first-hand look, the online members enjoy the derivatives of sis's stage/sister's dormitory, sister's depressure, sister's work path, etc., to keep the ecclesiastical show hot all week, or to drive members to higher income.
The brand was upgraded from 13 in the first quarter to 15 in the second quarter, and the brand's main structure was optimized, consumer advertising was promoted, or advertising income space was released across the board, while commercial values were expected to continue as n-forward polymagnets, with subsequent content updates, star topics, etc.
• Deep integration of content and electricity providers. On 21 January 2021, Xiao Manapp went on line with the topic “Sang-Sang buys two girls” and promoted the theme “Sisters are a bit luminous” by inviting her to the site and publishing short video content from the Xiaoming Festival.
Corporate Information Updates - Precision Set-up, Long Video Connections, which takes up the user's time and converts the programme flow into product sales, entangles mango production, growth building blocks, and the future of the young man's power merchants -
It is also expected that the content of "Sisters on Wind Waves 2" will be embedded deep into the Qing Man commodity by means of oral broadcasts, shopping links, etc., and linked to the depth of Qing Manapp.
Integration, Xiaoqiang builds the Second Growth Curve - Risks; uncertainty about the impact of changes in content sector policies on companies; success in electricity vendor business expansion.
Second-largest shareholder, Multi-Operational Synergy Phase - "Sisters on Waves, Second Season" was launched with a wave of women 1.1, new guests on the line, and the game was upgraded to a high frequency.
On January 22nd, 2021, "Sisters on Wind Waves, Season 2" came online. According to Weibo data, as of January 25, 2021, #Sister on Wind Waves, #2#Web discussions reached 254,000 and read 820 million.
By January 25, 2021, at 2200 hours, the second season of "Sisters on Waves" had a cumulative amount of 450 million. According to Bean Plum, as of January 25, 2021, the second season of "Sisters on Waves on Winds" had a score of 5.8 points.
In the second season, “Thirty years, no regrets” was upgraded to “Thirty years”, with greater emphasis on the love, tolerance, freedom and infinite possibilities of mature women, and more on the “collective appearance” of modern women as a community of destiny.
The 30 sisters who took part in the second season of "Sisters on the Wind" were both senior professional singers, all-round idols, fresh generation love beans, and all-round movie songs. The 30-plus sisters pursued them with self-confidence, up-and-upness.
In the first evaluation, the sister had to complete 60 seconds of sound and dance, and the group had to score four dimensions: potential, personal potential, vocal ability, and dance ability.
On the one hand, the new system makes it easier for the audience to see the combined strength of the sisters, making the ratings more fair, and on the other hand, to increase the number of sisters dropping and forming teams against the ring.
Figure 2: The challenge of new competitions has increased, and the challenge groups are 1.2, 1.2, content and sales more diversified, and members and advertising earnings have increased or increased.
Members: “Members watch + the derivatives” help them to renew, or to generate high growth in their income. “Sisters on Wave 2” uses Mango tv as a first-in-a-week model, or is a “new god” that drives high growth in membership and income. In addition, Mangotv online members enjoy content.
"Sister's stage/sister's dormitory, sister's depressure, sister's way to work " on the one hand, deriving and enriching the content of the film to meet the content depth of the core user's requests, to enhance the freshness of the programme, and with the promise of incubating the new unicultural ip, to extend the long-tailing effect, on the other hand, to increase the efficiency of the programme material and maintain it.
The week-long heat of the ecclesiastical programme, which attracts between ip and derivatives, promotes both the continued consumption and retention of paying users and the conversion of new users with lower input. Advertisement: Sponsoring brands is stronger than in the first season and sponsoring advertising income is sustainable. According to Mangotv officer
Net, "Sisters on Waves 2" is a gold-column exclusive name, selected by the United States of America as the principal partner, with vivos, fairs, specialty classes, etc., designated as the industry for the protection of Shubao, beauty, goldfish, etc., and sponsored brands were upgraded from 13 in the first season to 15 in the second season, and the brand owner's structure was optimized.
The share of expensive ads has risen. We believe that Sisters on the Waves are expected to continue their business value as a whole after the “unexpected” fire of the first season, or as n-foreseers after the first season.
"Sisters on the Waves" is a rich combination of sponsors' ads and "Contents + Electricers" in many forms, so that Mang can keep up with Mango tv blasts, and go on the line to "Sisters on the Way." 21 January 2021.
Manapp's version 4.1.2, "Mang-Mang-Mang-Mang buys the same girl" , has a red skin on the line, supports the sister's theme, her short video and the same merchandise, and the user's invitation to a new person to get more access to the sister's own copy, the Tibetan lipstick, the "Sister 2" tickets, etc., is linked in depth to the content of the Mango tv blast.
We believe that, as a short video vendor for the company, it is enough to take full advantage of the content of Mangotv to create a short video on the perimeter of the entertainment show.
Video content connects to the user for a long time; on the other hand, it can take advantage of the power of the company's collaborative star resources, or it can be invited in at low cost through a play set and a polytech contract, recommending a joint list of commodities and cooperating stars. Table 6: Since 2021, Xiao Manapp has been continuously updating the version.
1. Support for sister-in-law, to follow sister-in-law to learn how to dress and protect her skin, to create a secondary video, and to distribute 180,000 prizes.2 The topics can be shared among good friends, and, with the sharing of topics, the collectors can be aggressive in the guacamole.3 Support for passwords to invite new people, and the upcoming newcomer event can get the same red as sister, 2 tickets, etc.
Save a wave of good luck with the Pumping Award. 4 and the video and merchandise of the same sister have my own card, my sister's share, and buy it.
2. Support for sister-in-law, to follow sister-in-law to learn how to dress and protect her skin, to create a second video, and to distribute 180,000 prizes.3 The topics can be shared among good friends, and, with the sharing of topics, the fairies can act in an aggressive manner as a enthusiast in the guacamole.4.4 Support for newcomers, the upcoming newcomer's event will receive the same quality as sister, 2 tickets, etc.
Let's go save a wave of good luck. 5 or the video and merchandise of my sister have a card, and I'll buy it!
2. The headlines of the city are refreshing, newcomers’ specialties, second-hand killing zones, shopping side by side, and so on, and are more innovative.3 The commodities will have a direct drop in the corner sign, depending on who gets it.4 The registration and entry of mobile phone numbers in Hong Kong and Hong Kong will be supported as well as overseas.