At the industry level, in the first half of the year, the excavator industry continued to outperform expectations.
Major projects were set in motion in an orderly manner, and despite the impact of the epidemic, the domestic market was in high demand, with companies taking the lead as the backbone of spare parts; at the company level: the accelerated epidemic hydraulics national product replacement process, with small- and medium-divide pump valves taking the lead, with a marked increase in market penetration; and the large-dump valves entering the market.
After the certification phase, it is also being phased out, but the city currently accounts for less than 10%, and there is still much room for improvement. We think that the company’s clear growth path, the high barriers to its own products, the high stickyness of its customers, and the increasing abundance of its product lines, and the growing and growing share of new products. For the first time, coverage is available.
The performance was in line with expectations, with a steady increase in the dominant business of the excavator tank, and a significant spread of the pump valve operation. 1 Excavator tank: 3,295 million units sold in the first half of the year, +27 per cent of the same year, generating 1,432 million dollars, +16 per cent of the same. Revenue increases are lower than sales increases, and we believe that, on the one hand, the company's small-scale fuel tank was used for digging.
The average price of the excavator tank as a whole has been reduced. After our calculations, the company's share of the excavator tank is now around 48%, and will increase in the future with the expansion of overseas customers and the concentration of downstream mainframes.
2 Non-scaling cylinders: 642,000 sold in the first half of the year, corresponding to 13 per cent of the year, yielding revenue of 577 million yuan, corresponding to 9 per cent of the year. Non-scaling tank export operations abroad were hit by an epidemic that fell the same year in the first half of the year. 3 pump valves: 1.191 billion yuan in hydraulic technology in the first half of the year, corresponding to +85.81 per cent of the year, mainly by excavators
Pump valves continue to be released. We calculate the city’s share by pumping in January-June, by roughly calculating the aggregate production of the valves: the current average rate is about 40 per cent, the average rate is around 25 per cent, the average number of digs is only 6 per cent to the right, and there is still much room for improvement in the future, in the centre and in the main.
4 foundries: 26.2 million tons in the first half of the year, compared with 45% in the same year. The utilization rate of castings in phase II has risen steadily, now reaching 70%, with a negative product ratio of 2.42 ptt. The export of casting pieces has declined as a result of the overseas epidemic, but has grown faster in the field of wind power, engineering and machinery.
In terms of the Māori ratio, the combined Māori ratio of 2019q1 to 2020q2 is 34.78 per cent, 39.90 per cent, the scale effect of the increase is on the other hand, the product structure is on the other hand, the medium and high-value pump valves are on the other hand.
The increase in the Māori rate is significant in terms of the cost rate: 6.54% for the period of the company, compared to 2.12 ptt, where sales, management and rates have declined. The level of corporate cost control has improved and profitability has increased, with the first half of 2020.
The net interest rate is 28.6%, compared to +4.54 pct. We believe that the company will continue to benefit from a smart conversion of the production line, with significant efficiency gains and a rising share of future high-value pump valves, net interest rates, a continuation of the downstream dredging market, and a company as a backbone of spare parts.
According to IAEM data, the cumulative volume of excavators sold in January-July 2020 was 18.9 million, compared to 26.7 per cent in the previous quarter, and market demand has been strong since the second quarter, with 59.9 per cent increases in excavator sales in April-July, while the impact of the epidemic has been more severe, but demand has returned to a warmer trend, with a significant increase in exports in July (April-July)
Digger exports grew by 0.9%, 3.3%, 7.6%, 32.5%, respectively. The rate of downstream start-ups has returned to normal levels in previous years, investment data have continued to warm, and we believe that the engineering and machinery industry is still in a high position, and sales in the first half of the year are expected to result from new demands arising from the increased volume of work, environmental protection and equipment life in the future.
The demand for renewal, driven by factors such as life, will be a smooth lubricant for the industry, and a better annual sales of excavators. As expected, companies will continue to benefit from this as the backbone of the upstream parts of the chain of excavators’ industries.
From the point of view of the layout, there are no apparent cyclical fluctuations in the company’s non-target products, the income scale continues to grow, and the total income remains stable. With the future diversification of the company’s business layout, products such as non-scaling tanks and non-scaling pumps valves, motors, castings, etc., are key players in smoothing performance;
2 From a global layout perspective, companies have acquired global brands such as Hawiinline hydraulics, Japanese apparel craftsmen, and have formed United States and Japanese sales subsidiaries covering more than 20 countries and regions around the world.2 Corporate operating revenues in foreign markets have continued to grow, with three phases cagr of 38 per cent, 82 per cent, etc.
34%, downside in the domestic dredging industry, strongly supports corporate performance as a whole. Scarcity: high barriers + high-quality customer binding, high-value industrial chain status.
Opportunities, from tanks to pump valves, once the product is capped, the hydraulics industry itself is technology-intensive, capital barriers, scale barriers, and so on. Companies bind high-quality customers, and the industrial chain is high. Companies have high quality customers, including Caterpillar, Trinity, Pine, Medium Iron, and so on.
The card effect is clear and dependent on corporate products. Years of cooperation and accumulation have created a clear pre-emptive advantage for firms, creating a stronger entry barrier for potential competitors, and providing adequate guarantees for the continuation of a firm’s future potential for stable growth and profitability in its share of the market in hydraulic industries.
Domestic fixed-asset investment fell too fast, disassembly sold less than expected, and pump valves were prevented from opening markets. Companies are central to the chain of excavators, and when looking at the company from a cyclical stock point of view, when the excavator industry entered at a faster rate than expected.
After the down-cycle, corporate performance fluctuates considerably. Unlike the market view, we believe that the growth and scarcity of integrated companies, with their current value attributes highlighted, should not be viewed in terms of traditional cyclical shares, specifically 1.1 growth: product expansion plus global layout, with a strong ability to iron off company performance fluctuations.
At 1,230 million hours, income fluctuations are small. In terms of speed of growth, the steady growth rate is consistently higher than the rate of sales in the excavator industry. One product is expanding: while company revenue from the excavator tank has declined as sales in the excavator industry have fallen, the compound increase in revenues from the excavator tank in three phases is 78 per cent, -18 per cent, and 52 per cent, respectively, higher than sales in the excavator industry;
And there are no apparent cyclical fluctuations in the company’s non-target products, and revenue levels continue to grow and overall revenues remain stable. As companies’ business layouts become more diversified in the future, products such as non-polluting tanks and non-pump valves, motors, castings, etc., continue to open up new customers, new areas, are key players in smooth performance, and profit stability will continue to increase.
2 Global layout: companies are moving forward with the opening of global markets, acquiring globally renowned brands such as Hawiinline hydraulics, Japanese apparel craftsmen, and establishing United States, Japanese sales subsidiaries, currently owning four research and development centres in Changzhou, Shanghai, Shikaco and Berlin, with eight manufacturing bases, including Chicago, North America, covering more than 20 businesses worldwide.
Countries and territories. The company’s revenues from foreign markets have been growing steadily, with three stages of cagr – 38 per cent, 82 per cent, and 34 per cent, respectively – at the lower end of the domestic excavator industry, which strongly supports the company’s overall performance.
Haaanresearch Chart 2 has been going through three phases in the excavator industry since 2008.
The three-stage compound increase in the Recavator tank is higher than in the excavator industry, and figure 6 is the global layout of the rectangular hydraulic pressure 1.2 is scarce: barriers are high + high-quality customers are tied and the industrial chain is high
With high barriers to entry in the hydraulics sector, it is difficult to gain entry in the short term. The company has developed as a natural asset and, in 2005, was established as a qualified vendor for Carter in 2010 to capture the peak sales of the excavator industry in 2008-2011, with a growing market share of oil tanker products and a successful replacement of national production, and in 2016, with the recovery of the excavator industry, in foreign goods.
In the context of supply bottlenecks for the pump valves, the company's pump valves were successfully introduced into the main plant supply system, 2017, with small-scale testing starting, phase-out began in 2018, small-divide pump valves were now largely replaced by national production, medium-sized digs, pump valves and larger space, and the company captured the rapid growth of the downstream industry, from fuel tanks to pump valves, and the product hit one.
K, the hydraulics industry itself is technology-intensive, financial barriers, scale barriers, etc., which determine how hard it is to enter the industry in the short term. The fact that companies sell their products out of the United States, that Caterpillar is more dependent on their products, and that, as a result, they have successfully applied for a tariff exemption, and that trade frictions have less impact on the company’s operations, is a clear illustration of the irreplaceable nature of the company’s products.
So far, the company has more than 50% of the city of the excavator tank, and there is still a small amount of room for improvement as downstream customers such as Trinity, Xudu and others take up the market of the company. 2 companies bind high-quality customers and have a high industrial chain. The company's customers are of high quality, and the brand has a clear edge.
The main clients of hydraulic products include: the brands of famous excavators, such as Caterpillar, Shinzi, Triichi, Xu; the hydraulics of the shield; the main clients of the product include the brands of famous shield machines, such as Central Iron Engineering, Iron Man, Xiao Matsu, Yokotaka, Robbins, etc.; the maritime customers include: tts, McKegar, National Oil wells, etc.; and the new energy equipment customers include Gomi, Vess.
Tas and others; clients of industrial hydraulic products such as Haitian, Immy, Andretz and others; special vehicle customers such as Mani Tovak, Trex and others. The quality of the company's customers, the branding effect, and years of collaboration and accumulation have created a clear pre-emptive advantage for the company, posing a stronger entry barrier for potential competitors and providing adequate assurance of the company's future hydraulic pressure.
The potential for steady growth of the sector ' s market share and continuity of profitability. 2 Stereo hydraulic: domestic hydraulic taps, full product line layout 2.1 deep-culturation hydraulic area, concentration of equity structure
Thirty years old, in the field of deep-farm hydraulics. Stereo hydraulic fluids were established in 1990 and were the first to engage in aerodynamic component manufacturing.
The company has a stable and centralized equity structure. The company’s chairman, Wang Liping, and his family’s co-activists, hold 69.16% of the company’s shares through Changzhou, Hong Kong’s Shino, and Hong Kong’s consistent investments, and are actually in control.
Investments are the company’s core executives holding platform, with shareholders in addition to Wang Liping’s general manager, Qiu Yongning, deputy general manager, Xu Jin, and Shanghai’s new director, Yao Ji-wei. The company’s management holds stable shares and shares are concentrated.
The company has a wide variety of hydraulic products and a wide range of downstream applications. The company ' s main products are divided into six main categories, including high-pressure tanks, hydraulic pump valves, motors, precision casts, aerodynamic components and a full range of hydraulic systems. They are widely applied to walk machines such as excavators, cranes, etc.: 2 shield units, etc., industrial applications such as a plastic-engineer: 3 offshore operating platforms,
In the marine industry, such as ship cranes: 4 new energy areas such as solar power generation and wind power generation. Corporate brands are growing, and ongoing new product development will help to widen the area of product applications.
Since the tank products were cut into the hydraulic field, the company's capacity has increased and its product variety has increased. In 2011, the Changzhou Wujin factory became the world's largest fuel tank production base. In 2012, it began investing in hydraulic pump valves, acquiring research and development from various industrial valves in Shanghai, creating a new (60%) major camp; and building a high-precision foundry factory to produce pump valves.
(b) The company’s pump valve product was produced on a scale scale in 2018 and was applied in downstream batches. The company’s supply layout for hydraulic systems integration and hydraulic set-up is almost complete.
The highest rate has always been, but with the increase in the variety of company products, the proportion has gradually declined from 99.12 per cent in 2011 to RMB 2019, or 40.4 per cent, or 25.0 per cent, respectively; in the non-scaling tank, the highest percentage of income has been realized in the weight series, or 48.8 per cent, followed by other areas such as shielding, marine industry and new energy, or 24.5 per cent, 15.8 per cent, and 10.9 per cent, respectively.
In the first half of 2020, the company sold 32.95, 642,000, or +27 per cent of the same, and increased sales at a rate of more than 60 per cent of the volume of small excavations downstream in the first half of the year, and at a rate higher than the industry average.
The company’s share of small-scale bunker sales is correspondingly higher, with a much lower price; on the other hand, the overall average price of the digger tank is lower as a result of a preferential policy towards large-scale customers. According to our calculations, the company’s share of the digger tank is now around 48%, and will continue to rise in the future with the expansion of overseas customers and the increase in the concentration of downstream mainframe plants.
Space. Non-scaling tanks: Both sales and revenues have declined by the same amount, mainly due to the higher overseas share of non-scaling tank operations and the higher impact of the epidemic in the first half of the year. In the future, with warmer overseas demand and the expansion of domestic customers, small- and medium-scale dredging pump valves are in the process of being released and their revenues are growing at a higher rate.
Since the supply, production capacity has continued to increase; after the customer validation period of 2019, the large- and medium-divide pump valves have been matched to the downstream mainframe, where the production and sales are synchronized, the company pump valve lines have been operating at full capacity, and the city of the small- and medium-divide pump valves have continued to rise. The large-divide pump valves have raised the space. We are using the January-June pumps and the valves.
A rough calculation of the city ' s share of production: currently, the city of the small-digger pump valves accounts for about 40 per cent on average, about 25 per cent on average and only about 6 per cent on average, and there is much room for improvement in the future of the large-digger pump valves.
Performance was excellent and profit elastic. Since the company was listed in 2011, the net profit and return to the mother was 22 per cent and 19 per cent, respectively; in the last four years, the firm ' s product structure was optimized, its capacity increased and its downstream engineering and machinery industry recovered, and its net profit and return to the mother grew rapidly, from 13.7 million yuan in 2016 to 2019 yuan in 2016.
In the first half of 2020, the profits of the company were raised by a combination of revenues, and the profitability of the company continued to increase. The profits of the company increased significantly as the effects of the second quarter subsided, with the recovery of the excavator sales, with a return of 3,456 million yuan, or +23.75 per cent, and the net profit of the mother, which was $986 million, or +85.45 per cent.
Product structure optimization plus scale effects, and Māori rates continue to rise. In 2015, the lowest Māori sales rate in companies fell due to low-price policies in companies in the lower industry cycle: on the one hand, companies invested counter-cyclically in castings, hydraulic pump valves and fuel tank support projects, with low capacity utilization in the early stages of product restructuring and ongoing construction.
As the productivity utilization rate increases and the income share of high-value pump valves increases, the combined Māori ratio tends to pick up gradually. We believe that the medium- and large-scale dredging pump valves are not going to be in the release phase, expanding the scale effect while further optimizing the product structure of the company, the company.
There is still room for improvement in the overall Māori rate.
The most significant reduction in the rate of corporate management costs (including R & D) was recorded, with a decrease of 9.85 pct, with a public R & D rate of more than 4 per cent, which remained largely stable; a sales cost rate of 5.43 per cent to 2.06 per cent, a decrease of 3.38 pct; and a financial cost rate of 2.96 per cent to -0.57 per cent.
In the first half of 2020, the net interest rate on corporate sales was 28.6%, compared to +4.54 pct, and the increase in profitability has benefited from a positive trend. We believe that companies are intelligently adapting their production lines, with significant efficiency gains, while the share of pump valves with high future values will continue to rise and net interest rates will remain on the rise.
Cost controls have been significant, R & D costs have been relatively stable, high quality of operations, and net cash inflows have increased significantly.
0.07, 1.54, 799, 1.660 billion yuan in the first half of 2020, or 945 million yuan in the first half of 2020, i.e. +18.83 per cent of the year. The significant increase in operating net cash flows was backed by companies that began to upgrade production lines continuously in 2016 in response to the warming of downstream markets, and increased spending on raw materials.
The net cash flow in the first half of 2020 was almost at the same level as the net return profit. And, from the perspective of accounts receivable, the increase in the size of the accounts receivable was accompanied by a continuous increase in the intra-annual ageing ratio, indicating good repayments and high quality of the company ' s operations.
2.4 The scale of foreign revenues has increased and the multi-market layout has yielded significant results The foreign earnings of companies have remained high during the downswing of the domestic industry in 2011-2016, with a share of the total revenues Recovering downstream demand, the income growth has been reversed against the foreign market, and the share of foreign revenues has declined.
While external earnings are expected to continue to grow at a low rate in 2020 as a negative factor for corporate exports, the corporate overseas profile, driven by a long-term business perspective, will continue to strategically leverage income expansion and hedge single market risks, with less short-term adverse effects.
There is less control than expected of the epidemic; countercyclical adjustments are weak; capital and real estate investments have declined significantly; overseas, information on legal compliance has been used, the report has been produced independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report have come from open market information, and I do not provide any assurance about the accuracy or completeness of these messages, nor about any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
Reference. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.