Business Cobra (001979) Real estate Development business in core cities with steady expansion of asset operations at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
The reasons for this decrease include: 1) the same decline in both the carry-over rate and the carry-over ratio due to the downside of the market; 2) the implementation by companies of the national rent relief policy requirement of $750 million for the rental of merchants; 3) the same total for inventory, investment-based real estate, long-term equity investments, etc., and credit write-offs for receivables.
2.03 billion yuan more than the previous year; 4) investment returns are lower than the previous year; in 2021, the Mansions were marketed as a bottom-of-the-ground snake farm, generating 1.46 billion yuan after taxes. In 2022, the core city of deep-deep farming rose in reverse position.
For 292.6 billion yuan, the industry is ranked 6th. The number of companies in Shanghai, Hoyoto, Suzhou, Nanton and Xu states is more than 10%, 12 cities across the country have entered the top 5 of their local sales, have competed in the core cities, and plans to return to growth by $330 billion.
In 2022, the company received $5.71 billion in full-calibre assets and $3.04 billion in ebitda, representing an increase of 6.2 per cent and 6.9 per cent, respectively, respectively, in return for the return of ebitda in 41 projects under construction and preparation, with a total construction space of 4.04 million.
There are 33 industrial parks in the camp, operating a construction area of 2.57 million units. There are 41 long rental apartments in the camp, 1,08 million in the camp, 28 in the construction and preparation of projects and 640,000 in the company.
The urban services biosphere, with property management measuring 310 million square metres and new contracts amounting to $3.18 billion, has taken the initiative to optimize the asset-liability structure and the financing advantage. Companies have extended their debt over a long period, adjusted their financing variety, financed $32.7 billion in open markets through innovative varieties such as mergers and acquisitions, green tickets, etc., with multiple ticket interest rates.
During the same period, the industry was newly low, with a combined capital cost of 3.89 per cent at the end of the year, a significant decrease of 59bp from the beginning. Companies adopted a sound financial management strategy, with an asset-liability rate of 62.42 per cent at the end of the period, net liability rates (001979): a focus on core cities.
A negative sales ranking (2022-09-02) takes into account the firm's robust sales performance, adequate earth storage and high structure, and maintains a “holding” rating. Assumption 1: The company plans to return to growth track by 2023 with a contract value of $330 billion, with a settlement of resources
Assumption 2: The company's transformation from development to development and operation has resulted in a re-engineering of the business plate, a multi-operability of the assets movement camp to cover the estates, commercial offices, etc., and the development of the business development facilitated by the two-reits platform, both within and outside the country, and the expected delivery of the company's assets, sales and repayments below expectations, as well as policy management risks.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.