Company review report  Real estate industry grinds down the cycle and builds up the bottom of its performance (001979.sz)
Events: In recent days, the company published its annual report for 2022. Throughout 2022, the company achieved an operating income of $183.03 billion, an increase of 13.92 per cent over the previous year, and a net return of $4.264 billion to the mother, Wang Qiuchi.
Special appreciation is due to the market environmental impact of the intern Wong Xudong, and the overall performance of the real estate industry. The decline in corporate profits is mainly due to the decline in gross interest rates, the deflating of inefficient projects and the increase in impairments, and the corresponding policy reduction and reduction of rents.
With both supply- and demand-side policy resonance stimulating the heat of the market, we see its long-term profitability gains and its performance continue to grow. Real estate development operations are largely robust, and high-energy urban markets perform well.
The sales sector has risen backwards, from one to six places in the previous year. The company is deep in high-energy cities, with more than 10 per cent of the cities in the five eastern cities of Shanghai, Hoyoto, Shanghai single, sales out of 74 billion yuan, and sales in 12 cities around the country are stable.
Top 5. The company has expanded its digital marketing channels and has achieved significant results, amounting to 68,600 million yuan over the year. Twenty-two of the new projects were opened in the year when they were launched, first of all, by diluting the mood of the new demand and market viewing, and a real estate dot recovery will drive the fundamentals.
In 2022, the company acquired 56 plots of land and the investment intensity of the industry as a whole remained high.
The amount of investment in the total city was 94 per cent and 90 per cent, respectively, and the price of a single city was $3.1 billion for 10 high-quality lands in Shanghai, 5 in Shenzhen and 5 in compost.
After taking over 14 urban renewal projects in the central and northern parts of the country in 2021, the company continued to build up its capacity for high-quality incubation projects, actively covering the Australasia Bay region of Port-au-Prince, with a total of 25 city renewal projects with an area of approximately 12 million square metres planned for housing.
In 2022, the company ranked eighth in terms of productivity, the multi-projected Cree list, and the first-ever out-of-school satisfaction rate of 90 in the last 10 years, with a significant 28 per cent increase in the proportion of perfect delivery.
In the area of centralized business management, companies have promoted the continued optimization of their operations, actively expanding their resources, establishing partnerships with over 4,000 brands in 2022, optimizing the recruitment mechanism and improving the membership system, with a total membership of over 5 million in 2022, compared to the same number.
In 2022, in keeping with a consistent strategy of sound financial management, the “three red lines” were always green and optimized continuously. At the end of the year, companies removed pre-receipt bills, $10 billion in mid-term bonds, $10 billion in super-short-term vouchers, completed the first market mergers, and bought tickets.
In 2022, companies consolidated their balance sheets, reduced the cost of financing, and created a long-term advantage for subsequent development. Investment proposals: 2022, the real estate industry faced a cycle of downgrading, proactive marketing, emphasis on product strength, branding and strengthening, enhanced internal management of firms, tight access to financing window opportunities, and improved quality efficiency.
We are looking forward to the company's head figure 1: Merchant income from business operations and the same rate of growth.
Figure 2: Merchant Combines attributed to net profits of shareholders in listed companies and the same rate of increase, Figure 3: Merchant Combines net profit margin, Figure 4: Merchant Combines Māori
Figure 5: Merchant Snake Asset Debt Ratio, Figure 6: Merchant Snakes ' Basic per Share and Same Ratio, Figure 7: Merchant Snakes ' Size and Same Ratio
Figure 8: Merchant snake sales and comparative figures, Figure 9: Merchant snake land area and peer comparison. I promised to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research opinion.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report. The Institute has been mainly engaged in research in the real estate sector and related upstream and downstream chains.