In the second quarter, the company's gross operating income was $31.2 billion, or +18.9 per cent, the net profit from the mother was $14.8 billion, or +18.0 per cent, and the net profit/business income from the mother was 47.42 per cent.
The same ratio-0.37 pct, we expect to be related to the cost side, the administrative and financial rates for the same period last year, the speed with which the bottle is being lifted, the series is slowing down. In the first half of the year, the income from the bottle was about $59.1 billion, compared to \triangleright.
+18.3 per cent, of which 9.9 billion yuan, or 30.3 per cent, was collected in the second quarter, 25.4 billion yuan, or 20.2 per cent, and 4.9 billion yuan, or 17.2 per cent, were collected in the second quarter.
It's more relevant, and it's driving up the ton price. The series of wines have slowed down in one quarter, as they did last three or four quarters, and we believe that the goal of stifling the 10 billion dollars with corporate control of delivery rhythms and stabilizing the city is firm and moving in an orderly fashion.
To strengthen the old wine rings so as to avoid the "Lake Sluice" phenomenon. Although the market continues to grow for long periods of time, the \triangleright kiosks have gradually increased their cooperative exchanges with the old wine rings, authorizing the first 10 kiosks to dig the huts.
In addition, companies are actively promoting the consumption of new bottles of wine, prompting them to return to their commodity properties. Even with a steady industry leader, companies continue to build their ability to travel through the cycle, showing strong growth resilience.
• Risk factors: the risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; and the lack of progress in technology improvement projects.
Chutai, Guizhou (600519): Multi-Efficacy. Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
In Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in Beijing, in the 9th House of the City Street, building No. 1, the food and beverages team was formed, whose members were trained mainly by senior industrialists and leading schools.
Pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, lasagna chefs, stubble foods), spices (in-depth study of Angel yeasts, familiarization with seafood, millet foods, stubby foods, seafood international), and Lélié, Master of Financial Science, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics of Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
To cover recreational foods (in-depth study of odious foods, weekly black ducks, brilliant, refined foods, saline shops, glycerine foods, ginseng foods), and white wine in Anhui region (known as Guai Goon, glorified wine, golden seed wine), Zhao Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Liquor (in-depth study of Guo Dai, 5 grain fluids, Jinzhou cellar, Shanxi wine, tea industry, alcoholic wine, water wells, ocean river shares, present-day fate, sauce plate blocks), Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, followed by 2 years of beauty in breast milk
Capt. Saputo is engaged in research and development, with a one-year experience in food and beverage research.
For 13 years, the industry has done first-line sales in the Penang cellar, Dukang, and the Shelde liquor industry, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive understanding of the trends in the white wine industry, particularly in analysing the competitive patterns of sub-high-end alcohol companies.
Tang Jing, B.A., 15 years of experience in the fast-discharge industry, 10 years of experience in first-line sales of white wine, has an insight into high-end white wine. He's good at promoting the future market for alcohol based on available data and market moves.
The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter, “Sinda Securities”) has the CSRC-resumed qualification for portfolio investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.