\triangleright 16/07/2023 \triangleright
The profits of 23q2 were strong, and the kowtows led the way. The 23q2 company experienced a steady increase in revenue \triangleright, which is expected to be driven mainly by non-standard products and a 1935 increment in the kowtows, allowing for a steady increase in the price of kowtows.
Wang Xinhai, right, Mao Tai wine continues to rise; the series of wines is about $4.9 billion, +17%, same + 17%, return to the normal base, with a 1935 share rise, and we expect the series's Māori rate to be robust.
Zhang Lingyu built the bc co-ordinated ecology to speed up the movement to the world's top class.
A binary view of industrial policy and industry patterns, in which industrial norms focus on macroeconomics, consumer policies and the consumer environment, population factors, and assert confidence in industrial development and its long-term cyclicality and sustainability. 23 years of corporate internationalization, 24 years of exploring new channels, new products, new prices.
In addition, the company has continued to diversify its channels, with three generations of special stores, wine and so on, and trades and trades.
Sellers, electricians, etc., main distribution b-end, direct camping system and group purchasing operations c-end, co-ordinated bc ecology via i-pots in the first quarter of 2023. As of 2023.6.12, i-pots had more than 40 million subscribers.
In addition, price-marketing will continue to be promoted and reforms will be implemented to ensure the security of fund management through financial companies, which will provide shareholders with more investment returns in the future.
Investment recommendations: Accelerating channels optimization, continuous upgrading of the wine series structure, and a high degree of certainty in the company’s performance.
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and opinions of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.