White wine, 14/07/2023
In the first half of 2023, when the company released its performance, the company expected to achieve a gross operating income of about $70.6 billion in the first half of the year (of which about $59.1 billion was earned from the Maotai Liquor and about $9.9 billion from the Liquor Series), compared to +18.8 per cent in the same year.
q2 incomes are better than expected. q2 single-quarter revenues + 18.9% profits + 18%. q2 incomes are higher, taking into account the high entry base for i-potage and poor demand in the q2 sector, and the q2 income is better than expected. The first half-year income is about 48% higher than the previous year’s target, which is about 46% higher than the previous year’s level of certainty.
The structure and direct sales of Maotai products are expected to continue to rise. q2 kowtow is higher than 20.2%, up from the previous quarter. Of these, the flying stations are expected to remain stable, and companies are increasing their supply to their clients.
The q2 series earns $4.88 billion, compared to +17.2%, and the absolute amount and acceleration ring ratio have declined. The core focus is on low-season price q2 prices, which are still low in the market.
The price pressure is reduced by the rate of delivery of the poo platform, 1935. At this point, the price of the batch is stable over a thousand dollars, the distributors are still on par, and sales, driven by strong brand power, cultural landscape construction and expansion of channels, are expected to continue to achieve the desired target of 1935, with firms controlling the speed of the shipment in order to maintain the price balance.
Investment proposal: Maotai q2 returns are better than expected. The drivers of corporate growth have not changed, and the year-round performance is expected to be completed.
Galactic Foods and Drinks: Mid-year mission, "Stable" at the end of the year. Galactic Food and Drinks.
(600519.sh): A rapid increase in the direct camp ratio is expected to be well structured Liu Li-Jen: Master of Finance, Shanghai Transport University, seven years of experience in the study of securities in the food, beverages and other consumer goods industry, with a focus on drinking plates and some non-drinking labels, and I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of the present report.