Food and beverage in Guizhou 600519 with excellent income growth and strong leadership, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
The growth of single q2 income is slightly higher than expected, driven by two wheels of Mautai and series wine. In the first half of the year, the income of Mautai wine was about $25.4 billion, compared to 20.2 per cent, and the income of the series was about $4.9 billion, compared to 17.2 per cent in the first quarter of the first quarter, with an accelerated growth in the income end ring of Mautai, which is expected to consist mainly of a new bottle of 24 gas.
The increase in alcohol contributions and the increase in the quota of non-square wines, such as the stacking of refined products, the birth of the Shaw, etc.: the growth of the alcohol cycle in the second quarter alone is slower than it is expected to be dominated by companies taking the initiative to control the speed of the distribution of the alcohol series, thereby stabilizing the price of the alcohol series, building confidence in the channels and safeguarding the push of the channels.
We anticipate or are associated with fluctuations in the tax rates between the quarter and the lower base of sales costs over the same period of the previous year, and in view of the structural upgrades and scale effects, we see a year-round profit increase faster than income certainty, a robust base and a year-long goal.
The price of the daily batch is stable at around $2730, and the whole box is stable at around $2950; overall, the price of the bottled wine is strong, its stock is good and its base is stable; in the wine series, the company has continued to increase its branding and underline testing of the 1935 kiosks in the second quarter, and the exposure and bottle opening rates of the 1935 kiosks continue to increase.
The price of the batch is around $1030. The current two-wheel drive pattern of the gins and the series of wines highlights the fact that the company's product is a bit of a flower, its inner growth tools are rich, it's already over-achieving half the time, it's over-tasking, and it's going to lead the industry upwards. 1. As the industry's dynasty needles, the company's approvals are stable.
The year 2023 is a crucial year for the 14th century, and the company will continue to work in a steady fashion, and will continue to work on the basis of the Five-Year Marketing Act and the five-Year Marketing Act.
Under the guidance of the Five-line Development Path, the reform of product and channel systems continues to deepen, with high-quality growth surpluses.3 In the context of the continued deepening of corporate reforms, channels and product structures have become more balanced, medium- and long-term quantitative prices have been overstretched and long-term strategies have developed.
The movement continues to fall, and the long line continues to grow, maintaining the “buy-in” rating. 1. Guozhou hut (600519), 23q1 is open-door red, leading the industry upwards (2023-04-18).
3. Maotai, Guizhou (600519): 22 years of successful admission, 23 years of great progress (2023-04-02) and no direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or observations made in this report.