It's a solid rock, and it's driven by a rise in sales.
A little more than previously disclosed in the business data bulletin for the first half of the year, the base of the bottle is solid, and the series of wines continue to boost income. 23h1 completed the production of the base bottle at 4.46 million tons (+4.9% compared to +4.9% compared to +18.6% compared to +8.6% compared to +8.6%).
The net profit ratio of 23h1 was 1.59 billion yuan (+21% for the same year), and the profits of the company grew better. The profit of 23h1 Māori 23h1 increased better.
The Māori rate has fallen slightly, but remains high. The reduction in the cost rate between 0.6 pct and 7.7 per cent during the 23q2 period is a historically low level. The decrease in the cost rate during the q2 period is mainly due to the contribution of the cost of sales (the return on the cost of sales is good and the cash flow is abundant. For cash flow, the return on sales of 23h1 was $69.07 billion, an increase of 12.9 per cent.
The company continues to introduce non-standard new items and has increased its sales channels. The company has implemented the "Five Together" marketing method, continuously perfected the structure of its products, introduced new products from the "Silence 24" series, and continued the "Sweeting 1935" series.
By the end of June 23, the cumulative number of registered users reached 42 million, becoming a digital marketing model and a leading position. As a result, 23h1 companies achieved a direct sales stream of $31.42 billion, a 50 per cent increase, well above the 3.6 per cent increase in wholesale agency channels.
Reference is made to the high-end white wine valuation level and, taking into account the firm ' s strong operational stability and performance certainty, the counterpart company ' s share of direct sales into a new engine versus booster performance. Environmental protection risks, food safety risks.
1 In order to avoid the confusion caused by the fact that the company's gross operating income is larger than its operating income and is not uniform in its calibre, the following calculations are presented: gross profit = operating income — operating cost, gross profit / gross operating income, gross profit / gross operating income, sales cost = sales costs / gross operating income, net profit = net profit / operating income, net profit return = net profit return to the mother — cash earned for the sale of goods and the provision of labour, the same caliber.
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, linked directly or indirectly to the specific recommendations or views in this report, and any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is null and void. The market is at risk, and the investor, Port-Services Inc. (“the company”) is an institution qualified for legal securities investment consultancy.
Investors should not simply rely on this report to replace their own independent judgement, and should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors on that basis