q2 performance showed resilience, and core products continued to thrive with revenues of about $70.6 billion (of which around $59.1 billion was earned from the Mautai Liquor and $9.9 billion from the company q2 from the Liquor Series) and high-quality growth. Despite the weak recovery of the economy in the first half of 2023,
About $14.8 billion, an increase of 18.0% in the same year, and high-quality growth in the performance of the company. Liquor generated about $59.1 billion in operating income, an increase of 18.3% in the same year.
About $9.9 billion, an increase of 30.3 per cent in the same quarter, the revenue from the second quarter of the year was approximately $25.4 billion and $4.9 billion, respectively, representing an increase of 20.2 per cent and 17.2 per cent, respectively, q2 kiosks, to the extent that the company q2 was concerned with the price stability of the series.
In a recent shareholder meeting, companies indicated that, as of 12 June of this year, the total number of registered users in i-kup was more than 4,17.9 million, and the cumulative amount of transactions amounted to $27.3 billion.
The company’s productive capacity has been released steadily, and is expected to increase its performance. In the case of macho wine, the company had planned to invest approximately $15.516 billion in the construction of the “14th Five-Five” technological improvement project, which would allow for the addition of new puppies, the actual production capacity of wine is about 198,000 tons/year, and the storage capacity is about 847,000 tons.
The production of 56,000 tons of gin is expected to be completed, and if the project is successfully completed, the production of gin will be able to grow again, and the project will be completed by the end of the 20th month. The project is expected to be completed in tonnes/year. The release of company capacity is expected to lead to further growth in performance.
At the same time, the company's two-wheel-drive strategy is clear, the channel structure continues to be optimized, and i-pot is expected to increase the company's performance.
And it is expected that output will release less than expected, macroeconomic impact, etc. “positive” investors will be fit only to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk” levels, and “radical” investors will be fit to use our divisions.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a professional manner and with due diligence, and with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in the present report and have not used it to issue them.