The main business of the Maotai Co. Ltd. in Guizhou is Maotai, which published its semi-annual report, 2023h1 generated $69,576 million, an increase of 20.76 per cent.
Production and sale of alcohol and a series of wines. The dominant product, "Guizhou " , is one of the world's three major distilled wines. It is also a collection of 21.72% more than in the same year. The net return to the mother is $15.186 million, or 21.01% more than in the same year.
At the end of the second quarter of 2023, the company's contract debt was $7.334 billion.
The current operating income is 25,557 million yuan, or +21.09 per cent, and the revenue from the series is $5,060 billion, or +21.32 per cent. The increase in the growth of the kiosks has increased.
“i-tao” registered over 42 million people, and the platform achieved $9.338 billion in sales in the first half of the year, directly contributing to direct sales. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: in this year’s weak consumer economy, companies work hard.
The target product, the increase in the direct-camp ratio, the growth in the supply chain, and the steady growth of 2023q2 have remained stable, showing strong performance stability. We maintain the judgement that the company achieved a 15% increase in sales revenue in 2023, a 17% increase in net profit for the mother, an eps58.39, and a 32-fold increase in value.
In the medium-to-long term, companies still have a steady growth trend and capacity, with historical valuation levels to be used as a source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
Kodai, Guizhou (600519).
An analysis of your own research views.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.