The Sini Hill Billion is a solid growth in profits from the 23h1 in Guizhou (60519.sh) to demonstrate the resilience of the White Liquor Leader.
Events: The company published its semi-annual report in 2023, which generated operating income of $65.976 billion, a steady increase in profit from income growth of 23h1 and a steady increase in income from the White Liquor. The company achieved income of 65.976 billion yuan, an increase of 20.76 per cent from the same year.) In terms of products, 23h1 generated income of 59.279 billion.
Market data: On August 2, 2023, 23q2 khat earned 25,557 million yuan, an increase of 21.09 per cent in the same year; series earned the highest/lowest in the year:
The growth is expected to be based on the firm’s stability, mainly on the non-touch and direct distribution channels as a share/total equity (billions): the contribution of upgrading. With regard to the wine series, the price of the 1935 q2 low-season kiosks is down, and the company adjusts in a timely manner.
Market value of the market share in circulationa (billions): The speed of the product ' s delivery, thus reducing its price pressure, is currently stable at a total bulk price of over a thousand dollars, and it is expected that, under a balance of volume, the hut tower is still expected to reach its target of 10 billion.
Basic data: March 31, 2023, 100 million yuan, or 45.3%, and direct sales revenue continues to be high. The "i huts" currently register 40 million subscribers, and the 23q2 harvest is 4,435 million yuan, an increase of 0.43% over the same period.
In the context of weak physical sales, the growth of corporate revenue has shown its resilience. The Māori ratio of 23H1 has remained high, with a slight increase in net interest rates. The net profit of 23H1 has remained stable at the same time as the level of net interest rates has remained stable.
It is expected that the company’s level of profitability will increase in the future as costs are not optimized, the product structure continues to improve and direct distribution channels are reformed.
This year, companies have adhered to the overall strategy of the United States Times and the Five-Year Marketing Act, changing and upgrading, precision marketing, and actively maintaining price stability for their products. According to the feedback from the channels, the price is currently distributed around $2730.
From this firm’s steady increase in profitability and its growing brand influence, we believe that the company’s future value growth is mainly based on three dimensions, one being its growing brand power.
The second is the increase in the price of tons and the power of channels. The third is the increase in the price of tons as a result of structural upgrading, and we value the company's long-term investment price.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I am not, and will not be, compensated in any way, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity, status, or the credibility of the practice.
For the private gain of yourself or of others.