Elephant dances again, is more resistant to the cycle, and the performance of Mao Dai is again over-expected. In the first half of the year, the company achieved $70,987 million in gross operating income, 359.8 \triangleright
Guohai Maotai (60051.9 million yuan) is a net profit for the mother, rising by over 20 per cent in the second quarter of the year. 23h1
Whether or not to raise prices in the sky has been one of the most important concerns for capital, and Mao is more concerned about the legitimacy of the price. Since the second half of 2020, the prices in the skyscrapers have remained largely at the level of $2,700-2800 per bottle, the whole box of $2900-3000 per bottle.
Some types of financial attributes, and more strategic intent to return to commodity attributes, have greater significance. As a result of relatively stable market prices, there has been a decline in demand for low-priced liquor, which has been supported by factors such as gift properties, strong socialization, and so on.
The core of the price-neutral package is the double-up of the channel and product structure. If the product is predominantly structured, investment needs are more focused and thus less predictable.
The anchor. From the perspective of the old wine market, the price of new wine pushes up the price of new wine, and the price of new wine stabilizes, leading to a smooth sub-supplier, a sub-supplier, a sub-supplier, a non-stamp, and a new flyer, which together leads to a smoother balance. Most non-supplier products also return to commodity properties.
The series of wines has grown by more than 30% over a six-month period. From "The Big Tree" to 2015 - \triangleright, the series of wines are driven by two wheels after 2016, and the efforts of the series of wines have boosted the heat of soy sauce, as well.
The ability to boost the growth of the kowtow in more price bands, whether 1935 in a thousand-bit band, the sub-high-priced prince, the Hancart, has achieved price leaps and runs, and we believe that this rich product structure is more risk-resistant than a single large one.
The share of direct sales has risen from 8% in 2019 to 45.3% of 23h1, and the share of direct sales has risen from 8% in 2019 to 45.3%.
In the long run, with prices becoming clear, the profits of the channels are becoming thinner, and there is a tendency for dealers to concentrate their heads and more brands.
Guozhou Maotai (600519): When the channel structure is changed in the hands of a few distributors, the cost of ground-based extension is also significantly higher. Direct control end c is guaranteed for both price and sales, but requires a greater ability to penetrate the mind of consumers on a larger scale.
You need more leverage from distributors at the local level to not be able to reach the end of direct control. The self-employed i-pots on the line account for 13.5% of the total and 30% of the direct sales.
An exploration at the station has opened up channels to some of the newcomers, as well as to the effectiveness test for the promotion of new products. The product mix of 100 ml has been innovative in the gift box and is better suited to the market demand for gifts and friends to drink.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: Mao has once again demonstrated the ability to dance with elephants and from product \triangleright Sinda Securities Inc.
I'll pay you back a lot of money, cindasecuritiesco.ltd's annual share earnings are $59.96, $70.50 and $82.57, respectively.
Risk factors: Risks of macroeconomic uncertainty; TRPs are not as advanced as expected. \triangleright coupons form food-beverages teams, whose members are predominantly developed by industry seniors and leading schools.
Li Qing Feng, Master of Finance, Graduated from the Central University of Finance and Finance, three years of experience in food and beverage research and two years of experience in bond research, covering pre-processed foods (in-depth study of Ani foods, lasagna chefs, Quake foods) and spices (in-depth study of Angie yeast mothers, familiar with seafood, milligram cooking, Qinghai foods, Qinghai International).
Qui Li, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, three years of experience in food and beverage research. Queer foods and chains (in-depth study of tasted foods, dark ducks, brilliantness, friendly foods, saline shops, gnasen foods, ginseng foods, etc.) are studied in depth.
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, three years of food and beverage research experience.
Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science and Research, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, USA, then studied and operated two years later in the milk industry, Capricorn Saputo, and two years of experience in food and beverage research.
Zhang Wei-hyun has graduated from Wuhan Polytechnic, two years in law, economics, two years in the financial sector, then entered the White Wine industry, 13 years in first-line sales in the Cedars, Dukang, and Shedd, with practical exercise experience in high-end, sub-high, medium- and low-end prices, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and an exclusive view of the trends in the White Liquor industry.
Dom, a bachelor's degree in engineering at the Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of experience in the fast-density industry, 10 years of experience in first-line sales of white wine, has a unique insight into high-end white wine. He's good at driving the future market for alcohol based on available data and market moves.
Wang Xueqing, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. in Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering beer (in-depth studies on Huayun beer, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer), water, and beverages. Full peace, with a Master of Management, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland Business School, overseas studies and work experience have gained a broad international perspective.
The three-year experience of strategic investment in head housing enterprises is good at exploiting opportunities for upstream and downstream development from an industry perspective.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.