The performance was in line with expectations, and the leadership energy continued to be reported to the incident evaluation of the company at Yutai, Guizhou (600519.sh). On July 13, 2023H1 operational data bulletin was published at Yutai, Guizhou.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn's performance is in line with expectations, highlighting the long-term resilience of the medium-town liquor camp, which collects $59.1 billion, or 18.3 per cent, and a series of wine camps, which collects $9.9 billion.
Of this amount, 25.378 million yuan, or 20.3 per cent, was collected in the second quarter of the year from the Mautai Liquor Camp, with a 52-week range of prices and a combination of product-channel energy with a high degree of certainty of long-term growth.
In the case of q2 kiosks, 1935 is based on stable prices, controlling the pace of delivery, and moving steadily towards the 100 billion-dollar target year-round. On the other hand, on the company side of the pipeline.
The company’s long-term strategy is clear, rules are clear, the layout is long-term, performance is firm, and profits are continuously released.
1. "Kotai, Guizhou (600519). Industry downside risks, output expansion less than expected, growth in direct growth less than expected, reform process less than expected, fast price increases, etc.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short- to medium-term potential, a share of thinking about white wine plates, deep-seated thinking and insight into the Su wine, Ho Ho, Bachelor of Law, University of Shandong, and Master of Arts, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, for dual master of law, economics and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific comments or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.