Steady speed, structural improvement over simple price increases, steady upward contribution to direct sales, and higher product structure. In the first half of the year, the income share of the mahogany/square series of wines was low, the distributors were making regular payments, the quota was issued in July, and the manufacturers were paid in August.
Of this amount, 23q2, the gross operating income of the company was $31,608 million, an increase of 20.38 per cent over the same period; the net return to the mother was RMB 50.6 billion, or +21.34 per cent over the same period, and the first single season of Mau-Dai wine since 2019 was more than 20 per cent over the same period, and was inextricably linked to direct sales increases and non-label sales.
Liquor does not contain tax revenues of $4.436 billion, and the ratio of direct sales is +4.65 pct to 44.46%. For the first time since 21q4, revenue sales have increased in the single quarter of the same year, and for the first time since 20q4, the ratio is related, and companies are using a combination of fists to achieve steady price and performance growth.
In the first half of the year, Mautai/Serious Liquor Production (600519), the channel structure has been modified to 81%, and at the beginning of July, 13 liquor mills in the creme area of Xiaohua County were successfully sealed.
State Maotai (600519). Direct sales contribution boom, expected to be delivered in September and put into use in a new production cycle, the release of a series of liquor products accelerated. Corporate turnover taxes and surcharges in the first half of the year increased as a result of the pace of production. +0.12 pct to
15.24%. In terms of publicity, companies continue to carry out a series of cultural activities in the “Four Books” and in the “Four Books” and in the “Four Books” and the “Friendly Grace” series, to highlight the cultural spread of Mao, with the same sales rates in the first half of the year ranging from -0.05 pct to 2.57%, which remain largely stable.
In the reporting period, the cost rate for the period was the same -0.94 pct, attributed to the mother of \triangleright Sindh Securities Inc.
Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; technology improvement projects are not as advanced as expected risks
A food and beverages team is formed, with members mainly trained by senior industrialists and top-level students. Liu Qingfeng, Master of Finance, graduated from the Central University of Finance and Finance, three years of experience in food and beverage research, and two years of experience in bond research.
Mother, familiar with the seafood industry, the millet industry, the millet food industry, the seafood industry, the seafood industry.
Chiu Dangang, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, three years of food and beverage research experience.
Joray, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, followed by two years of U.S.A. research and development and operation at Sapto, a giant in milk, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Liquor, two degrees in law and economics, two years in the financial sector, followed by the white wine industry for 13 years.
At the lower and lower end of the scale, there is practical exercise experience, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and a unique understanding of the trends in the white industry, especially in analysing the patterns of sub-higher alcohol competition. Tang Jing, B.A., Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of fast-discharge industry experience, 10 years of first-line sales experience.
You have an insight into high-end white wine. You're good at promoting the future of alcohol based on available data and market moves. You're good at the future of the market. You're good at it. You're good at it. You're good at it. You're good at it.
With three years of experience in strategic investment in head houses, they are good at exploiting opportunities for upstream and downstream development from an industry perspective. 2021, plus a drink team, covers mainly white wine plates.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.