Maotai, Guizhou (600519). The Maotai Party Committee held a six-month working session on 14 July. The meeting revealed that in the first half of 2023, Maotai had received 59.1 billion yuan (+18.3 per cent) of the net profit from the mother ' s profit.
The main economic indicators of the group achieved double-digit growth, of which the group achieved operating income of about 76.9 billion yuan, with total profits of about $52 billion, an increase of about 20.8 per cent and 19.8 per cent, respectively, respectively.
The series of wines has been growing at a rate of q1 growth, and it is expected to be dominated by companies, with a continued market of 1935 expected to reach the target of 10 billion. Unmarked, huttops are expected to be around 1935 million, of which Maoshu contributes about 1 billion dollars in tax revenue.
Nearly 400,000 people live, and it is expected to accumulate around 2 billion dollars since the beginning of the year. Third, the stock, which has fallen separately in bulk/box prices, is expected mainly to be linked to changes in taxes and lower sales costs over the same period. Against a background of weak sales across the entire white industry after the spring, corporate revenue collection and the continued acceleration of the mahogany have highlighted the high-end white tap's strength and resilience.
The annual income growth target of 15% is expected to be exceeded. Outlook: products continue to be released through channels, short-term availability is sufficient, long-term targets are robust (1) products continue to be released through channels. 1 product end, 1935 releases, fresh wines are on line last year, 24 gas products are on line.
Launching and further refinement of the brand matrix to boost the price of a bottle of wine and a series of wine. 2 channels, on the one hand, i-pots can be released, space is still large, direct camp non-subscription, pedal 1935 will continue to drive up the price of tons, while the world’s current year is the year.
The opening line is also expected to contribute to the increase; on the other hand, it is expected to continue to grow in Suzhou, Ningbo, etc.: company reviews and direct business contributions are expected to increase. The up-to-the-line straight-up is expected to further increase overall profitability.
q1 has opened doors, improved performance (2) has a sufficient supply of short-term available sales and a robust long-term target.
In addition, the 14th Five-Year Plan for the Economic and Social Development of the City of Compliance and the Vision 2035, mentioned:
In terms of the vision for 2035, "Supporting the Maotai Group in forming the Maotai wine industry can reach 100,000 tons." The short- and long-term goals and related policies support the stability of the Mao Dai performance.
Guozhou Maotai (600519): Corporate Insight Report (Next): White Liquor Tremendous, Sea Pilgrims, Investment Recommendations: Good Industry Model, Company Top, Strong Main Industry (Mautai), Second Curve (Serial)
Against a backdrop of rapid growth, we look forward to a long-term improvement in corporate performance as the direct-account ratio continues to rise. We anticipate that the report will contain any specific proposals or views expressed in this report that are directly or indirectly relevant, using data on legal compliance, careful research findings, and independent and objective production.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.