Upgrade of the cap on associated transactions in 2019 to validate the high domestic climate, with an additional $800 million proposed to boost overseas outreach: company announcement of the first interim shareholders meeting in 2019, to be considered and approved
Five proposals were made to revise the 2019 annual associated transaction, the next three years associated transaction, the offshore subsidiary cosl Middleeastfze loan, the issue of a guarantee for an offshore subsidiary ' s dollar bond, and the issuance of an offshore subsidiary ' s dollar bond in 2020.
Siu Gogh: As a result of the increased exploitation of offshore oil and gas exploration in China in 2019, the company built a ceiling on the volume of related transactions with China ' s oil oil oil services category in 2019, from the planned 23,095 million yuan up to 25,917 million yuan; and increased capital expenditure based on China ' s oil and from China
Factors such as the historical share of sea oil contributions in total revenues and the provision of a 20 per cent buffer space (2016). Although the cap on associated transactions is not an income guide, it also reflects the seven-year China Sea Oil initiative as a catalyst for the domestic market for marine oil uniforms.
▪ United States dollar loans and $800 million in bonds to enhance competitiveness in overseas markets: to meet offshore production and business needs and future dollar debt servicing requirements, the company proposes to make a $400 million revolving loan to the bank on behalf of borrowers with the full-of-pocket corporate division cosmiddleeastfze.
As of the end of June 2019, companies had a total of high-level non-collateral dollar bonds, with a balance of about RMB 6.93 billion. We believe that the current issue of dollar bonds will help the company expand.
Overseas markets, reflecting their expectations of better growth in overseas markets over the next few years, and further lengthening corporate debt years, optimizing the debt curve, and helping to elevate the company’s position in international capital markets. The benefits are added to China’s oil capital spending, as evidenced by the company’s performance cut-off: at the current domestic policy level
In the context of the continued upswing of oil and gas reserves, capital spending on three barrels of oil, including oil in China and China, continued to increase. Investment in oil exploration in China and China in the last three quarters of 2019 amounted to $14,089 million, compared with +107%, continuing the momentum.
1. China Sea Oil Uniforms (601808): The single seasons of drilling wells and technology are rapidly increasing and performance rolls continue to be validated. Of this amount, q3 are not returned to the mother for a net profit of $1.10 billion, up from nearly five years.
The continued increase in the utilization rate of the station will lead to a simultaneous improvement in daily fees, leading to a new high of 2019-10-31.
Continuing improvement: The continued high Māori rate of the technology plate will also boost the profitability of companies2 and the China Sea Oil Uniforms (6010808): performance is further enhanced and corporate elasticity is expected to be fully released.
At the beginning of the journey, the oil suit giants are back on track.  Profit predictions and investment ratings: the company is expected to benefit directly from three barrels of oil, dominated by China Sea oil, a build-up of costs, drilling wells, technical block operations, and profitability will continue to rise.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board