In the garment industry, marine oil uniforms outperformed the expected performance in the third quarter, and the global increase in daily fees will enable the company industry to follow the Chinese suit: a seven-year action plan to benefit three barrels of oil.
In the third quarter, the company's total revenue was $7,772 million, with a 1.5 per cent increase in the ring and a 39.3 per cent increase in the same year, and the "Seven-Year Plan of Action for three barrels of oil" ensured a view for the garment industry.
The net profit for the third quarter was 1,146 million yuan, with a 21.6 per cent increase in the ring, a significant increase in the same year. The third quarter was long-term, and the current low valuation provided a good opportunity for configuration.
Capital spending is planned to increase by 20%, and the domestic garment industry is expected to outperform the market for the last three quarters of the year. The higher expectations are mainly reflected in the continued strong recovery in the Māori ratio, 2019-3-25.
The increase in the Maori ring ratio in the third quarter was 4.3 percentage points, mainly due to the use of the Drilling Platform to track the garment industry - shale gas, which is about to rise further over the profit/loss rate, and the increase in the proportion of high-end wells after the commercialization of the technology to bring technical uniforms
At critical points, the maximum growth elasticity of the production of additional equipment and services increased the profitability of the plate.
Drilling rate in mid-2019. The company drilling platform worked 10662 days in the previous three quarters, an increase of 32.6 per cent over the same period. Workloads increased faster and oil and gas field production equipment will continue to tighten.
Shortage: 2019214 days, 22.5 per cent increase in the same year, 3749 days of work on the company drilling platform in the third quarter, increase of the same year
30.4 per cent longer, of which 2859 days of self-enhanced work, 42.5 per cent more than year-on-year, semi-submarine work, a significant rate of re-productivation, 890 days in the domestic oil service industry, an increase of 2.4 per cent compared to the first half of the previous three quarters.
Jerry's shares – profits in 2018 exceeded expectations, and global warming of production will be a bright light for the future performance of China Sea oil uniforms with high elasticity and high expectations. Despite the reported increase in disclosure of company platform fees, it is mainly due to structural changes in drilling platforms, individual
The cost of drilling platforms has not changed significantly, but according to the bulletins of the world, there is no significant change in the cost of drilling platforms.
The average daily cost of a rising and floating drilling platform shows small signs of increase.
The global drilling platform rental rate for mid-September, calculated on the basis of our oil and gas exploration platform, reached 82.52 per cent.
Over the same period of the year, there was an increase of 6.74 percentage points, with 17.37 rental rates for drilling platforms in South-East Asia rising.
In South America and West Africa, the rental rate fell by 1-2 percentage points, while in the deep sea, the Jerry Shares — A Firm Oil Clothes Strategy — Towards Industrial Recovery — led to the nationalization of oil field technical services in the territorial sea.
Sioux applications have led to a continued increase in the Māori rate of the technology service plate.
Five years on average, 600-80 million yuan has been invested in the development of borehole technical services, the development of a number of high-end technologies, such as drilling fluids, directional drilling, drilling with drilling wells, rotation orientation, production enhancement services, well-fixing services, etc.
The profit level of the plate is at an all-time high.
Draw, with regard to capital expenditure on oil and gas in China and China, priority was given to oil and gas exploration. $5.5 billion was spent on oil exploration capital in China and China in the third quarter (8621), representing an increase of 106 per cent over the previous three quarters.
Investment proposal: Three barrels of oil “seven-year action plan” to initiate a major recovery in domestic oil uniforms and a high-quality production increase (8610), 66229352
The company began to release its performance and was flexible, strongly recommending that attention be paid to China Sea oil uniforms and strongly recommending Jerry's shares.