A single-season non-performance of $1.1 billion has reached nearly five single-season highs, with a net profit of $1.89 billion on November 01, 2019, a significant loss on the same year.
Compared to +39.3 per cent; net return to the mother of $1.15 billion, corresponding to +1066.2 per cent, ring of +21.6 per cent; high-winding opportunities for domestic marine oil suits, driven by the seven-year plan to withhold non-sea oil, and full-scale increases in drilling and technology, and continuous validation of performance at the cut-off point.
The net cash flow from corporate operations in the first three quarters of the year was $1.13 billion, an increase of $1.89 billion, mainly due to a significant increase in sales of goods and the return of labour.  The Maori rate continues to improve and assets are of excellent quality: the company ' s Māori rate continues to rise, and the company ' s Māori has increased in the previous three quarters.
The ratio of 18.9 per cent to the ratio of 13.6 pct; 24.0 per cent to the ratio of q3 to the ratio of +16.6 pct, mainly due to the maturity of the current treasury and the increase in income, we believe that sufficient cash in hand will guarantee the company ' s continued ability to close orders at the point of the industry cycle; accounts receivable amount to 13.86 billion yuan, compared to 1.86 billion yuan.
73.0 per cent increase at the beginning of the year. This is mainly due to the increase in corporate operating income; inventory amounts to $18.85 billion, 80 per cent of the utilization station for calendar days for the rigs, and it is expected that the daily fees will be kept up, the rigs will be reheated and the interest rate will be restored: the average daily usage of the rigs at the end of the reporting period was achieved
80.9%, compared to +15.6pt; the self-introduction/semi-submarine platform calendar day usage rate is high and is expected to lead to a synchronous recovery of daily fees, triggering the recovery of the company’s Māori rate for drilling wells.
With a peak of 44.8% (2009), there is so much room for flexibility. In addition, the company’s technology plate benefits from an increase in the self-production rate and increased operational capacity, the Maori rate has surpassed the peak of the previous season, and is expected to be an important complement to the company’s growth in its performance in recent years, with the rapid release of the flat’s income end.
1. China Sea Oil Clothes (601808): Performance with a two-wheel drive will guarantee high growth in corporate income and performance.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: The company, as a domestic offshore oils leader, is expected to benefit directly from the build-up of capital spending on three barrels of oil, dominated by China Sea oil, in the context of the current state policy level, to sustain upturns in drilling, technology, etc., and profitability.
Taking into account the continuing high profile of domestic offshore oil suits and the company's high quality, we have moved up to the “buy-in” rating by upturning the company's profit margin and the company's continuing release of its performance.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board