The third quarter of 2019 was published by the company, with business income of $21,335 million in the first three quarters.
The net profit attributable to the shareholders of listed companies increased by 55.5 per cent to 2,119 million yuan, compared with a net loss of 277 million yuan during the same period last year; in the third quarter, operating income was realized by 7,771 million yuan, an increase of 39.3 per cent over the same period, and the net profit attributed to the shareholders of the parent company by 1,146 million yuan, a growth of 10.68 times over the same period, an increase of 21 per cent over the same period.
The use of the company drilling platform continues to grow at a very high rate, and the increase in the daily use of the self-edged drilling platform will be due next year mainly to the development of deep water projects in the country, and the development of the international deep water project will resume.
The company ' s ship service calendar angel use has increased to 94.2%, leading to near-saturation. The scale of the oil field technical services will increase with the increased utilization of the drilling platform, due to its high Maori rate.
The future is still the company’s main source of profits, and the company’s valuation is significantly higher. The company’s oilfield technology plate, with a gross interest rate of 25.4 per cent last year, contributes almost to the company’s business profits. The plate will depend on the growth of the company’s well-drilling, and will continue to provide high-morith services and consolidate the majority of the company’s profits.
The company benefited from an increase in domestic investment in energy security and was in the context of the recovery of international offshore investment in hydrocarbons.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, free of charge business on the 6th.
China Sea International Centre B, 17th floor, Law, uses legally compliant information to produce this report independently and objectively.
The company does not view it as a customer for the purpose of receiving this report, it does not have a direct business relationship with it as a reader, and it does not have an appropriate duty to do so. This report is confidential to the company, and if a non-resident customer receives this report, please return it and remove it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is disclosed publicly or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but it does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the report, which are subject to change without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the prices, values of securities or investment objects referred to in this report may be subject to change.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. For its other professionals, including but not limited to salesmen, traders, the company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report with analytical comments or trade views that are inconsistent with the report based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance.
The company seeks to report objectively and fairly, but the ideas, conclusions and recommendations contained in this report are for the information of investors only and are not an invitation or guarantee to purchase or sell securities or the subject matter of their investments.
The company and its authors do not bear any of the consequences of relying on, or using, this report and other relevant studies of the company.