The sales of the Woo-tung passenger car q3 have increased rapidly, and the Māori ring has been improving continuously.
7.7% net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies is 1.32 billion yuan, an increase of 10.6% over the same period; this is not what we expect. The sharp fall in subsidies, corporate control over the end price ensure profitability, sales, income and net profit reversals increase, and the continued improvement in the Maori margin ratio, highlighting the company’s excellence in management.
In the first three quarters of 2019, the company sold 42,140 buses, an increase of 6.6 per cent over the same period, of which 14,940 new energy buses, an increase of 22.7 per cent over the same period, and single cars.
The average price is 495,000 yuan per annum + 1.0% per cent. The price-end control of the company, combined with an increase in the share of sales and new energy, was enhanced, with a gross operating income of +7.7 per cent for the first three quarters of 2019, and a gross profit rate of 23.4 per cent and a slight decline of 0.2 pct for the same quarter; sales costs are expected to be +13.3 per cent compared to +13.3 per cent, leading to mortgage services, mainly due to an increase in sales and longer financing periods.
Increases in fees; management costs + 10.5 per cent are mainly the result of increased costs of management labour; R & D costs + 5.4 per cent are the result of increased research and development projects by companies; financial costs are increasing rapidly compared to sales of q3 and the M & A ratio continues to rise.
The same ratio + 13.2 per cent, the ring ratio + 12.5 per cent, of which 6,195 new energy buses, 80.9 per cent, and the ring ratio + 6.8 per cent, are expected to increase market openings and sales in a fast-growing period, mainly due to the countervailing transition of new energy buses; and the cost of R & D has fallen by 24.1 per cent over the same period, mainly from
The pilot of the company ' s new product was mainly completed during the second half of the year; the financial cost was significantly reduced by 130.7 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of reduced interest charges on corporate borrowing; management costs were reduced by +15.6 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with four cost rates combined by 14.1 per cent, a 2.3 per cent decrease on a year-on-year basis and a 2.3 per cent decrease on a ring-by-year basis.
Key nodes, working with clients during the transition period, facilitate the delivery of orders. New energy subsidies have fallen sharply, and thresholds such as technology and finance for businesses have been gradually raised, and companies are industry leaders, technology and water management.
Pilgrim industry leads, companies take advantage of industry trends, high-end, smart net-connected products continue to be invested in the Wootong passenger vehicle - slightly over-expected performance, Māori significantly improved, and new energy bus products complete a light-quantified, full-scale upgrade, in technology, products, markets.
A wide range of advantages is evident, and city occupancy is expected to continue to rise.
1) Decline in automobile sales; 2) Increase in prices of raw materials, etc.; 3) Significant drop in new energy subsidies.
Automobiles: car-to-cars