Pharmacy creatures benefit from a new era of global innovation, and outsourcing is gaining ground at the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
• Recommended logic: the new drug R & D industry is becoming more difficult, forcing pharmaceutical manufacturers to work with R & D outsourcing firms, and the outsourcing industry's focus is shifting to Asia and the Pacific; the market for outsourcing pharmaceutical research and development for Farming Farming has been built up, and research and development capabilities are at the forefront of the world, while companies have a long-term strategic vision and complete the entire industry chain.
The company is a leading industry, with great prospects for development. The company is the first medical outsourcing firm in the country, with the technical capacity to connect with the international giants at its inception, especially in the pre-cro and cdmo fields.
Most of the 52 companies invested in the pharmaceutical industry provide ample space for the future development of the company. The pharmaceutical outsourcing industry has brought about a “optimal configuration revolution” in the pharmaceutical industry.
The pharmaceutical outsourcing industry can help pharmaceutical companies to overcome the development bottlenecks of new drug research and development, which are too costly, and promote social resource re-allocation. More pharmaceutical companies in the future will strengthen their cooperation with pharmaceutical research and development outsourcing firms, with considerable prospects for industry development.
A number of policies have been adopted to promote the development of innovative medicines, and to further promote the development of China’s market for medical research and development outsourcing, leading to a steady growth in corporate ownership and a guaranteed future increase in profits. The company’s pre-cro operations have increased at a compound rate of 25.0% over the past three years, as global pharmaceutical research and development activities are moving towards China and other low-cost sources.
State transfers, so we believe that the income of the plate will continue to grow at a high rate for the next three years. In the United States, the real rate of increase in laboratory income (tools, cellular and gene therapy outsourcing services) declined in 2018, but the annual income growth is expected to accelerate. The company’s cdmo plate has increased at a compound rate of 28.4% in the last three years.
Division orders and production capacity are still on the rise, and we believe that the plate will be expected to increase by more than 30%. $3.48, or 37 times, 29 times and 23 times, respectively.
2. Pharmacy Ming Condé (603259): lead in major business Continued, emerging areas far-reaching (2019-03-24)
Company profile: The world's leading Chinese pharmaceutical unicorn 1.1 The “Hangura Military School” of Chinese medicine is dedicated to improving the efficiency of medical research and development.
As a customer-centred company, the company provides a full range of services to the global pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical equipment companies.
For an integrated technology platform, companies effectively reduce the costs and thresholds of new drug research and development, and realize the dream of “making the world free of impossible drugs, incurable diseases.” Corporate business encompasses small molecular drug development and production, cell and gene therapy development production, clinical testing services, medical instrument testing platforms.
So far, the company has been working on more than 1,000 projects, along with the production or carrying of small fractions of 200 clinical and commercial stages of several well-known drug companies around the world, such as Pfizer, Leilet and Mercado.
The company pursues a strategy of internationalization of talent, with 39% of its employees having a master’s degree or more, including more than 600 scientists with a doctoral degree or more than 10 years of experience in research and development of new medicines abroad, and the largest number of employees and scientists in China’s pharmaceutical research and development services. While creating the miracle of a fast-growing drug, it is also the country’s newest.
In the 19 years of its existence, the Chinese giant, which grew up with the services of foreign new drug research and development services, has grown rapidly to become a global-famous pharmaceutical research and development outsourcing company.
The Division has a leading global open, integrated pharmaceutical research and development service capacity and technology platform, with 26 research and development bases or branches around the globe, with major clients covering the top 20 pharmaceutical companies and new drug research and development institutions worldwide. The company was listed in New York in 2007 and then privatized in 2015 and re-established and returned to a stock market.
The shares held by the four founders at the beginning of the new post were not high, and, with the reduction and dilution, Chairman Lee Ge held only 1.4% of the company’s shares. The four founders, through privatization and management buybacks, joined the external peonts to upgrade the shareholdings to complete the privatization.
Small molecular R & D production is registered in a+h stock market by the parent company. Small molecular drug cdmo is owned by the parent company's owner, the entire pharmaceutical industry, and was listed on the new three boards in 2015 and has now been delisted;
The company stripped the biopharmaceutical cdmo business of creating the drug and achieved ipo in the Hong Kong stock in 2017; other drugs independent of the two listed subjects, such as the company's genetic diagnostic and data platform-related business by \triangleright
The outsourcing industry continues to shift to the Asia-Pacific region, and the firm’s net return profits are growing at a strong rate. Net return profits rose from 460 million yuan to 2.26 billion yuan in 2014-2018, while net non-repatriation profits reached 1.56 billion yuan in 2018.
The net interest rate of the parent is increasing by 84.3% and the net profit of the non-mother is increasing by 59.2%. 1.3 The top team of experts in industry really knows medicine, and companies made by people who know how to manage attract people who know medicine and who know how to manage.
In addition to PhDs, members of other management teams in the company have been in charge of the pharmaceutical industry at the front line or in large international companies. Whether it is to serve pharmaceutical companies, invest in pharmaceutical companies at the front line, or recruit scientists, it requires management's own competence to be recognized by professionals in the industry, and Dr.  600+                                                                           ,
The company's founders, Mr. Li Ge, and Zhao Ning, Liu Xiaojong, Zhang Xiaojun and others, have signed agreements for concerted action.
In addition, Li and Fertileharvest, easternstar, l&c signed an agreement to act together, together with Shanghai's voting rights.
The company’s stockholders include a large number of domestic and foreign firms, and a pool of 42 shareholders before ipo, of whom 17 are foreign shareholders, with the top 10 holding 73.7% of the stock and a drop after ipo to 66.3% of the company’s stockholders.
Poor-quality companies, such as the Shanghai Gold Drug, which holds 5.3 per cent of shares, is a holding subsidiary of the life-sustains insurance, with 1.3 per cent of the life-sustained shares of State-owned corporate shareholders, including the Chinese Life Insurance Group and its subsidiaries.
Industry analysis: Outsourcing of pharmaceutical R & D provides greater R & D efficiency 2.1 Outsourcing of research and development is a product of changes in the pharmaceutical industry
As a result of these characteristics, the pharmaceutical industry is under considerable pressure to outsource research and development services, which help pharmaceutical companies complete all or part of their research and development tasks by entering into research contracts with pharmaceutical companies.
Low R & D costs, more flexible R & D models, and the outsourcing of services have given more efficient medical research and development, which have been addressed above, while, through outsourcing of R & D tasks, pharmaceutical companies have been able to invest more resources in areas that are more self-friendly, such as market development and business expansion, and thus have increased demand for medical R & D outsourcing services, creating a positive cycle.
Outsourcing services for pharmaceutical research and development cover the entire process of developing new medicines. The development of a new drug requires six main components: research on compounds, pre-clinical research, clinical research, drug registration and approval, commercial production, and marketing.
At present, some large pharmaceutical research and development outsourcing companies can even do one-stop service, covering all the links between the entire new drug development and the market.
2.1.1crof: Links between the pharmaceutical industry and the scientific research laboratory cro (contractresearch/organization), i.e., contractual research organization.cro mainly serves the development of new drugs, from the screening of early compounds to clinical trials, and even post-market clinical research.
The entire cro is divided into preclinical and clinical cro sections, depending on where the services are provided.cro precro focuses on the initial “drug discovery” and “preclinical research” components of the drug development process.
1) The "Drug Discovery" component is scientifically exploratory, innovative, incidental, and has a high failure rate. The aim is to identify and determine the active lead compound for a disease.
2) “Preclinical research on drugs” is a critical stage in drug research and development, the main purpose of which is to conduct a series of non-human trials of identified precursor compounds, after which a request for clinical trials is made to the regulatory authorities.
Clinical co-cro is dominated by clinical research services, including clinical i-iv clinical trial technical services, clinical trial data management and statistical analysis, registration declarations and post-market drug safety testing.
Clinical cro is a medical institution with the capacity to conduct clinical trials of drugs (gcp), and downstream is mainly a pharmaceutical enterprise.
At the same time, direct access to national drug review centres has significantly reduced overall research and development time through good communication. As a result, a growing number of pharmaceutical companies are willing to improve research and development efficiency through clinical coro.
The pharmaceutical cmo, an outsourcing service for pharmaceutical production, provides specialized services for pharmaceutical enterprises in the drug production process through contracts, focusing mainly on pharmaceutical process development and drug preparation at the clinical and commercial stages. It includes both clinical and commercial stage drug preparation and process development, involving services such as clinical medicine, intermediate manufacturing, raw material production, formulation production and packaging.
cmo is divided mainly into api (activepharmaticatureredient, raw materials and intermediates) and dp (drugproducts, formulations) by type of service. As the cmo market matures, models such as the development of production outsourcing (cdmo), the production combination (cro+cmo/cdmo) etc. are also derived.
2.2 Outsourcing services contribute to the development of the pharmaceutical industry as a whole. 2.2. Chemical preparations are among the oldest types of pharmaceuticals in the modern pharmaceutical industry. Small-molecular drugs are global in scope.
From sales (about 75% of drug sales), fda’s newly approved entity (74%) or pharmaceutical company’s R & D. We believe that there are four drivers of small molecular drug development and that investment in small molecular drug development is expected to increase continuously: 1) an increase in the application of ai in pharmaceutical research and development (ai technology is suitable for small molecular drug development);
2) Increase in small molecular targets: 3) Advances in screening techniques; 4) Advances in synthetic technology.
The chemical pharmaceutical sector, which is the core business of most pharmaceutical R & D outsourcing companies, continues to have a very wide market, and leading companies in major pharmaceutical R & D outsourcing are also more focused on specific areas, with significant technological advantages and a very high voice: for example, Covance has a leading edge in drug toxicology and chemical testing; and the drug Mind Condt has a clear edge in chemical synthesis.
Visible; charlesriverlab has a strong advantage in non-clinical pharmacology/toxicology trials. 2.2.2 Genes, cytology and cytology are growing faster, demand for capacity will rise significantly. Production processes for genomics and cell therapy have high barriers and demand for development processes.
For example, the treatment requires that the patient's own t-cells be returned to the patient after genetic modification and expansion in isolation conditions, and the special nature of the car-t treatment makes it more difficult to produce than traditional medicines: 1) the product cannot be disinfected and the conditions of infibulation in the production process are high;
(2) The need to produce a separate batch for each patient with a high workload; 3) the high demand for speed of production; 4) the high randomity of demand and the high demand for supply chain management capacity.
The challenges of other cell therapy, such as stem cell therapy, are basically the same as those of car-t therapy. Moreover, because cellular and gene therapy are more likely to create inter-batch differences, which may lead to instability of treatment effects, there is a stronger demand for process optimization in early clinical trials.
The number of clinical trials for cell and gene therapy is increasing at an accelerated rate, with new trials increasing by nearly 30% each year. According to journalofgenemedicine, the number of clinical trials for cell and gene therapy has increased rapidly with the rapid technological advances of recent years (ips, crispr, car-t, etc.).
The number of clinical trials for cell and gene therapy that have been completed and are currently under way is close to 2,600. Given the volume of work and the lack of automation of cell and gene therapy, we judge that, as more trials move into the post-clinical and commercial stages over the next three to five years, there may be a significant gap in the capacity of cell and gene therapy companies, and the demand for cdmo is expected to rise significantly.
According to Meti, the sales of cellular and gene therapy are expected to reach $10 billion in 2020. Based on the price of the already marketed car-t products, we assume that the cost of production and testing of cell therapy is around 25% of the sales, assuming that 30% of the production is done by the cmo enterprise, and the market size of the commercial product is $750 million.
Each year, the number of new cases in clinical trials is around 10,000, calculated at a cost of $100,000 per person, and assumes that 50% of the cell and gene therapy products used in clinical trials are supplied by outsourced companies, with a market size of $500 million for the cmo phase of clinical trials. So we assume that the market size for cell and gene therapy in 2020 is about $1.25 billion.
Figure 15: Cell and gene therapy methods and representation of company 2.3 outsourced services with a short history, but with rapid growth 2.3.1 Global outsourcing of services originated in the 1970s, with more than $100 billion worldwide in cro+cmo
The early cro companies, in the form of independent or private research institutions, were able to provide only limited drug analysis services to pharmaceutical companies. The 1980’s began with a parallel process of drug research and development as the U.S. fda’s drug management laws improved.
More complex, more and more pharmaceutical companies are transferring this part of their work to the cro industry, and since the 1990s, large multinational pharmaceutical companies have accelerated their globalization strategy, investing in and integrating overseas R & D institutions into the global R & D system, expanding the global market, with rising costs and time costs.
The colossal pressure, in order to better ease the pressure on pharmaceutical companies to develop their research and development, has led to a fast-track development. The cmo concept has been proposed almost simultaneously with the coro, but the role played by the early cmo is largely complementary to the capacity of pharmaceutical companies and is relatively marginal in the industry.
And after the 1980’s, with new drug research and development facing high costs, long cycles, and high risks, regulatory requirements for safety of production and environmental protection have become more stringent. The overall operating costs of pharmaceutical companies have risen rapidly, forcing a significant number of older pharmaceutical companies to abandon their original production patterns and move to work with the cmo industry.
As the outsourcing industry matures, the link between cmo and cro becomes ever closer. With the rapid growth of the cro industry, the demand for medical outsourcing markets naturally extends to back-end production platforms.
Medical research and development outsourcing is expanding and increasing at a steady rate. As the maturity of the industry increases, the rate of growth of the entire outsourcing industry slows down. But, according to data from businessinsights, the cro market reached $43.1 billion in 2017 and remained at around 10% per year for the past five years.
The cmo market is becoming more closely connected, and the increase in the size of the cmo market will be guaranteed. It can be expected that the cro and cmo markets will continue to grow at a rate of about 10% per year over the next few years.
Figure 17: Market size of cmo 2.3.2 Medical R & D outsourcing services are growing rapidly in the country
Pharmaservices has invested in China’s first real crón company, mainly clinical research and development services that provide new medicines to firms. In 1997, Quintai, the world’s largest cro enterprise, officially entered the Chinese market, followed by the establishment of transnational crón firms in China, such as Corvins and Kendel.
In December of that year, he joined three other partners in the creation of the drug Myung Conde. The establishment of the pharmaceutical research and development outsourcing industry marked the beginning of the country.
During these years, several of his leading companies, such as Tag medicine, Bozi medicine, Shanhua medicine, allied medicine, etc., have also been established. During the period under review, the country’s pharmaceutical research and development outsourcing industry has developed rapidly, with major pharmaceutical research and development outsourcing firms in place.
Following the successful introduction of Pharmacy Condé in 2007 in the United States, Chinese medicine in 2010 also became available in the United States, opening a new chapter in the listing of our pharmaceutical research and development outsourcing firms. After 2010, our medical research and development outsourcing market has also begun to align itself with the international market of matures.
The cmo area is represented by the whole drug industry, and the big firms are ploughing deep into their respective cut-off areas and creating some technical barriers.
Following the subversive reform of the country ' s pharmaceutical policy in the post-2015 period, the National Drug Control and Monitoring Service and the Commission have introduced a series of policy regulations, which can be grouped into three main categories: pharmaceutical policy, drug review approval and evaluation of generics; and, in particular, support for innovative medicines, including priority reviews, simplified approval procedures, and rapid access.
The introduction of policies such as health insurance will speed up the marketing of innovative medicines in the country, so that they can reach more patients as soon as possible. This is both an opportunity and a challenge for domestic pharmaceutical companies to move towards a more mature and better division of labour in our pharmaceutical industry.
2.4 There is a growing domestic market for new drug research and development, policy-driven industry development, and 2.4.1 market size demand is still absent from the ceiling. Research and development costs are rising to drive pharmaceutical companies to shift to coro.
New businesses are opening up, and medical advances are making pharmaceuticals more difficult. According to the Tufts survey, the success rate at the beginning of the century was only half as high as in the 1980s and 1990s. The decline in success rates for new medicines has led to a doubling of research and development costs for businesses.
The boom in patent drugs, like the impact of the pharmaceutical market, will benefit the cmo industry. As a result of the concentration of new drugs at the end of the last century, a large number of medicines will face a “proprietary cliff” after entering the twenty-first century.
Statistics show that, over the past decade, on average, 4% of patented medicines have been affected every year. These original medicines have expired, with a massive influx of generic medicines, which has put enormous price pressure on the original patented drugs.
The cmo industry, for its part, can effectively address the high production costs of pharmaceutical companies, and there will be a growing number of original medicines in the future.
In recent years, with China’s growing strength, the country’s national living standards have attracted more and more expatriates to return home. Meanwhile, our master’s degree has been growing at about 3% per year, after two major expansions.
The human resource structure is changing. This accelerates the transformation of our industry from a labour-intensive to a capital-intensive technology-intensive one that is typically represented by the rapid rise of the pharmaceutical outsourcing industry.
When a large number of high-end people enter society, a demographic dividend is created by the country’s technology-intensive industries. The cost advantages that the crón, a typical capital-intensive industry, has shown in the country are also evident, with the Shanghai Centre for Medical Research generally costing only 30-60% of the country’s cro test costs in advanced countries such as Europe and the United States.
Domestic markets are maturing, and the horsepower of leading firms is emerging. The top 10 of the world’s cro market shares are now European and American, and they account for almost half of the market. This is because international pharmaceutical outsourcing giants continue to improve their business and competitiveness through mergers and acquisitions.
Compared to the market pattern in Europe and the United States, the current concentration in the pharmaceutical outsourcing industry is much lower. According to the magic, 65% of the total number of cro enterprises in the country, most of which are homogenous and competitive. The market share of the top 10 cro firms in the country is only 40%, while the drug’s share of the drug’s condolence is only 40%.
Similar to mature medicine outsourcing abroad, the country’s coro enterprises have built up their capabilities by buying and buying other companies. It can be expected that, in the coming years, large domestic pharmaceutical outsourcers will be able to expand their capacity to become internationally competitive giants.
Unlike the trend towards increasing concentration in the cro market, the cmo market is becoming more decentralized. Because of the longer chain of new drug research and development industries and more outsourcing, mature cmo firms, both within and outside the country, are generally subject to industry experience, technology and regulatory constraints, tend to focus on partial outsourcing and core business areas, relying on certain industry barriers, past.
The Asia-Pacific region is clearly ahead of Europe and America. While the pharmaceutical outsourcing industry originates in Europe and America, it is more recent.
Major factors that constrain the development of the pharmaceutical R&D outsourcing industry in Europe and the US include the rise in human capital and the heat of intra-industry competition. But the slow growth of the R&D outsourcing market has led to unmet demand from downstream pharmaceutical producers, and they have turned their eyes to Asian markets for pharmaceutical R&D outsourcing.
The rapid development of local pools of talent in Asia, particularly in China and India, and the market for outsourcing medicine research and development are at a rapid stage of development, with lower costs and competitive supply advantages for outsourcing firms in Europe and the United States. That is why, for example, in Asia, the increase in the outsourcing of medicines is far greater than in Europe and the United States.
In the Asian context, R & D outsourcing firms in the Asian region will further encroach on the markets of the international giants, and future R & D outsourcing firms will probably be born in the Asian region.
On October 27, 2018, the country issued a one-year extension of its pilot project. In 2018, the China Drug Review Centre (Cde) received 7336 applications for various types of medicines, an increase of 51.7% over the corresponding 4837 in 2017.
The introduction of a “bundled” management model, which combines listing and production licences, has led our cdmo companies to focus on the domestic drug industry, which can only provide technical development and clinical services, making it difficult to use the huge demand for pharmaceuticals in the domestic market. In the case of pharmaceutical listings, listings and production can be separated from each other.
The introduction of the mah policy has given a significant boost to the innovation of pharmaceutical enterprises and changed the management model of “bundling” of pharmaceutical listings and production permits. In the pilot provinces, pharmaceutical enterprises, scientific institutions, and researchers have given rise to a new dynamic in drug research and development.
Cdmo, as a professional outsourcer of pharmaceutical production, can provide services only in the production chain under the mah system, without the need for a license for its own medicines. The country’s cdmo enterprise has since been able to provide specialized services to pharmaceutical companies, to fully enjoy domestic demand for pharmaceutical products.
Inputs, long-term cycles, and uncertainty about returns, mostly based on the production of generics, have a weak awareness of research and development and innovative capabilities, leading to the fact that pharmaceutical companies in the country, despite their huge output, have little access to primary drugs that have been developed autonomously. This has been broken in recent years. Over a decade, the original drugs have gradually evolved from small to large trends in the country.
In 2017, China formally joined Ich, and in the same year launched the Opinion on Deepening the Review and Approval System Reform to Encourage Innovation in Medico Medico Devices. The Opinion promotes the development of the health of the entire new drug industry and generics, mainly from the standpoint of intellectual property rights, patent links, patent period compensation, and data protection.
In this context, there has also been a significant increase in R & D investment by our pharmaceutical companies, but there is still a significant gap with the pharmaceutical giants abroad. It can be seen that the average r&d input intensity of the top 10 companies in our pharmaceutical listing is only 9.4%, while the top 10 companies in the world have received 21.96%.
There is still much room for scaling up both in absolute terms and in terms of cost relative to international pharmaceutical companies.
The company currently has 36 domestic holding companies, 29 offshore holding companies, two branches and six participating companies, and has completed a strategic layout covering the entire industrial chain of new drug research and development.
In addition to the main business, companies are now focusing more on investment activities as a means of completing further industry layouts and reaping returns. wuxi
One of the more successful companies, pharmatechhealthcarefundil.p., has generated significant investment returns for the company. Table 3: Performance of major controlling affiliates in 2018 (millions of dollars) Looking at the entire pharmaceutical outsourcing industry, it is difficult for even the foreign giants to achieve business capability to cover the entire chain.
Coverage of the entire development of the new drug has now been achieved, and in addition to the pre-cro and cdmo pre-clinical leadership, the company has filled this gap through the merger of some of the more strong clinical cro firms, while combining its own efforts.
3.2 Main business at the High City Deep Pool. 3.2.1 There are four core business sections.
Operations (cmo/cdmo), where contracted R & D services (cro) include Chinese district laboratory services, US district laboratory services, clinical research and other cro services, and development and production of small molecules ' new medicine. Chinese district laboratory services: Chinese district laboratory services are mainly provided to clients from the United States, Europe and Asia-Pacific region
Services. This is the company's largest operating block, with more than 10,000 R & D. In 2018, the plate contributed more than 5 billion dollars in revenue. After the effect of exchange rate factors, the average annual growth rate for the last three years was 25%. In 2018, the company completed the dna coding library (del), which had already reached 80 billion molecules by the end of the year.
The cost of sifting new compounds provides a great deal of convenience to clients, allowing more entrepreneurs and even university professors to direct U.S. district laboratory services: US district laboratory services are concentrated on cdmo of gene cell therapy.
\triangleright \triangleright Medical Device Testing
U.S. District Laboratories have generally maintained an overall 24.0% growth in 2018. Of this, the revenue from medical equipment testing in 2018 was about 15% lower than in 2017, mainly because of the loss of customers due to merger and repurchase, and the lack of attention given to the business by U.S. district management.
The demand, and the company's change of management this year, can be expected to generate significant revenues for the next five years. In the first half of 2018, two clients of gene cell therapy failed in the second clinical phase, leading to only 7.5% growth in the first half of last year, but the rate of growth in the second half of the year rose rapidly to around 28%.
Clinical research and other cro operations: This is the fastest-growing business of the company and, although relatively small, has grown by 68.1 per cent over the past three years, and the company completed a merger with a small cro firm in Texas, United States, at the end of 2018, and is now integrated into a clinical business section of the company to help Chinese clients conduct global clinical research.
The company has the largest smo team in the country, with 1,800 clinical coordinators by the end of 2018, and is expected to reach 2,500 by 2019. The company currently has 760 of the 850 or so hospitals in the country where clinical research is available.
Clinical bases have been set up with 90% coverage. cdmo/cmo: this plate operates mainly in China and the United States. Most of the business comes from China, where cdmo services have a very rich pipeline, and the company cdmo/cmo services in 2018 have a new drug component.
Excluding the effect of the exchange rate, the compound annual growth rate for the past three years averaged 29.6%, and in 2018, the company ' s Changzhou plant passed a field audit of the fda, and the gold mountain factory again passed a field inspection of the fda. These are examples of companies ' ability to improve their productivity while maintaining high-quality standards, which is why the company ' s cdmo customers are doing this.
Groups have been growing steadily. And by adjusting its business strategy, the company ' s pre-cro operation will provide a flow of guidance to the cdmo business, and synergies will become more pronounced. 3.2.2 Disaggregate by geographical area of operations: the United States contributes more than half of its income, and China is growing fastest.
In 2017 and 2018, respectively, the compound growth rate reached 43.8%, well above the increase in sales in the United States region, and shows a trend toward annual increases. By contrast, it is clear from the change in the growth rate of sales that US and European operations are moving gradually to the Chinese region.
The region fluctuated considerably because of its small base, accounting for less than 5% of the company ' s total sales income. The company ' s Māori ratio remained stable, with an emerging advantage in scale. The company ' s Māori ratio has been around 40% for the last three years, and in 2019 q1 continued to be at 38.1% net profit rate, rising from 18.3% in 2016 to 2018.
24.3%, and the net profit rate of 14.9% for q1 in 2019 was also higher than the 14.2% for the same period last year, largely as a result of corporate collusive cost control and increased investment returns. We expect that in the coming years, as the centre of the outsourcing industry moves to the Asian region, and the domestic market for innovative medicines rises.
The cost advantage of the scale effect will continue to grow, with an early deployment of industry chain operations expected to work, and companies expected to increase their future gross profit rates. The company’s three rates have been declining steadily in recent years.
16.8 per cent fell to 11.8 per cent in 2018, mainly because accounting standards were changed in 2018 and deducted slightly from the same period in 2018. In terms of financial cost rates, the company ' s rapid growth in size in recent years was accompanied by a number of financings in other industries. This also led to a peak in 2017.
But with the completion of the company’s layout, the financial cost rate has declined significantly in 2018, and the first quarter of 2019 has maintained a downward trend, which is 29.5% lower than in the same period last year. As a result of the company’s long-standing presence in the business, the customer retention rate has been much higher than that of other firms, and therefore the company’s sales cost rate has remained stable.
3.4 The company's outward investment strategy, “Exterrent M & As”, strengthens its operations by actively laying out the front lines of medicine. From the 22 open investment letters that can be collected, the company acquired one clinical coro business from China and the United States.
Internal and external clients have a clinical trial service capacity for both American and American innovation drugs, and strategically continue to strengthen their competitiveness in the cro industry chain through extended M&As. Firms have long been in the field of innovation medicine research and development in the outsourcing of pharmaceutical research and development, with a deep understanding of the trends in medicine according to the cutting edges of the industry and industry, leading international perspectives.
In the current context of the world of medicine, where more and more breakthroughs are taking place, it is expected that industrial synergies and higher returns on investment can be brought about through precision investment.
Innovative pharmaceutical companies are a key investment target, promising to become a back-up for downstream operations. Companies continue to work to create a global-led open drug research and development and production service platform that empowers more global clients to build an ecosystem in the field of pharmaceutical health.
Continuing services to start-ups, start-ups, and virtual pharmaceutical companies can increase business stickyness and generate stable benefits for public-sector outsourcing. Innovative pharmaceutical firms in various frontier areas, with the services provided by professional research and development platforms, are expected to generate a heavy load of drugs, and the “services for equity” strategy adopted by companies can provide for future companies to move into downstream pharmaceutical industries.
By 2018, companies had invested up to 52 businesses, containing three major plates: innovative biotechnology, artificial intelligence, and transformative technology. For example: unitybiotechnology, a biotechnology company designed to develop long-term healthy therapy by delaying, suspending or reversing old-age-related diseases: insilicomedicine specializes in the use of artificial intelligence technology and genomics,
Research and development on new drugs, including in the area of big data analysis and in-depth learning, and on the development and reuse of drugs for ageing and age-related diseases; twistbiosciencecorpation, a company that develops ad hoc, semiconductor-based synthetic dna manufacturing processes, equipped with high-volume silicon flats, can reduce the chemical substances required to synthesize dna.
China’s pharmaceutical research and development industry, supported by national policies, has grown rapidly, leading directly to the development of the crón and cmo industries. There is still much room for development in the world’s crócro industry, and global pharmaceutical research and development activities are directed towards China and others, such as the Chinese pharmaceutical industry’s leading industry, with major clients covering the top 20 countries in the world.
Large pharmaceutical companies and various new drug research and development institutions have a good reputation. The company’s ability to develop medicine is increasing and expanding. Assuming that the company has the advantage of size, it can mobilize global resources to achieve a higher average increase than the industry.
Other companies of the same type. At the same time, companies are preparing to carry out consistent evaluation tests and drug safety assessments.
The Māori ratio for the entire pharmaceutical industry will increase further, with expansion, more mature production process research, and its operations extending to new, higher-value-added formulation areas. The average valuation is 48.4 times as high as 2019, taking into account the valuation of comparable companies in the pharmaceutical outsourcing industry.
The risk that laboratory equipment testing services in the United States will still fall short of expectations; the risk that cmo will have overcapacity in new piped production; the risk of exchange rate fluctuations: the risk that the outsourced services industry will increase at an accelerated or less than expected rate; and that Noro will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.