The Medical Health Research Centre has maintained high performance, integration, end-to-end grant platform prices.
The growth momentum in company-owned operations has been strong, and revenue growth has increased on a quarterly basis, with a q1-q4 quarter income gain of 21/19 per cent/25/29 per cent. The significant increase in net corporate return profits during the period is mainly due to a more robust growth in fair value tender (606 million yuan, major) while company-owned operations have remained robust.
“Cro/cdmo International Lead, Integrated Pharmaceuticals from unitybiotechnology and Humedicine.” Net profits of shareholders of listed companies adjusted for noon-ifrs increased by 23.3 per cent to 1,742 million yuan, largely in line with the rate of income growth.
Co-development of the company's business portfolios: a 24 per cent to 5113 million yuan increase in laboratory revenues in the Chinese region, and the results of the outreach of the “Long-end” clients are now evident at the same time as the rate of penetration increases; 2cdmo/cmo service revenues increased by 28 per cent to 2,699 million yuan, the company worked closely with its clients, and multiple projects were clinically close.
Phases are moving forward, moving towards later clinical stages and commercialization; 3 US District Laboratories revenue increased by 6 to 1,204 million dollars, company cell and gene therapy product revenues increased rapidly, medical devices, detection services decreased as a result of the merger of some clients, etc.; 4 clinical research and others
Cro services grew by 64% to 585 million yuan, the company’s clinical research service quality, size and capacity increased significantly, the number of clients and orders grew rapidly. Global industrial shifts combined with the rise of Chinese pharmaceutical innovation, and domestic R & D outsourcing services will remain high for the long term.
The synergies of the “integrated, end-to-end” platform are growing as few of the same industries develop new drugs with high-quality, efficient service delivery services in their entire industry chain. In the future, clients will develop their research and development projects.
The new demands will also be rapidly scaled up, and companies will grow more securely. Wang Jianxing, risk release, loss of core technicians, regulatory risk, ip protection risk, offshore investment winds.
In recent days, the drug Myung Conde has published its 2018 annual report on operating income/mother's net profit/deduction net profit of $9.614 billion/$2,261 million/$1559 million, an increase of 23.80 per cent per year, respectively.
In 2018, the company maintained a high growth rate in its main business and increased its income at a quarterly rate. In 2018, the company maintained a high annual growth rate. During the reporting period, the company achieved income from its main business of RMB 1 billion, an increase of 84.22 per cent over the same period; and realized the deduction of non-recurrent gains and losses attributable to the shareholders of listed companies.
▪ Strong growth momentum in the company ' s main business, with revenue growth of q1-q4 rising on a quarterly basis, generating revenue of 2,142 million yuan, 2267 million yuan, 2,512 million yuan, 2693 million yuan, compared to 21 per cent in the current period.
At the same time, the fair value of the bids increased considerably (616 million yuan, mainly from unity biotechnology and Humedicine).
2. The company’s four major business blocks have developed in tandem and rapidly, through its 27 operating bases and branches around the world, and around 14,000 scientists, and the company’s research workers have been able to make the most of their work.
New drug research and development services are provided to more than 3,500 clients in more than 30 countries and regions around the world, including globally renowned multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotech companies, and a large number of small start-up companies, virtual companies and even individual scholars.
▪ The company’s main business can be divided into four sections, namely, laboratory services in the China district, cdmo/cmo services, US District physical laboratory services, clinical research and other cro services, which cut through the entire industry chain of drug discovery, pre-clinical development, clinical research and commercial production.
With a platform to keep the industry at the forefront, new knowledge and new technologies are being used to help clients move new drugs from the concept to the reality, and the business blocks are rapidly developing together. Laboratory services in China’s region: revenues increased by 24.09% to $5,513 million.
The laboratory services include, inter alia, small molecular drug discovery services and drug analysis and testing services. The company’s horizontal R & D advantages are clear, providing comprehensive, customized, high-quality and efficient R & D services to its clients, and stock client penetration and the number of new clients are increasing.
End-of-life strategies, new clients, especially long-tail clients, are fast-growing. Long-tail clients, mainly those involved in new drug research and development, such as start-up companies, virtual companies, individual entrepreneurs. Globally, they have gradually become an important driver of pharmaceutical innovation, according to pharmaprojects.
The proportion of new drugs developed by small and medium-sized companies (with 1-2 new drugs in the pipeline)
The drug Ming Condé is well-placed, well-operated and powerful in small molecular drug discovery. The current market share is the second largest in the world and the largest in China, and companies have always insisted on forward-looking research and layout in new drug research and development fields, on the active development of new technologies, on new methods, and on sustaining the industry.
The company is a global leader. In forward looking forward to the drug discovery service, the company has created a large reservoir of dna coded compounds with more than 80 billion molecules, significantly increasing the efficiency of new drug research and development and effectively reducing costs.
Discovery and synthesis services, including targeting validation, emergence of active compounds to lead compounds, optimization of precursor compounds to pre-clinical candidate detection and synthesis services.
For domestic clients, companies also provide integrated new drug discovery and research and development services, and such projects, in addition to service charges, will receive a milestone or market share of sales once the project has been successfully developed.
Since the present and development services, the ddsu operation has developed rapidly, and by the end of 2018, the project ' s cta clinical trial batch, of which a total of 27 projects had completed the ind declaration exercise in 2018 and 17 projects had been acquired.
The company ' s drug analysis and testing services include drug-degeneratives and toxicology services, bioanalytical clothing and testing services, etc., which provide an overview of the ind declarations in China, the United States and other locations through the Ufda, oecdglp, cnas, etc. through authoritatively certified analytical laboratories in Shanghai and Suzhou.
Sub-services. The company ' s drug safety evaluation centre expansion project in Suzhou has begun and, as the production capacity is gradually down, the company ' s drug analysis and testing service operations will soon be able to deliver cdmo/cmo services: an income increase of $28.00 to $2,699 million.
The drug ' s cdmo/cmo service business is carried out mainly through a holding subsidiary in a full-scale pharmaceutical industry, covering the entire process from pre-clinical research and development to commercial production, including clinical medicine, intermediate production, raw material pharmaceutical manufacturing, formulation production, related process development, formulation development and custom manufacturing.
The company continues to pursue the “followthemolecule” strategy by building close cooperation with clients at the pre-clinical stage (China District Laboratory Service), gaining access to new clinical items on a continuous basis, and as early clinical projects move forward, the company's clinical post-clinic and commercialization projects are moving forward.
The steady growth of the population has been effective in ensuring a sustained and stable high growth of cdmo/cmo. In 2018, the company ' s cdmo/cmo service programme involved more than 650 new drug molecules, including one (Gonowey, the new hepatitis C drug, and Eyot, the new carcinogen for yellow colon cancer).
It is also building up and improving the cdmo/cmo service capacity for oligonaic acid and polythyroids, which will start research and development in 2019, as well as the development of commercial production capacity.
US District Laboratory Services: Revenues increased by 6.10% to $1,204 million on a year-on-year basis. US District Laboratory Services include mainly cell and gene therapy cdmo/cmo services, medical device testing services.
There has been a marked improvement in the performance of detection services in the first half of the year. As the Cdmo/cmo service programme for cell and gene therapy progresses and the use of new production capacity increases, revenue in this area will increase significantly and the Māori rate will increase; it will benefit from new clients and the new EU mdr policy.
The company’s medical equipment testing service will also grow and the Maori rate will increase steadily. The company’s cell and gene therapy services, cdmo/cmo, mainly through a highly integrated production base in Central America and the United States, provide research and development and production services for gmp cell therapy.
The development and production of cytotherapy products and vectors of genetic engineering, including process development, testing and cgmp production of related products, are among the new businesses being developed by companies, which are currently in the process of capacity-building and capacity-building, and new capacities in Philadelphia, the United States, are being used.
The number of projects increased steadily in the second half of 2018, with income increasing by 28.41 per cent on a year-on-year basis, compared to the first half of the clinical phase of the cellular and gene therapy project, which provides cdmo services and will increase significantly in the future as the company ' s services move into the commercialization phase.
The company’s medical equipment services cut across the entire industry chain of medical equipment development and production, including pre-clinical safety counselling services, medical design to commercialization testing services, medical equipment cgmp production services, etc.
In 2018, as a result of the acquisition of a major strategic client, the outsourcing strategy was changed. In the second half of the year, the company actively promoted the development of medical equipment services through business integration and sales enhancement.
In May, the European Union entered into force a regulation on medical devices (regulation (eu) 2017/745. mdr), substantially raising the standard standards and limits for the certification of medical devices, and companies are expected to make a breakthrough in 2019.
Bed research and other cro services include clinical trial services cds and on-site management services smo.The quality, size and capacity of the company ' s clinical coro and smo services increased significantly in 2018, and the number of clients and orders grew rapidly through competition for differentiation.
The company ' s clinical trial services include clinical trial programme design, project management, i-iv prolapse test monitoring and management, result research and medical instrumentation clinical trial services, embedded outsourcing and clinical informatics; and smo services include project management and clinical on-site management services.
Team-building, scale of service and capacity-building rapidly increased: corporate clinical research expanded rapidly in 2018, with teams from cds with over 750 professional clinical trial teams covering 60 major cities around the world; smo team with over 1,800 clinical coordinators distributed
More than 760 hospitals in more than 110 cities throughout the country; the standard quality management standards for drug clinical trials certified by the Chengdu Clinical Trial Centre, with 117 beds, have effectively strengthened the early clinical research capacity of the company; and, to enhance clinical trial services in the Middle East for innovative drugs
Capability, the company is actively expanding its overseas clinical co-operation, and in July 2018, acquired a clinical co-corporated wuxiclinicdevelopment in Texas, United States, to further expand clinical trial services in the United States.
At the project implementation level, since the July 2015 clinical pilot project was verified, 20 projects have been successfully examined by companies and 18 new medicines have been approved.
The company’s clinical research services are currently in a fast, long-term state, with greater scope for growth. They benefit from the company’s platforming, integrated new drug research and development service system, which has a significant potential customer resource (the company’s drug discovery business has the second largest global city in 2018).
In the future, clinical research services will continue to grow rapidly as the client conversion rate within the company rises. 3. Global industry shifts and the rise of Chinese pharmaceutical innovation, leading to the growth of China’s pharmaceutical research and development outsourcing service industry.
As a result of global industrial shifts and the rise of Chinese pharmaceutical innovation (traditional pharmaceutical business transformation + the rise of the emerging biotech division), the domestic R & D outsourcing services sector is expected to experience a long-term high-growth cycle and the industry is expected to maintain a sustained high growth of more than 20 per cent.
With steady growth in global pharmaceutical R & D inputs and rising penetration of outsourcing, the future global R & D industry is expected to continue to grow at a faster rate of around 10 per cent: the number of drugs in research is growing rapidly globally, there is a steady increase in pharmaceutical R & D inputs, and the global medical research and development projected for 2021 by evaluatepharma
The R & D outsourcing service provider can help clients to accelerate project progress, manage risks, optimize resources, and reduce productivity through high-quality and efficient R & D production services. As the cost of new drug research and development increases and success rates decrease, it is becoming increasingly large and medium-sized.
Model pharmaceutical companies tend to choose professional R & D outsourcing service providers to undertake new drug R & D to improve efficiency and reduce costs, while the global proliferation of small biotech companies has gradually become an important new driver of pharmaceutical innovation, and these small pharmaceutical companies do not have enough time or capital to build R & D and live.
Production facilities and increased choice of R & D outsourcing services have led to increasing penetration of global pharmaceutical research and development outsourcing, global industrial shifts, a steady increase in China ' s global city share, and large inflows of overseas orders: the current global R & D outsourcing capacity is concentrated in developed regions and countries, such as Europe and the United States, where production is made possible.
This is relatively high, and at the same time the expansion of new production capacity is constrained by regulations, environmental protection, etc., while China, with its full comparative advantage, has become a major destination for industrial transfers in recent years, and the R & D outsourcing services sector has developed rapidly. China’s comparative advantage in the area of medical research and development outsourcing services is concentrated in human costs.
(Engineers dividend), labour efficiency, chemical infrastructure and infrastructure development, technical skills, quality management systems, intellectual property protection systems, patient numbers, policies, etc. Traditional pharmaceutical companies have been transformed, domestic research and development investments in medicine have continued to grow, and penetration rates are increasing.
The scale pharmaceutical industry has less than 2% of its investment in research and development, while traditional pharmaceutical companies are facing a transformation and the intensity of their investment in research and development is expected to increase rapidly. At the same time, owing to a weak research and development base for new medicines in some firms, there is a strong desire for external cooperation, and there is a tendency to outsource research and development of new medicines, sometimes using one-stop-out models and outsourcing.
At the financing end, the total financing of domestic biotech has continued to grow in recent years, and the average financing cycle of general biotech is 2-3 years, which we consider to be one of the a priori indicators of the overall R & D investment of the biotech enterprise.
Biotech's R & D investment returns are above 15% and are competitive in the overall industry comparison. Biotech's total financing was still very low in the year, and this share will rise significantly in the future as China's medical innovation progresses.
At the same time, the biotech group of enterprises, especially the virtual drug company under the Vic cooperation model, is based on light assets, a focus on R & D efficiency, and a natural preference for outsourcing, with a ratio of outsourcing far higher than that of large-scale pharmaceutical companies. The recent launch of the science panel has broadened domestic financing for biotech, while the other side has expanded access to finance.
It will also stimulate risk investment in the primary market, and we expect that the total domestic financing of biotech will continue to increase the penetration rate of R & D outsourcing in the future. Figure 25: Size of Chinese biotech Enterprise Finance/Biotech/billion yuan
As an enabling platform for the development of new and open medicines in the scarce whole-of-the-industry chain, it will benefit fully from the rapid development of the domestic market for outsourcing services.
The value of the “integrated, end-to-end” platform during the fast-growing gold phase of domestic research and development of outsourcing markets is highlighted by the continuous increase in internal client conversion rates and the growing synergy of business portfolios: in the future, as client research and development projects continue to evolve, the client community will become more effective.
China’s regional laboratory services: the company continues to be a global leader in drug discovery, with projects in progress in the sea. Based on the current size of the company’s ddsu team, we expect companies to be able to do so every year.
The completion of 20-30 ddsu projects will continue to increase related milestones and sales-sharing revenues as the project continues to move forward; as the company ' s capacity in Suzhou moves to the ground, the company ' s drug analysis and testing service ceiling will be opened further and the performance rate is expected to increase further.
cdmo/cmo services: The company has a large reserve of early projects in the Chinese district laboratory service plate, with great potential for a back-end shift. In the future, as the company follows the molecular strategy and strengthens the internal client conversion rate strategy, the company’s cdmo/cmo business will be gaining new and continuous access.
Bed and commercial projects, with high stability and sustainability of operations. In 2018, the Department ' s clinical phase III and commercialization projects accounted for only 8% of the total cdmo/cmo block project, with the continued development of pre-clinical and clinical projects, the company cdmo/cmo industry.
The business structure of the plate will evolve as a whole towards the post-clinical and commercial stages, with a significant scale effect, and demand for the product in question will respond to an outbreak of growth that will bring great elasticity in performance. US District Laboratory Services: Cells and Genetic Treatment cdmo plates will evolve over the next 2-3 years.
During the harvest period, several projects are expected to be approved, the related products are growing rapidly and, as the productivity and utilization rate of the new capacity rises, the business Māori rate will also grow steadily; and the company ' s medical equipment testing services will grow again, benefiting from the new client outreach, the new EU policy on medical devices.
Clinical research and other co-services: The company has a wealth of potential customer resources and will continue to grow at a high rate in the future as the business team concerned with the division expands rapidly and the internal client conversion rate continues to increase.
There is a degree of sustainability in the returns from investment operations: while providing quality and efficient new drug research and development services as a one-stop, integrated, end-to-end new drug research and development enabling platform, Mingconde is also actively investing in new drug research and development front-line firms in a variety of ways to build new drug research and development ecosystems and “win-win”
These investments have given me the opportunity to grow with long-tailed clients and extended platform capabilities, sharing some of the growth dividends of new drug research and development front companies. In 2018, the company had a cumulative rise in fair value of 616 million dollars in investment targets, the main one.
From unity and humanicine, as of 31 December 2018, the company had invested in 52 projects (fair value $2.1 billion). As the company ' s investment target continues to grow, future corporate investment-type returns will be sustainable.
With the global shift in the new drug research and development industry and the rise of Chinese pharmaceutical innovation, Chinese pharmaceutical research and development, outsourcing services will remain high for the long term, and industry growth is expected to be more than 20%.
An open new drug research and development service platform, “integrated, end-to-end” platform synergies are increasing: in the future, as client research and development projects move forward, the new demand from clients will be scaled up rapidly, and 20 small shareholders, including moonlightlimited, hold first-sale limited shares in total equity.
Risk of loss of core technical staff: The pharmaceutical R & D outsourcing service industry is a technology-intensive industry, and the loss of core technical staff is an important determinant of a company’s productive capacity. The loss of core technical staff may have an impact on the profitability of the company.
Regulatory risk: Global clients of medical research and development outsourcing services, regulated by multiple regions and countries, regulatory policy is somewhat uncertain, and companies that fail to comply with existing regulations and industry standards, are slow to respond to adverse policy changes, or do not obtain/update specific licences and licences, may be public
The Division’s reputation and operations, financial position, business performance and prospects are adversely affected.ip Protection Risks: In the development of new medicines, intellectual property protection is important for clients and pharmaceutical research and development outsourcing enterprises, and leaks of ip can pose reputational risks to companies and affect their profitability.
Overseas Investment Risks: In October 2018, the United States Department of the Treasury implemented part of the 2018 Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act (Firrma), which empowers the United States Foreign Investment Commission (Cfius) to review non-controlled overseas investments in 27 industries, including the health-care industry.
Minkand has invested in a number of different countries and regions, and such investments may be subject to exchange rate fluctuations in a particular country or region: about 75% of the income of Mingkande comes from overseas customers and is denominated in United States dollars. At the same time, its cost base is denominated mainly in renminbi.
The risk of increasing prices of raw materials: some of the company’s productive operations rely on upstream basic chemical raw materials, which may affect the company’s profitability to some extent. Safe production and environmental risks: company operations involve research and development and production of a variety of chemicals, solid waste.
And the sound disposal of biological waste, safe production and environmental protection are essential to the company’s day-to-day operations.