Medical flagship research series:
Pharmacies, success factors and capital operations inform and advise similar enterprises.1 Broadly documented report on early screening for heliological intestine cancer: Business profiling: full-scale, integrated drug research and development outsourcing services.
Exact+sciences, intestinal cancer early-siftering concubines The drug Minconde business section can be divided into three main components: (1) cro operations: the drug Mind core business, the plate; steady income growth; (2) cmo/cdmo operations: full-scale pharmaceutical support to construct the small analytical drug cmo production chain;
Powerful rise and success: (3) Biopharmaceutical +cmo/cdmo: whole industry chain of biocovering; (4) medical devices, wide evidence Helium drug giant bms:
Analysis of success factors: three main factors contributing to the cure Ming Conde, 1. Demand: high industry climate, new opportunities created by market growth + policy support.
In-depth analysis High scale growth, demand, policy support, upgrading of technical talent, etc. by pharmaceutical companies hiring outside firms to assist in R & D
One factor contributes to business growth. 2. Supply: Business covers the entire industry chain of drug research and development.
Annual income growth of 100.97% covers the area of operations. 3. Technology: talent advantage plus innovative business models lay the foundation for sustainable development.
A new business model, with deep strategic partnerships with clients. Capital operations: “Three-in-one” listing model, with a continuous increase in market value. Capital operations development process: (1) New Dealing in 2007, with a low share-holding ratio of founders; (2) privatization.
Pre-market defunct: stripping of the big molecule business, with a new three-boarding of the entire pharmaceutical industry; (3) after privatization has been completed: the defunct market in New York in 2015 (estimated at approximately $3.3 billion before defunct), with a significant increase in the shareholding ratio of the founder; (4) drug student, 2017
The market value has increased from two years to 92.7 billion Hong Kong yuan; (5) the pharmaceutical market in 2018, which helped the industry to become the China ' s new three-board research guest capital operator: the capital aid drug, Min Kande, has risen rapidly, and it has been “3 by 3” (Pharma Condex + Whole Medicine + Pharmacy + Pharmacy).
The marketing programme for the return of privatization is the sum of more than 200 million yuan in the market value of the drug, and since the privatization was completed, the success of the drug has inspired similar enterprises in the country.
Talent Management and Incentives. 3. Apocalypse III. Rational planning of capital operations, choice of operations and different capital market characteristics
Drug outsourcing service provider Ming Conde is a globally recognized, open-ended, all-round, integrated pharmaceutical research and development service capability and technology platform with new drug research and development capabilities. Ming Conde, as a provider of new drug research and development services, operates primarily in small-molecular discovery, research and development, and production.
Physical platform services, in the form of industry-wide chain platforms, provide research and development, production, and support services for new medicines to global pharmaceutical companies; in addition, Physician Conduit also provides medical equipment testing and precision medical research and development production services abroad. The Physician Conduit service covers the entire process from conceptualization to commercial production, and is one of the few “integrated, end-to-end” new global drug research and development services that can meet continuous demand.
Pharmacy Conduit clients include multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, start-ups, virtual companies, and academics and non-profit research institutions. In 2018, Pharmatin Condé served more than 3,500 clients from more than 30 countries around the world through 27 operating bases and affiliates.
1.2 The course of development: a gradual improvement of the business structure and the return to the unit after privatization began to build up new drug research and development chemical services and, in the following years, to expand operations in the areas of process research and development, biological analysis, toxicological services, preparations and clothing, and to gradually create an integrated research and development company. At the same time, the company outsources the pharmaceutical production industry.
In 2004, the company set up a drug production service for the development of the pharmaceutical industry, and in 2010 established a large production base, which has now become a leading enterprise for the outsourcing of small-scale molecular production in the country.
When the market is closed, the market is privatized and the market is re-entered into a+h stock market in 2018, when the business is consolidated. The market was first opened in 2007 at the market office, and the market was withdrawn in 2015 after the privatization.
At the same time, the company removed the micro and cmo operations from the biopharmaceuticals and created the medicator organisms and achieved ipo in the Hong Kong stock in 2017. Small molecular research and development operations were registered on the stock market by the parent company in April 2018, and on the h market in December 2018, which was better structured than before. In addition, the genetic diagnostic and data platform of the drug Minding Condé operates independently of the three listed entities and by means of the drug code.
Pharmatin Condé’s early operations are concentrated overseas and are now growing at a very high rate in the domestic business. Ming Condé’s early operations are concentrated in the United States, so foreign operations are relatively high, and companies have long and stable business relationships with dozens of large American pharmaceutical companies over the years.
Starting with a significant improvement in the domestic innovation drug environment, the company began to develop its domestic business, and in recent years the share of domestic business began to grow at a very high rate by figure 4fy 2014-fy2018, both domestic and foreign, and figure 5 in Germany.
1.3 Industry status: Cro+cmo/cdmo, leading industry, a globally competitive and integrated pharmaceutical outsourcer in China
The size of the market for outsourced services will increase from $115 billion in 2018 to $178.5 billion in 2022, with a complex annual growth rate of about 11.6 per cent. Minkund is an open platform of new drug R & D services with a capacity to service the entire industry chain of new drug research and development in a very small number of the industry, and is expected to benefit fully from the rapid development of the global market for outsourcing services in new drug research and development.
The Cro and cmo/cdmo industry is the leading industry with a global client base. Pharmacén Condé is China’s largest and the world’s top-ranked small molecular pharmaceutical research and development service provider, with a leading industry in the country. In 2018, Pharmacén Condé added more than 1,400 customers through 27 operating bases and branch offices around the world, providing services to more than 3,500 clients from more than 30 countries worldwide, covering all the top 20 countries.
Pharmacies compete with market participants in the segmented industry in different fields of business such as cro/cmo/cdmo. Pharmacians competes with companies such as Charles River Laboratory, coovance, Wise Chemistry, Conlonization, etc. in the pre-clinic area; in the clinical area, with iqvia (Quintai), ppd (medical product development company), paraexel (precision),
There is a competitive business relationship between companies such as Bozi Medicines, Teg Medicines, etc. In which the main business of Pharmacy Conde is based on its competitive advantage, international competitiveness is further enhanced, the global market ratio is gradually increasing, and the share of Pharmacy Condecró in the global market rose from 1.64 per cent in 2014 to 2.02 per cent in 2016.
Figure 6 Condro ' s share of the global market for drugs in 2016 qvia (Quintai) covance (Covance)
inventivehealth parexel charlesriver (Charles River Laboratory)
pra (Pharmacology Research Consortium)
Childen (Chilten) increarch (inc study)
1.4 Financial analysis: Business growth contributes to steady growth in operating income and sustained increases in investment in R & D The annual growth of major business operations has largely benefited from: (1) increased global research and development costs and cyclical pressure on new medicines, and the assistance of pharmaceutical companies in R & D or production through the hiring of external cro/cmo/cdmo enterprises to reduce R & D expenditure; (2) growth in local markets and policy support to bring opportunities to the pharmaceutical R & D service industry
(c) Continuous skill development in China’s cro and cmo/cdmo industries has led to rapid growth. At the same time, there has been a marked increase in the operations of the drug Minding Condé, with an average annual compound growth rate of 18.95% for laboratory services in China District between 2015 and 2018 and an average annual compound growth rate for the service of the cdmo/cmo Chart 7fy 2014-fy2018
Figure 8fy2018: The share of Ming Kandeh’s operations in comparison with figure 9fy 2014-fy2018: The high rate of growth in Mingkund’s operations; The net profit from Ming Dynamite’s retirement from the market; and the increase in the Māori rate.
The Māori rate has stabilized at around 40 per cent over the last three years, mainly as a result of steady growth in the main business through business consolidation and further business expansion. By Fy 2018, the net return to the mother had risen by 84.22 per cent over the same period, and the increase in the net return to the mother was due mainly to the continued growth in the business volume of the original clientele and the continued expansion of the new client base, and the good growth of the drug portfolio.
Minkand achieved a combined Māori of RMB 3,792 million, an increase of 16.75 per cent over the same period in 2017. Net interest rates for main business were 24.47 per cent, an increase of 7.57 per cent over the same period, Māori was 39.45 per cent, a decrease of 2.42 per cent over the same period last year.
In recent years, there has been a decline in the share of management costs in revenue collection, and sales fees in income from business have been largely equal. Financial costs have fluctuated in relation to operating income, mainly due to exchange rate fluctuations between the United States dollar and the renminbi, high growth in the cost of research and development (R & D) for companies, and higher revenues from R & D than from year to year. R & D costs have risen steadily and R & D revenues have been proportionally higher in 2014-2018.
Annual growth. Up to Fy2018, the cost of Pharmacy Condé R & D was $436 million, an increase of 42.82 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of the company ' s efforts to improve its R & D capacity and its continued investment in R & D, focusing on research and development activities such as the dna coded compound bank, synthetic chemical ai/mechanical learning, new drug mechanics and animal modelling, new process synthesis technology, new product projects and new technology platform research and development projects.
2. Business profiling: full-scale, integrated drug research and development outsourcing services 2.1cro operations: Mingconde core operations, flat income growth
The new drug-cro enterprise is responsible for carrying out all or part of the activities involved in the drug development process.
It is expected that more pharmaceutical companies around the world will choose the services of professional cro for new drugs. From the stage of service delivery, the former market mainstream cro provides pre-cro and cro-cro services.
The cro sector is expected to grow fast, and China’s cro market will be large in the future. The global cro market is expected to grow at 10.5% in the future, faster in the right. According to the frost&solivan report, the global cro market was forecast to be about $48.7 billion in 2018.
The market size will reach $72.7 billion, with a combined growth rate of about 10.5% in 2018-2022. Of this, China’s cro market is expected to continue to grow rapidly at around 20.4%. According to the frost&sullivan report, China’s cro market was forecast to be about $11.1 billion in 2018.
On the other hand, as our policies, such as the reform of the system for the review and approval of pharmaceutical and medical devices, and the evaluation of generic pharmaceutical consistency, continue, demand in the domestic market will continue to grow. China’s market is expected to reach $23.3 billion in 2022, with the global industry rising steadily.
Figure 16: Our market is growing rapidly at the expense of our pre-cro operations at 2.1.1: National Leader, covering a number of pre-clinical trials, pre-cro services, mainly compound research services and pre-clinical research services.
Services are provided mainly through a number of major holding companies, such as Shanghai Pharmacism, Suzhou Pharmacism, Tianjin Powder, Wuhan Powder Ming, and drug analysis and testing services. Operations in small molecule discovery services cover a range of related operations such as synthetic chemistry, biology, pharmaceutical chemistry, etc. Operations in drug analysis and testing services cover drug metabolic dynamics and toxicology, bioanalysis services, analytical chemistry and testing services.
Preclinical cro business is the company’s core business block, accounting for more than 52% of total operating income in the last three years, achieving $5,513 million in 2018, a 24,09% increase.
Total income rose by 53.19%. Preclinic cro operations grew steadily, with small molecular compounds found in 2017 earning 3,203 million yuan, 29.1% more than in 2017, drug analysis and testing services earning 918 million yuan, 16.3% more than in 2018, and gross profits from preclinical cro operations continued to grow. In 2018, district laboratory services in China reached 2,207 million yuan, 19.66% more than in the same year.
The Māori rate declined by 1.60 per cent, mainly as a result of the significant appreciation of the RMB against the United States dollar in the first half of 2018 compared to the same period in the previous year, with the Chinese District laboratory services receiving the majority of the US dollar and the cost of the majority of the RMB, while the increased cost of the drug Minding Condé for key talent incentives, including restrictive stock schemes, resulted in cost increases exceeding income increases.
2.1.2 Clinical cro operations: Integration of international multi-centre clinical services with increasing operational speed Clinical research and other cro services include clinical trial services (cds) and on-site management services (smo). Clinical trial services include clinical trial programme design, project management, i-iv monitoring and management of clinical trials, results research and clinical test services for medical devices; embedded
The smo service consists of project management and clinical field management services. The drug Minkand Cliniccro started late and improved its capacity to outsource R & D services through M & D. Started working on clinical cots.
By leveraging 100% of America’s rpg equity, on the one hand, to improve its international multi-centre clinical trial (mrct) service capability. By drawing on the services of the international cro, it also contributes to its operational development in the area of clinical coro.
The team covers more than 60 major cities around the world; the company ' s smo team has over 1,800 clinical coordinators, providing clinical centre management services in more than 760 hospitals in more than 110 cities and cities across the country.
The same-year increase of 64.17% was mainly due to the rapid development of the country’s clinical trial market for new medicines, and to the significant increase in the quality, size and capacity of the company’s clinical trials, the number of clients and orders. And, with the rapid expansion of the domestic market for clinical coro services, the transition to high-speed and long-term growth in Physics Condolence’s revenue grew by 72.64% in 2017 and 64.17% in 2018, respectively, and in 2016.
The main reason for this decline is the corresponding decline in income from the company’s divestiture of the big molecular biopharmaceutical business. On the scale of income, clinical co-morigin has risen steadily, and the Māori rate has remained essentially the same as in previous years. Drug Mind Cond’s clinical research and other co-services have achieved Māori gain of $171 million, an increase of 64.27 per cent, and Māori is 29.29 per cent. Due to the late start of the drug comcro as a whole, the Māori rate is higher.
Molecular biopharmaceutical operations are separated, and the clinical level of Cro Māori is still low compared to high-quality clinical cotage medicine, etc., but with the spread of clinical coro services and the build-up of scale effects, Māori rates have increased rapidly over the last three years and there is still much room for improvement. 2.2 cmo/cdmo Operations: All-round pharmaceutical support to construct small analytical drug cmo production chains
cmo operations: cmo commissioning of pharmaceutical products, the basic operating model of which is that the cmo enterprise is commissioned to support process development, formulation development and production involving pharmaceutical production, mainly in clinical medicine, intermediate manufacturing, raw material production, formulation production (e.g., powders, needles) and packaging, and obtaining commission service income according to contractual agreement.
cdmo Operations: Differentiated from common cmo, cdmo emphasizes its research and development capability to optimize traditional processes and to complete customized research and development under conditions that satisfy cgmp. cdmo Enterprises can provide process development and optimization, formulation development and experimental production services required by pharmaceutical companies for the production of innovative medicines, as well as further customized production services ranging from kg to tons based on the above-mentioned R & D, development, etc.
A combination of high-technology value-added process R & D capabilities and large-scale productive capacity, and a combination of the supply model of clinical trial production, commercial production, deep match-to-drug enterprise R & D, procurement, and production across the supply chain system, replacing simple output with higher value-added technology exports, pushing the capital-intensive cmo sector to a full upgrading of the technology-intensive and capital-intensive cdmo sector.
Participants in the conference included Pharmacy Condé (all-round industry), Karen, Boteng shares, drug-blind organisms, etc. Figure 25 The industry chain of pharmaceutical research and development services continues to grow in the global market for medical outsourcing, and the cdmo industry continues to move up.
The growth in sales and the professionalization of the pharmaceutical industry chain offer great opportunities for development, and the cdmo industry continues to move up. With the global cost of new drug development and competition for counterfeiting, pharmaceutical companies increasingly tend to outsource drug development, and will continue to seek external orders from professional cmo/cdmo to support services to accelerate the development of new drugs for some time to come.
The frost&sullivan report predicted that the global market for the small molecule cmo/cdmo industry would be about $64.9 billion in 2018, that the global cmo/cdmo market would be more than $102.1 billion in 2022, and that the composite growth rate would be around 12.0% in 2018-2022. The cmo industry shift was clear, with Chinese cmo firms approaching the gold period.
The market share of Europe and the United States has declined from 75% in 2010 to 67% in 2017, while the market share of China, India, and other countries has increased from 10% to 15%, and the market share of China has risen to about 8%. In recent years, India and India have gradually increased in terms of human development and research in medicine and technology.
At that time, China’s policy of patent protection was better than that of India’s larger clients. China has the world’s largest chemical industry and pharmaceutical-related expertise, with its three main characteristics: young age, high educational qualifications, and low employment costs, and the combined cost of its own cdmo enterprise is only one-third-one-fifth for the European and American regions.
By choosing cdmo outsourcing as a trend, combined with industrial trends and policy dividends, China’s cdmo industry is about to develop gold. China’s cdmo enterprise has the advantage of taking over the global interregional industrial transfer of the cdmo industry, and its head has grown faster in recent years than the cdmo sector. According to statistics from the South and projections from the frost&sullivan report, China’s cmo/cdmo sector market was about $5.7 billion in 2018.
The size of China’s cmo/cdmo market will increase to approximately $11.6 billion in 2022, with a compound growth rate of approximately 19.4% in 2018-2022. The pharmaceutical industry is leading, relying on its subsidiaries to run small molecules in the entire pharmaceutical industry. The whole industry is the leader in developing and outsourcing services for custom-made pharmaceutical production in China.
According to Townsend Reuters Cortellis, the total number of chemical innovations in clinical research is currently around 4,300, of which the entire pharmaceutical industry is involved in the development or production of more than 600, or more than 10%. The whole pharmaceutical business is divided into the raw drug cdmo business and the formulation cdmo business.
Clients provide cmo/cdmo services in the pre-clinical and post-clinical (including commercial) phases, covering the pre-clinical stage, the clinical i-iii stage of R & D production and new drug approval, the commercialization phase after new drugs have been approved, including, inter alia, production process research services for raw materials, research and development and experimental production services, and commercial production.
The range includes services such as pre-prescription development, formulation development and clinical trials, production, packaging and labelling of pharmaceutical products, supported by oral solids such as tablets, capsules, bags and particles, and oral solutions or suspensions. After major asset restructuring, the whole industry provides global clients with integrated solutions ranging from small molecules and raw materials to formulations, bringing the entire cmc chain together seamlessly to accelerate client innovation of small molecules.
An efficient, flexible, high-quality one-stop solution that enables new drug research and development partners to contribute to a steady increase in future harvests.
In recent years, the entire pharmaceutical industry has become increasingly capable of winning orders, and has been able to generate unattainable amounts of on-the-job orders, which have been rising steadily, and in the post-clinical stage (including commercialization) project orders.
The revenue from the post-clinic (including commercialization) phase of the fy 2018 api project continued to grow rapidly, reaching $1,264 million, representing 46.71 per cent of the revenue received, an increase of 29.85 per cent compared to the 29.5 per cent, exceeding for the first time the operating income of the pre-clinic phase of api.
As of Fy2018, the operating income of the drug Mind Condmo/cmo service was 2,699 million yuan, an increase of 27.98 per cent over the same period, and 2.3 biopharmaceuticals +cmo/cdmo operations: the whole chain of biocoveries has been growing steadily in the global biopharmaceutical market. With a large number of biopharmaceuticals at different stages of development, it is expected that the returns will be higher over the next decade.
According to the World Health Organization, deaths due to chronic diseases will account for 75% of global deaths by 2020. Cancer, autoimmune diseases, and suction diseases account for more than 60% of the entire biopharmaceutical market. In 2018, fda approved 17 innovative biopharmaceuticals.
The market for the outsourcing of biopharmaceutical services has grown considerably in recent years. Much of what was done within companies in the past has now been transferred to a third party. The expansion of the cdmo market, which provides a whole range of integrated services, has led to a shift in the way industry thinks, and cdmo now offers a lot of expertise to clients.
Value-added services are essential partners in the biopharmaceutical industry. Growing research and development costs, advanced technology, sustained innovation and optimization of production processes, and growing demand for patients make the market for outsourcing biopharmaceutical services more attractive.
Average. Greater clinical success rates for big molecules have led to an increase in the number of new drugs that can be marketed in the future. Moreover, the blueprint for the future is exciting and promising for breakthrough innovations such as immunotherapy, anti-coupled drugs, gene therapy and cell therapy, which are gradually entering the commercial phase in the coming years. However, given the complexity of the biopharmaceutical structure, the regulatory requirements of the mass drug production process and quality standards,
Strictness, many pharmaceutical and biotech companies are seeking to outsource cooperation to minimize R & D and production risks and optimize the supply chain. Psychic organisms provide comprehensive, integrated and highly customized biological agent discovery, development and production services. Psychic biological services cover all stages of the development of biological agents, from the discovery of pharmaceuticals to commercial production.
An integrated platform of location also enables PMOs to serve clients at an early stage of drug discovery, thus significantly increasing the stickyness of clients and creating a rich list of items.
Business income is growing at a high base. Gross profits are growing rapidly, and the Māori rate has remained stable at around 40% for the last three years.
2.4 Medical devices, precision medical operations: forward-looking layout, enabling future performance growth 2.4.1 Medical devices: overseas leaders, gradually opening up domestic operations
The apptec service is mainly done through its American subsidiary apptec, which is a front-runner in pre-clinical and clinical medical equipment testing services in the United States for many years, mainly for overseas users. The apptec is able to perform a full range of research and development testing services for medical devices, while providing pharmaceutical declaration and quality testing services.
With years of experience in equipment development services abroad, it has acquired a pre-existing advantage over medical equipment services. In 2015, it announced that its testing department had introduced pre-clinical medical equipment testing services in China.
Services currently cover a full range of services such as biocompatibility, micro-organisms, and chemical testing. 2.4.2 Precision medical operations: layout cytotherapy
A wide-ranging layout in the field of precision medicine is one of the potential flashpoints for future growth in performance. Pharmacy Condt, through the U.S. subsidiary apptec, provides excellent services for research and development in cell therapy and for the establishment of a manufacturing plant in Philadelphia, USA, with products dedicated to oncological treatments such as car-t. Apptec can undertake a number of services for car-t cell therapy, including research on production processes, including process optimization, platform development, and technology development.
Process magnification and process validation; 2 small-volume production of cell therapy and genetic treatment products for clinical trials; 3-cell therapy and commercial production of genetic treatment products; 4 related testing services. Car-t therapy is currently one of the most popular treatments in the field of oncology research and development.
It is expected that Juno will submit a car-t registration application in the second half of the year, and will be approved as soon as possible during the year. In April 2018, she launched a US$ 90 million a round of financing for the company's car-t production.
Product jwcar 209 is already in the clinical trial stage in China. Combined with the new drug development capabilities that Ming Kande is leading in the country and the technological advantages of Juno in the car-t area of research and development, it is hoped that the development of car-t-cell therapy will accelerate in the country.
2.4.3 United States District Laboratory Services: In the United States region, Pharmacy Condt operates mainly through its fully-owned subsidiary, Apptec (Pharma Condé, USA). Apptec (Pharma Condé, USA) focuses its operations on medical equipment testing services, precision medical research and development production services abroad, etc.
In the field, research and development services can be tailored to the needs of pharmaceutical companies, research institutions, and medical appliances, mainly for United States clients. There has been a small increase in the US District Laboratory Service, with a significant decrease in the Māori rate. In 2018, Pharmacy Condex's Laboratory Service was opened with $1,204 million, a 6.10 per cent increase in the same year, Māori $289 million, a 20.07 per cent decrease in the same year.
Continue to increase investment in the development and production of regional cell and gene therapy in the United States, increase capital investment and the recruitment of technicians, increase costs, and decrease the Cdmo service by 13% compared to the same period in the previous year. With the gradual release and utilization of capacity, the rate of U.S. district laboratory services has declined significantly over the last three years.
3. Success factors: Three factors contributing to the need for a Ming Conde 3.1: high industry climate, new opportunities brought by market growth + policy support, increased global research and development costs and cyclical pressures for new medicines, and drug companies ' assistance in research and development or production by hiring external cro/cmo/cdmo enterprises
Cro/cmo/cdmo can spread the financial inputs and potential risks of new drug research and development across the entire industrial chain of the pharmaceutical industry, cro helps to reduce the cost of research and development and reduce the average time spent on research and development by pharmaceutical companies, thereby accelerating the approval and marketing of new drugs, and cmo/cdmo helps enterprises reduce production costs, improve production efficiency and production processes, and therefore R&D services will become the mainstream trend in the future.
It is precisely in the pharmaceutical research and development service industry, which is able to compensate for the lack of research and development capacity or production capacity of pharmaceutical producers, the growth of local markets and policy support for pharmaceutical research and development services. The country’s population base is large, population ageing is increasing, and demand for the pharmaceutical industry is increasing.
The country’s pharmaceutical industry will continue to grow rapidly. The country’s investment in new drug innovation has gradually increased, driving the demand for drug safety and efficacy tests in the development of medicines. In the context of the growing demand for medicines in the country and the increasing trend towards disaggregating the pharmaceutical sector, the development of the country’s clave has been facilitated by factors such as the location of evaluation standards and the promotion of graded diagnostics; and, at the same time, the promotion of innovative policies and maah.
By investing in R & D and attracting high-end R & D talent from both within and outside the country, firms have become more competitive in their own services, building an essential component of the new drug R & D industry and becoming a high and sustained skill builder in China’s cro/cmo/cdmo industry, driving the rapid development of China’s cro and cmo/cdmo industries.
China can provide a large number of highly qualified medical and research personnel to meet the demand of multinational pharmaceutical companies for research and development in China, with a high value for money. Meanwhile, a large number of multinational pharmaceutical companies have already undertaken considerable R & D and pre-clinical research in China, leading to highly regulated technical practices and extensive industry experience that directly drive me.
The improvement of the national glp certification system has also contributed significantly to the alignment of our new drug research and development with international standards. 3.2 Supply: Business coverage of the entire industry chain of drug research and development Open, comprehensive and integrated research and development service platforms.
Enterprises, with 26 research and development bases/branch offices around the world, build a whole-of-industry model of R & D, production, and commercial services through technology, business models and cross-industry collaboration, focusing on industrial synergies around the global demand of clients in the field of pharmaceutical research and development.
Ben and the threshold, shortening the R&D cycle, improving R&D production capacity, assisting entrepreneurs and scientists in realizing the dreams of R&D entrepreneurship and life-saving treatment, promoting model innovation and industrial upgrading across China in the field of new drug research and development, and continuing and evolving pharmaceutical innovation ecosystems for China and the world's large-health innovation ecosystem.
On the one hand, Ming Conde relies on its open and integrated research and development service platform to provide customized services to its clients at multiple levels. On the other hand, Ming Conde is instrumental in providing international leading, highly customized research and development services to large international pharmaceutical companies at all stages of new drug development, testing and production services, effectively reducing the cost and threshold of new drug development, shortening the research and development cycle and improving the capacity of research and development; on the other hand, the Ming Conde Capacity Platform is also fully developed.
There is a full range of services available to start-up pharmaceutical research and development firms and even to individual scientists, from scientific inventions to product development.
The company provides customized research and development services to international pharmaceutical companies, maintains a China-based, international-oriented strategic approach, and operates in entities in both China and the United States. Over the years, the field of new drug research and development has been deeply developed, based on an in-depth understanding of new drugs, the industrial chain of research and development, and a forward-looking diagnosis of trends in new drug research and development, through a series of strategic investments and integration of new drugs around the world.
The capacity of the R & D industry chain to improve overall competitive edges downstream of the industry chain, and to increase the advantage service chain, among other things, achieve synergies and rapid expansion of operations on a platform-based basis. Drug Minding Condé has advanced quality management systems that are recognized by domestic and international clients.
International certification, the first Chinese chemical manufacturing and control (cmc) research and development platform to pass the U.S. fda review, the first Chinese cgmp drug product production facility, glp bioanalysis laboratory to meet quality standards in the U.S., Europe and China, and the first Chinese government regulatory agency to approve the commercialization of small molecules for innovative drug production, including China, the U.S., the EU, Japan, Canada, Switzerland, Australia and New Zealand
Cmo/cdmo Enterprise, the drug and gmp intermediate, by providing high-efficiency, high-standard and high-quality technical services to large international pharmaceutical companies, in parallel with the change in global new drug research and development technology, assists clients in improving their R & D processes and providing innovative, uniquely competitive R & D services based on customer demand. In recent years, companies have taken the lead in responding to calls for national industrial upgrading, introducing advanced industry models, international R & D service standards,
Quality control standards, advanced production technologies and equipment, which will lead to integration with the world’s leading pharmaceutical companies, both in their own countries and in their own industries, will contribute to the internationalization of China’s drug and chemical research and development capabilities, and will contribute to the transformation of the service model for new drug research and development in the country and to the emergence of major innovative industrial policies.
The pharmaceutical research and development service industry is a technology-intensive industry, and the technological advantage is the core competitiveness of the enterprise.
Piming Condé has promoted the optimization of the talent rotation system and the internal promotion system in order to increase staff motivation. First, it is based on the frontier of the industry, the ability of the so-called cutting-edge technical services to bring the spirit of human innovation to fruition. Second, it is promoting the establishment of the internal innovative project leader mechanism, which is to be adopted.
Incentives such as post-market equity incentives, employee ownership schemes, etc., stimulate and stimulate the creativity of creative talent in issuers; and, thirdly, explore innovative models that can be used to empower employees of enterprises by developing research and development platforms, stimulating their “entrepreneurship” and promoting a large workforce in China's “know-your-own economy” era.
As of Friday, 2019q1, there were 18,163 employees, of whom 6,657 had a master’s degree or more, and 967 had a Bosniac degree or equivalent. The drug’s training system, the per capita income-generating and per capita income-generating activities of the drug’s centre, was at a higher level in the same industry.
Compared to the Cmo/cdmo staff in 432018, Pminconde has an excellent management team with a global vision and a strategic vision for the industry.
A rich pharmaceutical industry with strong executive power and years of investment in the pharmaceutical industry, management experience, internationalization and a high profile in the life sciences of Central America and the United States. Experienced and far-sighted management teams have made it possible to have a unique and keen understanding of the global economic cycle and overall trends in the pharmaceutical industry.
Innovative business models for integration, large services, and in-depth strategic partnerships with clients.
Under the business model, the drug Ming Conde intervenes from the early stages of innovative drug development, working continuously with clients throughout the life cycle of the drug, the technological ideas and management systems of the two sides are constantly being refined, forming deep strategic partnerships. After the commercialization phase of the drug, clients tend to continue their previous partnerships, thereby significantly improving access to the drug to ensure its quality stability and a sustained and reliable supply.
Cmo/cdmo Production Order Opportunities. Through this model of cooperation, Ming Condé is increasingly supportive and interdependent with his clients over a long period of professional service, and ultimately leads to a stable and reliable long-term strategic partnership for the sustained and steady growth of the Ming Condex business.
Capital operations: “3-by-three” listing model, with a significant increase in market value: 4.1 Capital operations development process: privatization completed at the market point, a+h share distribution support company 4.1.1 marketed, with a low share-holding ratio of founders
Mingkund was first established in 2000 as a joint venture between Li Ge, Zhao Ning, Liu Xiaojong, Chenatechs, Zhang and the Lake Tzu Water Group, and Johannj.baldwin, a chemical synthesis provider, Chemdepo, a biological reagent provider, and the Chinese Clinical Research Service, jiecheng and Medkey.
In 2014, the research institute Xenobioticlaboratories, in 2015 the genetic analysis company nextcodehealth, and so on. Prior to the promotion of privatization, Physicand joined forces to regenerate medicine, pristine investment, and the Great Light Medical Fund to acquire the top biotechnology company, ambrx.
By 2015, with a series of reductions and dilution, President Li Ge held only 1.45% of the shares, while the other founders held 1.03% of the shares, while the first shareholder was the institution ' s fmrllc, with 19% of the shares. Prior to the privatization in 2015, with a series of reductions and dilution, the chairman Li Ge held only 1.45% of the shares of Pharmacé Kande, and the other founder Zhang, with 1.03% of the shares of the other executives.
In the second year of its listing in the United States (2008), the company acquired $151 million in apptec. Apptec focuses on biopharmaceuticals and medical devices, while Pinconde works mainly on small molecular chemicals.
In March 2014, Ming bought the luminahisekx10 sequencing system and, six months later, the American BioInfo company xenobioticlaboratories; in January 2015, $65 million was spent in cash to buy nickcodehealth (now the drug code).
A company with a centralized database and bioanalysing of large-scale genetic information on humans, and a joint venture with China to launch a “clear cloud” of products for the sequenced consumption of genes, officially unlocked the layout of the genes. Millions of dollars.
The platform model, which focuses more on short-term performance, looks at a simple contract order, a guaranteed business model of cash flow. The market value of Ming Condt was underestimated, with revenue and net profits five to six times higher than that of domestic entrepreneurship in 2014, but only 1.2 times that of Pingtaker medicine.
Figure 48fy2015q3 compares Ming Kandeh with Teg medicine in the pre-market period of privatization 4.1.2: Deportation of big molecules, new three-boarding of the entire pharmaceutical industry, and the new three-boarding of the pharmaceutical industry.
The drug industry’s success in promoting the entire drug industry’s listing on the new three boards has set a precedent for overseas listed companies’ subsidiaries to be listed on the new three. Because of the low and fragmented share-holding ratio of the drug’s founders and senior managers, the whole drug industry’s presence is mainly a problem identified by the actual controllers.
Figure 50 is a full-scale stock structure. Physician Conduit strips large molecule-related businesses, i.e., drug-sensitized organisms, from the public system.
Subjects of the biopharmaceutical business include: (1) the management of the pharmaceutical industry and its subsidiary companies, the pharmaceutical community in Shanghai, the drug community in Shanghai, the biologicshk in Suzhou, and the sector in which the pharmaceutical sector in Shanghai is monitored. After the stripping, none of these companies is included in the consolidated statements of the subjects listed in the market. 4.1.3 After privatization has been completed: the market in New York has been withdrawn and the share-holding ratio of the founders has significantly increased.
The total price of the privatization offer from the management led by Li Ge is US$ 3.3 billion. The management headed by Chairman Li Ge, the co-financing of diaspora funds, such as Benallybridge, has put forward non-binding privatization offers. The privatization offer price is US$ 5.75 per unit, which is US$ 5.75 per unit/general share price, and the total cost of privatization is about US$ 3.3 billion. Of this US$ 1.1 billion in privatization funds is financed by creditors.
On December 10, 2015, Pharmacén Condé withdrew from the market from New York, and the proportion of the founder’s shareholdings rose considerably. After privatization, Pharmacén Condé still had no shareholders, but the four founders, Li Ge, Zhao Ning, Liu Xiaojing, Zhang Xiaojun, signed a consensus agreement to act together as Pharmacé Condé.
The combined voting rights controlled by the four founders after calculating the agreement on concerted action and the trust agreement on voting rights of other institutions were 34.4812%, which represents a significant leap forward before privatization was completed.
After privatization was completed, the four founders became the physical controllers of the full pharmaceutical industry. The full pharmaceutical industry launched an asset restructuring programme at the end of 2016 to purchase all the assets and liabilities of the pds sector owned by the controlling shareholder, Shanghai Pharmacy Condé, at a transaction cost of $1.52 billion.
Continuing development and the production and packaging of preparations are mainly concerned with the development of preparations for oral solid formulations and suspensions at the clinical stage, laboratory research and development of products. The recombinant whole industry cmo line of operations has been expanded from the former active intermediates to the raw material plate to the formulation development and production plate.
4.1.4 The market value of the Pharmacy Biological Port was increased by two years to 92.7 billion in 2017, and the market value of the Pharmacy Biological Port has doubled since it was released. After privatization was completed, stock changes and reorganizations of the previously removed Pharmacists were carried out. On 13 June 2017, Pharmacism was successfully placed on the market, and 192 million shares were released and sold.
By May 17, 2019, the market value of the drug was 92,736 Hong Kong dollars. Biologicholdings became the controlling shareholder of the drug-signing organisms, 88.74% of the drug-signing organisms and 79.19% of the privatized drug-commodity shares.
People also control more than 30% of the medicator organisms, directly and indirectly through companies such as BiologicSoldings, g&Climited, g&Climited, etc.
On 8 May 2018, the market was opened by Ming Condé, and the market value of ipo as Ming Condé has stabilized at about $93.5 billion.a The Unit ' s fund-raising funds are invested mainly in nine major projects related to the main business, including the expansion of existing business capacity and the expansion of the layout of existing or new business. As the fund-raising project progresses, on the one hand, the company reviews the business, and on the other.
The production capacity of chemical R & D, partial analysis and diagnostic services will be effectively mitigated and the service delivery capacity rapidly improved; on the other hand, Smo, clinical surveillance, bioanalysis, cellular and gene therapy R & D production is expected to expand rapidly, providing companies with a performance increment while creating synergies with existing operations, helping companies to develop rapidly and growing up the ceiling.
On December 13, 2018, the Pharmacy Condéh Unit was issued at a price of HK$68.00 per share, raising a total of HK$2.250 billion and raising a net amount of HK$8582 million. From listing to date, the drug has expanded the capacity of global business units; acquired cro and cmo/cdmo; invested in and fostered innovative business models and increased the health industry.
Long-potential companies; development of high-end technologies, such as the use of artificially intelligent drug research and development platforms and automated laboratories, pharmaceutical health data platforms, and mechanical chemistry technologies. The rapid expansion of new businesses is facilitated through the mobilization of financial inputs, while facilitating access to finance for businesses, while a more open capital market environment contributes to a further increase in the impact of corporate globalization platforms.
The price of the Pharmacy Biosa shares has risen significantly, and h shares have risen slowly (as of 17 May 2019) 4.2 capital performances: “3 by 3” and “a+h” stock strategies, with a 10-fold valuation of the capital operations aid drug Ming Condé has risen rapidly.
In addition to this, and more importantly, after the privatization of the market, Psychics operate with capital, stripping out the assets, business “triple” and being fed into the subsidiary drug-edicting organisms (02269.hk) and the whole-time pharmaceutical industry (832159).
Not in Hong Kong and the new three-board market. With the return of “3-by-three” privatizations, in just three years after his withdrawal from the United States stock market in 2015, Pharmacén Condé has crossed the market value from $3.3 billion to more than RMB 200 billion as a whole.
The “3-by-3” return-to-market” programme for the “3-by-3” privatization of Pharmacism achieved an overall leap in market value. The main elements of the “3-by-three” strategy include: (1) a full-scale drug industry (832159.oc), a new 3-board sign-up, which is primarily responsible for providing small-molecular drug intermediates for multinational drug companies, raw-material drugs and preparations, and co-services for the pds sector. In 2018, the operating income was 2,706 million yuan, resulting in a net profit of 598 million yuan.
The pharmaceutical industry has a market value of $18 billion. (2) Pharmacy organisms (2269.hk), h shares are marketed, mainly as “open biopharmaceutical technology platforms” for biological discovery, development and production services. In 2018, HK$ 2,534 million was collected, resulting in a net profit of HK$ 630 million. The current market value of Pharmacy organisms is HK$ 92,736 million. (3) Pharmacy Condium (6,03259.sh), a shareipo, to global pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies and medical practitioners.
In December 2015, the family withdrew from the United States stock market, and in December 2018 the family successfully completed the listing of four companies. In three years, the value rose 10 times, from $3.3 billion in privatization (about RMB 20.7 billion) to more than RMB 200 billion.
On the one hand, the reason for this is that the current performance of the Pharmacy Condés has improved considerably. In 2014, the Pharmacy Condé collected approximately $4,125 million, resulting in a net profit of $680 million. In 2018, three companies (Pharmacénd 603259.sh and Pharmacy 2359.hk were not completely separated from Pharmacénd in 2018, with a separate accounting of the harvest and up to $1,485.54, which resulted in a net profit of up to $3562 million.
Moreover, the A+h financing platform helps to internationalize the drug, raise its international profile, improve its competitiveness in the global arena.
5. The stone of his mountain can be attacked: The success of the drug Myung Condé's inspiration to similar enterprises in the country.
The pharmaceutical research and development industry has a high profile, and companies have a high rate of growth in their competitive track development support operations. Pharmaceutical research and development, especially for new medicines, is a complex system of high technology, high risk, high input and long-cycles, but is accompanied by (1) increased global research and development costs and cyclical pressures for new medicines, and pharmaceutical companies have assisted in research and development or production by hiring external cro/cmo/cdmo enterprises to reduce research and development expenditures. (2) Growth and political growth in home-grown markets.
Policy support provides opportunities for the pharmaceutical research and development service industry (3) The continuing development of skilled people has contributed to the rapid growth of the Chinese industry in the cro and cmo/cdmo industries, and the market size of the pharmaceutical research and development service sector has grown rapidly. Ming Condé is an open new drug research and development service platform with a capacity to service the entire industry chain of new medicines in the same industry, and is expected to benefit fully from the global market for outsourcing services in new drug research and development in the future.
Different biomedical enterprises should choose the right course of development based on a variety of resources, including their own technology, in order to achieve a better future in terms of volume: Apocalypse 5.2: Focus on upgrading technology, talent management and motivation, people-centred, talent-based management and motivation. The technological competitiveness of the pharmaceutical research and development services sector is largely reflected in the pool of highly skilled personnel.
In addition to this, Ming-Con-de-Tse has made a major effort to promote the talent rotation system and the internal promotion system in order to upgrade its staff.
As workers are motivated, the average income and income generation per person per person is higher in the industry in the Cro and cmo/cdmo operations. Core company technicians are an important part of the company’s core competitiveness and the foundation and key to its survival and development.
As a technology platform with a full range of service capabilities, it has the capacity to provide small-molecular drugs, testing, clinical testing services, testing of medical devices and production services for precision medical research and development; and as a technology platform with an integrated service capacity, it has a comprehensive area of business coverage that can provide both a phased service and a client.
Medicines need to increase their technological competitive advantage to attract customers in the future and achieve further business growth.
Long-term capital planning is the key to the long-term development of enterprises, and appropriate sources of financing should be selected according to business and different capital market characteristics. Pharmaceutical R & D services must have advanced R & D site facilities and high-standard production plants with intermediate and large-scale production capacity in order to meet the requirements of multinational pharmaceutical companies.
At the same time, the appropriate financing channels will help to raise the value of the business and raise additional funds for follow-on development. The market value of Ming Conde is only $3.3 billion before the retirement of New York City, while the market value of Ming Conde has increased by 10 times, with a total market value of more than $20 billion, through the unique “one-size-fits-all” and “a-h” strategies.
Fragmentation of the same business from the parent company also contributes to the company’s long-term development, as the Pharmacy family differs from the whole industry, the Pharmacists, the Pharmacy Conduits, and the business, and is now securitized in the new three-board, a-share, h-shares. Different financing platforms not only give investors different options, but also give companies more ways to raise money, and with the introduction of the domestic innovation board, the enterprise’s access to finance has increased.
To be clear, enterprises should identify their own business location, as well as the characteristics of their operations and different capital markets, and choose the right sources of financing.
In the context of the two eras of wealth management and innovative entrepreneurship, a new three-board research team to build the dual attributes of “researching the polar +banker” based on research capacity, tailor-made capital business plans for enterprises, match capital markets, provide a range of financial whole-of-industry research services, including cross-industry, trans-regional, upstream and downstream extension, and act as a bridge and leverage for micro, small and medium-sized enterprises and financial institutions.
Yuan Quan, General Manager and Chief Research Officer, has long been involved in securities research and has been awarded the World Financial Laboratory annual prize -- the six largest. The first new three-board research team in the industry was formed in 2014 to create a famous research brand, the New Three-board Researcher.
With many years of experience in the field of second prizes in the securities industry association in 08 and 09, he has been familiar with the functioning of the second-tier capital market, focusing on robotics, drones, etc., and has served as a service robot in the Guangzhou City Development Area, Wencheng (the deputy director of the new three-board team): Master ' s degree, scientific and regulatory complexes at Nanjing University, seven years ' experience as a operator.
Four years of experience in market analysis and research in related areas such as communications, the Internet, and informatization. Huang Yu (New Three Team Leader): University of Duren, United Kingdom, Master of Finance, with a complex background of cross-practice and overseas research, is responsible for education, and is good at data mining and case analysis.
Sze Wei (Head of the New Three High-end Equipment Industry): China People’s University has a master’s degree in management, a complex professional background in polytechnics and management, a multi-year public fund-raising experience, a rich accumulation of manufacturing research on the new three boards and a share, and a deep understanding of business management. Research in the areas of construction, post-investment management, and data mining and policy analysis.
Experience in the field of cloud computing, information security, etc. Experience in the development and management of the products of the first enterprise, with an in-depth understanding of the current state and direction of development of the medical equipment industry, with a focus on the new three-board medical equipment, the circulation of medicines and the service industry.
A paper, with rich research experience from overseas investment agencies and new wealth teams of domestic bond dealers, now focuses on education. A rich second-tier research experience, focusing on electricity equipment and new sources of energy and materials.
In areas of consumption such as childbearing, early childhood education, mothers and children, and toys, attention is paid to the new three-board investment strategy and to the two main directions of enterprise capital planning.