002371.sz. Electronics has increased profitability and national production has accelerated.
Billion, 55 per cent increase in the same year; 1.8 billion yuan in net profit returns, 138 per cent increase in the same year; 120 per cent increase in net profit deductions, 120 per cent increase in the same year; 1.1 billion yuan in net profit deductions, 119 per cent increase in the same year.
In the first half of the year, the subsidiary, the Northern Microelectronics (semiconductor equipment), collected $6.95 billion, yoy+80 per cent, net profits of $1.52 billion, yoy+497 per cent, and a net interest rate of 22 per cent (15.3 pct higher than in the same year);
For the first half of the year, the subsidiary, Seven Stars, collected $1.06 billion, y0y-21 per cent, net profits of $390 million, yoy-40 per cent and net interest rates of 36.6 per cent (a fall of 11.5 pct).
Corporate orders grew up high for 22 years, guaranteed 23h1 income, net interest rate of 27.3 per cent for the second quarter alone, increased by 8 pct over the same period, and continued to improve profitability under size effects and structural business optimization.
The length of the cover continues to rise, and companies have a strong market competition in the fields of icp etching, pvd and thermal treatment equipment, while continuing active layout and expansion of products in such areas as cleaning, ccp etching, cvd, ald etc., increasing process coverage in the area of disaggregation, and continuing to benefit from national substitution of equipment plus production
The semiconductor equipment industry is expected to see a marginal improvement, and Semi, in its mid-2023 semiconductor equipment forecasting report, predicts that the global sales of semiconductor manufacturing equipment will be the same in 2023.
The US-Japan export control measures on semiconductors continue to grow, and the logic of national production substitution continues to be strong. Unaffected mature processes in the short term are domestic crystallized mills, with medium- and long-term capacity.
See that storage and logical advances open up the space for growth. Profit forecasting, valuation and rating. Downstream expansion is not as fast as expected, China and the United States trade risks are increasing, and home-grown equipment development is progressing.
An analysis of the ratings of the relevant reports in the market within one month and two months of the week.