Mid-2023: Performance in line with expectations, newly signed list Keyword: #Import Substitution Event: company released mid-2023.
Rapid release of integrated circuit equipment, sustained steady growth of revenue at the end of 2023h1
Cvd, stand-up furnaces, scrubbers, ald, etc., have increased the pace at which they are imported into the market. They are integrated in billions of yuan, equal to 21%, with a revenue ratio of 12.57%, same to 11.94 pct, short-term pressure. By the time of the boom, we've judged integrated circuits to be the main growth point, while photovoltaics are fast-displaced.
Quantities. Corporate income ends are expected to continue to grow at a high rate as hand orders continue to be delivered and revenue recognized.
Of this total, 38.37 per cent and 70.16 per cent were for electronic process equipment and electronic components, respectively, equal to platform-type companies and 21.96 per cent were for beneficiary countries, compared to 7.37 pct, with sales, management, R & D and financial cost rates equal to -
▪ Indigenous semiconductor equipment platform company, replacing wave wave production with long-term beneficiary country 1. Erosion equipment: for customers such as 12 inches logic, storage, power, advanced encapsulation etc., to achieve The North’s Volkswagen (002371): 2022 newspaper
Silicon, metal, medium etching process with full coverage. 2) film sedimentation equipment: breaking through core technologies such as pvd, cvd and ald. 20 remaining products such as copper interconnection film deposition, aluminium film deposition, etc. were reported as & first quarter 2023: performance achieved
(iii) Stand-up furnace equipment: medium-temperature oxidation/reflection furnace, high-temperature oxygen, high-speed growth, leading semiconductor equipment to national production/reflection furnaces, low-temperature alloy furnaces, low-pressure chemical phase deposition furnaces, batch atom deposition furnaces
Quantities of equipment produced for mainstream domestic clients, and repeated orders obtained on an ongoing basis. 4) Outgoing equipment: cover the sic extenuator, silicon silicgan extenuator, 6/8 inches of silicon extenuator, etc. 5) Cleaning equipment: a single scrubber covering the entire ai/cu process, which is the back-tracking of mainstream domestic manufacturers.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account the trends and costs of the company’s electronic component business. Dong Wu Securities Inc., Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.