In recent days, the company published its semi-annual report for 2022, which resulted in a gross operating income of $95,807 million, an increase of the same amount.
The company’s traditional main business is disturbed by the epidemic, and the profits are more visible overall. On a quarterly basis, 2022 expands overseas markets, accelerates the intellectual transformation of numbers, insists on autonomous innovation, and steadily expands new and diversified businesses while maintaining robust household power.
In a more powerful context, the company achieved negative growth in q2 in 2022, although at a slower pace, the company’s green energy operations were significantly released. For example, in the first half of 2022, the company received 68.746 billion yuan in air conditioning, raw appliances, industrial products, smart equipment, and 21.77 billion yuan in green energy.
Growth. 1 New energy vehicle business: the company has introduced road vehicles, buses, tourist trucks, micro-cars, etc. 2 lithium battery business: the size of power cell orders has increased rapidly, both in and out of the country. 3-5c fast-load battery products have been developed and heavy cards, mine cards, tractors, port machinery, oil field equipment have been developed
Special-purpose power cells, newly developed titanium-acid titanium shell batteries with the largest volume of single capacity (over 155ah). 3 storage energy operations: Gtonic battery storage systems have been sold to more than 30 countries and regions around the world, covering a variety of applications such as new energy consumption, grid frequency, telecommunications base stations, orbital traffic, etc.
Corporate profitability repairs. In the first half of 2022, the Māori sales rate was 24.50 per cent, an increase of 0.76 percentage points in the same year and 0.95 percentage points in the ring; in the second quarter alone, Māori sales by companies were largely facilitated by the significant optimization of Māori rates in the main foreign-seller business. In the first half of 2022, company sales increased by 0.95 percentage points in the same year.
The net interest rate was 11.37 per cent, an increase of 0.95 percentage points over the same period; in the second quarter alone, the net interest rate on corporate sales showed a recovery in the profitability of the company, mainly due to a reduction in installation maintenance and promotion costs, and an optimisation of sales costs by 2.45 percentage points over the same period.
Investment proposals: Companies are driven by science, technology and innovation, guaranteed by product quality, comprehensive and deeper reforms, accelerated intellectual transformation, based on the home power industry, steady diversification of new and emerging businesses, and continued high quality of the “market index” reference of the rating system, with a depth of 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.