GREED (000651) Household appliances with robust growth in main camps and accelerated profit-making and rehabilitation of South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: in 2022, H1 achieved $958.1 billion in revenues, an increase of 4.1 per cent in the same year; net profit returns to mothers 114.70 billion, an increase of 21.3 per cent in the same year; net profit deductions of $16.61 billion, an increase of 32 per cent in the same year. In the single quarter, q2 companies earned $60.270 billion, an increase of 3 per cent in the same year; net profit returns to mothers, the same amount, a decrease of $7.46 billion.
Over 24.1 per cent of growth, diversification of business has progressed steadily, with major players performing better than industry. In the first half of the year, in the context of recurrent epidemics, low consumption and high-level supply-chain tensions, companies have been able to deepen their reforms, nurture new industries and promote sustained revenue-earning performance.
The output shows that during the reporting period, the company air conditioner collected $68.75 billion, an increase of 5.2 per cent over the same period, and the domestic air conditioner sales fell by 15.3 per cent compared to the recurrent effects of the domestic epidemic (Ovienet data).
In the case of central air conditioning, the company’s output grew by 43% and its market share exceeded 30%. In the case of appliances, the company collected $2.18 billion, or 1.5% less, in the case of appliances during the reporting period. There was a slight decline in retail sales of appliances, but the market share was steadily optimized.
In addition, the company promoted diversification into upstream refrigeration components, smart equipment, new energy, etc. In the reporting period, industrial products, smart equipment, and green energy.
The company continues to promote diversification of power lines, and during the reporting period, it has expanded the Alibaba, Hardodo and other electric platform flagship shops; and has deepened its live feeder belts.
The use of cargo and social power providers has resulted in the completion of a live matrix of six major bases during the reporting period, covering the entire country with regularized live broadcasts from each base; the digitization and visualization of the entire supply chain and the acceleration of new retail transformations, which are now being piloted locally.
During the reporting period, the combined Māori rate for companies was 24.5%, an increase of 0.8 pp over the same period. The Māori rate was 25% for q2 and 1.6 pp for the same year and 1.3 pp for the same year. We believe that we have benefited from steady progress in the process of change in the channels, increased efficiency in the digital transformation of companies and accelerated recovery of the Māori rate.
By contrast, the cost of corporate sales was 5.1 per cent, a 2.4 per cent drop in the same year, and we assumed that it was mainly domestic consumption, with companies contracting out; administrative cost was 5.8 per cent, which was the same as the same; financial cost was -1 per cent, and profit forecasts and investment proposals.
4. Gravity appliances (000651). No direct or indirect compensation will not be obtained for, or for, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.