A robust growth in performance, with high overseas demand & high exchange rates building up a double profit 27/04 2022 Summary of events: A report issued by the company on 26/04/2022, and 22q1 operationalized on 26/04 2022
\triangleright has maintained a steady growth in performance during the quarter and overall meets expectations: at the collection level, the epidemic has resumed in the quarter
In a mixed context, companies actively coordinate logistics and production, guarantee stable delivery of orders, and achieve a revenue of 283 million yuan, an increase of 16.18 per cent over the same period, which is more than expected. The Māori rate is still at a certain rate in the first quarter, influenced by factors such as raw materials and rising labour costs, and the Māori rate is stable at 49.69 per cent.
We believe that the company’s Māori rate is expected to increase as the transition to Jiangxi Tianfu progresses smoothly, including further and sustained increases in postnatal success rates. In terms of cost, the increase in investment in public projects has led to a 0.55 pct increase in R&D costs.
High demand from overseas, building the core drivers of performance growth: since 2021, with the number of downstream overseas \trianglerights
In recent years, sales-level companies have developed a global web-based layout of sales for the United States, Hong Kong, China, Shenzhen and Wuhan, and production has now initiated the establishment of an overseas production base in South-East Asia, taking advantage of the global divide.
Divergent advantage with geography, deepening the global distribution of production resources to respond to the individualized needs of clients in different parts of the globe over the long term. Looking ahead, the megacapex, which is represented by meta, will continue to grow significantly throughout 2022, and is expected to further boost the overall demand for the upstream lightware product.
The exchange rate level has continued to rise against the renminbi in recent times, with strong performance and high-speed light engine growth for the start-up focus on the overseas filiation.
2. Mobil Communications (300394.sz) company review report: The project has entered mass production and the emerging business has been steadily advancing: the company's project “Focus 5g”
\triangleright resilient, waiting for a new business to rise and build the future of the new and the high-speed light engine of the data centre” is well under way and is now being transferred from small batches to bulk production.
Performance contributes positively. At the same time, product lines with 400-g, 800-g light modules and related products have been developed and delivered in batches, driven by high demand in downstream areas, and are expected to provide a significant increase in company performance. In the field of laser radar and medical testing outside the field of light communication, company-related light
Device products have also been sampled and produced in small batch trials, waiting for demand to be released and ready for the future. \triangleright solution provider, traditional no-source business strong, source-based business synergies with no-source business
Prominent platform attributes, companies grow strongly as the share of overseas income continues to rise, the high-speed light engine project achieves volume production on a scale and cross-cutting emerging business accelerates.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.