During the first quarter of the year, a steady growth in corporate operating income and profits was achieved, driven by a high-speed light engine driving a new growth in the future. 202,021 companies achieved operating revenues of $283 million, an increase of 16.18 per cent, and net return returns of $82.9 million, an increase of the same value.
The net cash flow of the activity was $119 million, an increase of 40.21 per cent over the previous year, and a positive return. In the wake of repeated outbreaks, the North Pole light power in Shenzhen had the effect of being cut off in the past quarter, and companies actively coordinated logistics and production, guaranteed stable delivery of orders, and achieved more robust overall business results.
The fall in interest rates on a year-on-year basis is mainly due to the rise in raw materials, labour costs and the rise in the share of income from active products in the top/lowest price of 52 weeks (the gross profit rate for active products is lower than the unsourced product line).
The increase in sales/management/research and development/financial costs, respectively, leads to increases in sales, finance and research and development costs, respectively; a significant reduction in business exchange activity, affected by the epidemic, results in a decrease in management costs.
New product lines continue to shift to a new factory in Jiangxi, the company continues to expand its workforce during the quarter, and new employees are expected to contribute from q2 when they are trained.
High-quality assets, such as Arctic photovoltaic, have a strong synergy with their original business at the production, R & D, and customer levels, with a shift to greater corporate cost-control capabilities, and there is still room for improvement in subsequent profitability. The demand for digital markets continues to grow, and the growth of high-speed light engine projects is expected to gradually emerge in the second half of the year.
According to Lightning, the global Ether Netlight module is expected to continue to grow by 23% in 2022, and Wirtschaftsprüfer (300394.sz) - market climate recovery, new product volumes and new markets have since maintained a 14% compound acceleration at 2022-2027.
The high-speed light engine project broke through with the big clients and led to the fast-track evaluation of communication -- 300394 -- major events: a scarce platform-type light plant in the country.
At the market end, companies actively move into new areas, such as overseas markets and laser radar, and medical testing, to lay a solid foundation for companies’ long-term development. Investment proposals: maintain profit forecasts, and maintain “buy-in” ratings.
Figure 1: Mobil communications operating income and increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 2: Mobil communications operating income and increase in single season (in billions, per cent) Figure 3: Mobil communications resulting in net profit and increase (in billions, per cent)
Figure 4: Mother ' s net profit and increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) for the single season of filiation communication: Māori rate of filiation, changes in net interest rates: Filiation four rates change
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence; author ' s previous, present or future absence of studies on the subject