The year 2021 was marked by a steady growth in performance, a new track, a step-by-step opening up the growth space, and events: the year 2021 was published by the Wirtschaftsprüfer, with income of $1.03 billion in 2021.
This represents an increase of 18.20 per cent, a net return of $306 million to the mother, an increase of 9.77 per cent for the same year, and a steady growth in performance, with a record high net profit of q4 to the mother: mainly driven by demand for light devices in the digital market and the company's acquisition of Arctic photovoltaic and foil precision, high-speed light engines.
The incremental increase in project output delivery led to a robust growth in the 2021 performance of Fertilde, where q4 achieved a net return profit of $93 million, an increase of 44.52 per cent over the same period, and a single-quarter net profit, a new high. Sub-products are subject to the cyclical wave of the construction of 5g base stations in the country.
The market demand for lightware products has not been reversed, with light-sourced devices achieving billions of yuan in 2021, an increase of 23.74% over the same period. For decades, Skyfu communications has focused on the production of core materials, devices and materials in the field of light communication devices, building up high-quality customers in the mainstream industry, both within and outside the country.
Long-term and stable strategic partnerships, coupled with strong R & D capabilities, rapid response service capabilities, and volume-based capacity, are the preferred suppliers for a wide range of mainstream clients in the industry, so we continue to see robust growth in the future performance of Skybil communications.
▪ Deep Farming Module Telecommunications and Digital Market Depth to open up new lanes to unleash industrial growth: On the market, driven by cloud computing and meta-cosm, global data centre-scale construction led by Wirtschaftsprüfer (300394); 2021
High-speed light modules, such as 400g/200g, continue to be released, while the high-speed light engine of the company's fund-raising project is being evaluated for its performance: the built-in logic continues to grow. Bulk deliveries were achieved in 2022 and will be used mainly for 400g/800g and more high-speed light.
In addition to the light communication industry, companies build up existing professional capabilities and actively organize track tracks such as laser mines and medical tests to provide customers with basic components and integrated packaged products.
In the field of Darfur, the company has set up a special sales team and a project team to follow up on the development of new energy autopilots in the telecommunications field in the city of Laser Radar.
Three-quarter review in 2021: little pressure from cost-side performance, downstream demand for better forecasts and investment ratings: based on current industry and corporate business data, we will
New areas have opened up new high-quality business growth points, integrated corporate competitive patterns and industry barriers.
The "buy-in" rating is maintained for the high-speed light engine construction project. Dong Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory board