Multi-dimensional innovation opens up new space, and companies continue to grow taller (300394), recommended (first time)
The current revenue is $283 million, representing an increase of 16.81 per cent in the same year; net profit on return to the mother is 83 million yuan, compared with Liang Bing Zhao, 18.20 per cent and net profit on return to the mother is 306 million yuan, an increase of 9.77 per cent in the same year.
Mostly by actively developing high-quality customers, both within and outside the country, and by building the global data centre size, the demand for lightware products continues to grow. As digital economic policies continue to work, the “East-West Count” is a tribute: Zhao Chung-hing
Construction is well under way, and demand in the ict capital market is expected to continue to grow, leading to a sustained increase in the value of the main products of the Focus Light Devices industry, and the growth of cross-cutting innovation, which has now developed into a leading light with multi-material, multi-processed, multi-tech capabilities.
Device Solutions. In 2021, the company successfully achieved volume production in the high-speed light induction project for 5 g and data centres, the continued profit growth contribution of Arctic photovoltaics and fine fibre optics companies, progress in new business and core product layouts, and sales revenue surges.
One billion clearances. Production of light devices increased by 78.8687 million during the year compared to the same period the previous year, or 23.72 per cent; sales increased by 5061.31 million, or 17.61 per cent, compared to the same period the previous year; real interest rates were 29.89 per cent, and companies were more profitable in mastering core technological processes.
At the same time, there is a deeper accumulation of technologies and processes, with a continuous expansion of the field of upstream and downstream laser radar and medical detection applications, with increased R & D investment around the basic capabilities of the optical device platform (R & D for the year amounted to $996.27 million, a 28.94 per cent increase), dedicated to promoting cross-cutting responses.
Research to model products for multiple clients in the areas of laser radar and medical testing has now led to some small-volume delivery. Companies are closely following market opportunities for technological upgrading in various fields and are expected to generate new high-quality business growth points in the cross-cutting application of optical devices platforms.
The country’s data centre industry, guided by the new capital policy, reached rapid growth in 2021.
High-speed growth, coupled with the far-reaching impact of double carbon and energy consumption controls on the data centre industry, and high-quality developments in the future of the industry, is expected to continue to grow steadily in demand for future data centre modules, while the light module rate will gradually move to 200g and 400g.
With 800g speeds, the company is expected to fully enjoy the benefits of the technology upgrades, with its client preference for dividends. The company uses existing technology platforms, expands the use of lightware products in laser mines, a laser radar market in the field of global driving support systems, and domestic drivers.
The aid system and unmanned laser radar are expected to be rapidly developing, and there are now more than 20 volume-car-type fixed-carsing laser radars around the world, and the mobile laser radar market is currently on its scale during the prenatal period, and the company laser radar-related products are breaking through and are expected to build a new growth curve.
In view of the company ' s future high growth trends, in conjunction with its performance in 2021, we give the company a strategy report for the Galaxy industry: focus on three main lines, meet the depth of the Milky Way industry: the business boom, 5g.
"Recommended" rating, multiple, 15.50 times. Industry depth: "East and West" continues to advance, and the luminous view of the network rises.
Shortfalls and price increases; risks of product expansion in new areas; eight years of experience in China’s mobile communications industry, five years of experience in securities practice, and five years of experience in the telecommunications industry (institutional investor ii-fiscal) during his tenure in the country, in 2018/2019, he personally undertook to present the present report independently and objectively, with a clear and accurate view of his research.
This is, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.