The market climate has recovered, new product volumes and new market openings have been dominated by a melody in 2021, where companies achieved a double growth in corporate operating income and profits. The company issued its annual report in 2021, generating $1.03 billion (18.2% over the same year) in full year 2021, resulting in a net profit of $310 million to the mother (compared with $310 million over the same year).
The year 2021 saw steady growth in several markets, with cyclical fluctuations in the telecommunications market, with increases mainly from external sales. The growth in corporate business income was largely due to the pull of global data centre size to demand for lightware products and the expansion of companies’ high-quality customers, both at home and abroad; and the company’s high-speed light engines.
Volume production, Arctic light power acquired in 2020, and the fineness of the foil have also contributed incrementally. Sub-markets show that the telecommunications market is subject to periodic fluctuations in the construction of 5g base stations in the country, and demand has stagnated, reflecting a 27% decline in revenues from light-source devices; the data centre market is the company’s main downstream application.
On the scene, demand continued to grow steadily, with revenue from bare-source devices remaining at a 24% rate. External sales increased by 62%, mainly from North America and Asia (excluding China), and revenue from domestic sales fell by 7.3%.
In the second half of the year, the industrial landscape rebounded, and production from the Arctic expansion and high-speed light engines progressed well. The annual corporate Māori rate and net interest rates fell by 3.12 pct. and 2.59 pct., with three major cost increases in R&D/sales/management, mainly due to the acquisition of the fine foil and Arctic light power in 2020.
Tables influence and increases in employee remuneration. Among these, research and development inputs are directed mainly at high-speed light engines, high-speed light modules with zero components, and 5g with mwdm tosa devices. Companies acquire assets with greater synergy at the production, R & D and customer levels, and new product lines are transferred to Jiangxi base.
Mobil Communications -- 300394-2021: A significant improvement in performance, expansion of production to take advantage of the company ' s cost-control capabilities, and there is still room for improvement in subsequent profitability.
Looking forward to 2022, it is the melody of raising product line markets and opening up new customers.
Progress;3 Arctic photovoltaic expansion in the Jiangxi plant is expected to maximize synergies.4 New areas such as the development of a highly sophisticated laser radar, medical testing, etc., provide a product base for companies’ long-term development. Investment advice: maintain profit forecasts, and maintain a “buy-in” rating.
Figure 1: Mobil communications operating income and increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 2: Mobil communications operating income and increase in single season (in billions, per cent) Figure 3: Mobil communications resulting in net profit and increase (in billions, per cent)
Figure 4: Mother ' s net profit and increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) for the single season of filiation communication: Māori rate of filiation, changes in net interest rates: Filiation four rates change
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence; author ' s previous, present or future absence of studies on the subject