Performance is strong, high-speed light engines are active to build a second growth curve. \triangleright \triangleright \
Realization of net non-mortality profit of $277 million, an increase of 6.13 per cent over the same period. For the single quarter, 21q4 achieved a total of $1 billion, an increase of 4.451 per cent and a 24.32 per cent rise in the ring. Without fear of fluctuations in the demand of the telecommunications market, the demand of the digital market provided strong support for performance: telecommunications in 2021
The \triangleright market has fluctuated from the construction of 5g base stations in the country, leading to a decline of 27.06% in revenue from the company’s sourcery business. In 2021, the company continued to realize a net return on revenues and returns.
On the basis of the growth of 18.20% and 9.77%, thanks mainly to the growth in demand for lightware products driven by the company’s active development of niche customers, both within and outside the country, as well as the build-up of a global data centre. On this basis, the company’s high-speed light engine successfully achieved its mass production, and the Arctic PV and Tianfu, acquired in 2020, were sophisticated and also profitable.
With a high market profile, firms have been very effective in accelerating their overseas deployment: the main driver of company performance growth in \triangleright 2021, and at the industry level, since the second quarter of last year.
As Meta, Microsoft, and others announced their march into the universe in 2021, cloud giants are expected to open a new round of capital spending competitions on the infrastructure side, hopefully to boost the demand for upstream lightware products as a whole. At the firm level, in order to better respond to the needs of customers overseas, companies have continued to deepen themselves in recent years.
The global layout of operations. The research and development dimension continues to grow in Japan and the United States of America. Production capacity is further seeking to complement the strengths of foreign regions and build production bases in South-East Asia. Sales levels form the global net distribution of sales branches in the United States, Hong Kong, Shenzhen, and Wuhan.
1. Wirtschaftsprüfer (300394.sz)
Resilient, waiting for the rise of new business to build new ones in the future, which combines sophisticated microoptic components, precision mechanical components, separators, light-wave conductors, etc., on the basis of high-speed firing chips and receiving chip encapsulations, to achieve parallel light signal transmissions and receptions along one or more routes.
The downstream light module industry has gradually begun to enter the 800g and silicon light era, which will generate a large supply of high-speed light engines, which are expected to become the mainstream development direction for the industry in the future. The company’s operations in the high-speed light engine are progressing rapidly, providing light engine products for 400g/800g modules, and is now moving from small batches to bulk.
Volume production, driven in the future by high demand in downstream areas, is expected to create a second-growth curve for companies. \triangleright solution provider, traditional unsourced business is strong, source-based business is synergized with non-sourced device business
Prominent platform attributes are expected to open up future growth space for companies as the high-speed light engine project achieves mass production and the acceleration of emerging cross-cutting business. Maintains the `recommended' rating. \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.