The first quarter of 2022 reported a steady growth in performance, a new track, a free space for industrial growth, an event: the company ' s first quarter report of 2022 achieved an overall operating income of 283 million yuan, compared to the previous year.
16.18 per cent increase; net return to mothers increased by 18.09 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with steady delivery of purchase orders during the first quarter and steady growth of revenue: at the income end, companies actively coordinated logistics and production during the epidemic, guaranteed stable delivery of orders and achieved a growth rate of corporate recovery
Among them, demand in the telecommunications market is weak, demand in the digital market continues to grow steadily in lightware products due to growing flows. Laser radar plates are currently in the lead-up to the research and development pilot phase, with no significant impact on the company’s performance. In terms of net interest rate levels,
In addition to the same business-cost impact of sales growth, the rise in raw materials, labour costs, and product structure have led to an increase in overall cost ratios.  Three cost controls are relatively reasonable, increasing R & D inputs and reinforcing core technological advantages: costs
At the end of the day, sales costs increased by 20.12 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the first quarter of 22 years, mainly due to the significant reduction in commercial communications due to the epidemic, at a cost of 6.04 per cent; from the cost, Communications (300394); 2021
At the end of the spectrum, the increase in sales costs reflects the growth of the company's overall production and sales during the quarter.
R & D costs of 269.208 million yuan a year, an increase of 23.29 per cent, ring growth of 52.34 per cent, representing 9.52 per cent of operating income, and the continued increase in the amount of R & D inputs for the enhancement of core technologies in communications in the sky; the introduction of deep-farming modules in telecommunications and digital access to markets; and the opening of new lanes to release industrial growth space: telecommunications
Quick Performance Review: The built-in logic continues to grow in the market, where the domestic 5g demand is expected to warm up gradually. Markets run through, company high speed light long, q4 outperforms expectations.
The engine project achieved bulk delivery last year for 400g/800g and higher-speed digital light modules. In addition, new areas such as the development of laser radar, medical testing, etc., will bring new sales growth points.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: the telecommunications and digital markets of the company ' s deep-farming telecommunications industry, with a tri-quarter evaluation in 2021: new areas of operations such as cost-based radar, medical tests, etc., we expect to have an eps score in 2022-2024
We keep looking at the foil, and we keep up with the “buy-in” ratings.
Three financial forecasts for Tianfu Communications.