Sino-micro (688012): The etching technology does not break through, and the national production replaces the main line, is a high-end semiconductor microprocessor.
The year's Māori rate is 34.9% - 0.6 pct, net interest rate is 9.7%, compared to +4.2 pct. Deep-ploughed chip manufacturing etching is a leading business in our integrated circuit setting industry. Companies focus on integrated circuits,
The company is already leading the country in the area of corrosion. Of these, the ccp corrosion machine has been released and major led critical equipment is being manufactured. The volume should be applied to the 64th floor of the 3dnand production line and enter the most advanced 5nm logic line in the world; icp
Critical matters for the next 3-6 months: The corrosion machine has been certified by some customers and will continue to be released in the future. At the same time, the company's technology is still in progress and is expected to cover 128 floors of 3dnand, 1 x nanodram and 7nm further.
The short-term pressure of the mocvd operation does not affect the company’s long-term performance. First, the market size of the movcd market is not large relative to the corrosion market, and there is limited space for further domestic substitution: second,
The impact of mocvd equipment on the company’s performance will diminish in the future as the sales of corrosion products increase. The short-term downside of macroeconomics will not affect the company’s long-term development.
First, there has been no change in the trend of replacing the national production of the storage chip with the national production of the semiconductor equipment. The 64-storey 3dnand from the domestic stock of the Dragonhead River is in an orderly process, and 128-storey 3dnand has been developed.
By the end of the year, it is expected that MSMEs, as suppliers of core equipment, will continue to raise the winning rate and increase market share. Second, the memory is in the reverse-cycle investment industry, and the short-term macroeconomic downturn will not affect the growth in savings spending on the Yangtze River.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: While the short-term growth in company performance may be influenced by the led market climate and the macroeconomic downturn, the long-term trend of subconductor national production substitution has not changed.
Wuty@dxzq.net.cn The Source of Eastern Finance and Sino-micro Corporation (688012): Breaking technology, national production replacement is the main line.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the Liu Hui Shae
Liu Jingji, University of Texas, Dallas, United States of America, Simulation/Radio-frequency chip design. Used to be a microchip design engineer for the U.S.S.C. and Purple countries. 2 years of securities experience, joined East Hing securities in 19 years.
Master of Science in Finance, Graduated from Harbin University of Industry, Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, formerly employed as a nuclear power engineer at the Central and Guang Nuclear Group, 2019, joined East Hing Securities for research in the electronics industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.