Information technology semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment corrosion of plating membrane with two wings and national production replacement in due course Event: China Micro published a report in the first quarter of 2020 showing that it was operational in the first quarter of 2020
As the most complex system in the manufacture of plasma etching equipment in addition to light machines, after decades of competition in the market, there are now three monopolistic patterns of amat, lam, and tel.
Its corrosion equipment has now entered several steps of the international top 5 nm logic circuit, 64 floor 3d hand line, representing the highest level of national production equipment. At a time when the need for semiconductor national production is most pressing, the company's share is growing as the Yangtze is stored as a representative domestic manufacturer's capital expenditure continues to grow.
icp, ccp, step-by-step, corrosion of machine-types. In ic etching devices, the working principles and application scenarios vary according to the total market value/flow (millions of dollars) and can be divided into icp etchings and ccp etchings, each of them.
The highest/minimum 12-month application scenario accounts for almost 50% of each application. The corrosion equipment developed by the company since 2004 is now widely used in media etchings such as nitrogen and oxides, which were launched in 2012.
The icp etching device in the initial layout has now been implemented in several logical and storage plants and is moving forward with the next generation of product development. As the catalogue of products continues to evolve, companies have the prospect of covering more etching links, such as single-silicon, multi-silicon, Damascus, etc.
Mini, the UV Blue Sea has surfaced, and mocvd has had a chance again. Since its inception in 2010, the company mocvd has become the mainstream option for the production of led blue light, breaking the monopolistic patterns of Veeco, aixtron.
In 2019, while the company continued its blue light mocvd advantage, it actively developed its miniled production equipment, and its uvled equipment was successfully certified.
The size of the site is expected to increase from $242 million in 2018 to $1,339 million in 2023, with a 41 per cent annual compound growth rate, and the demand for disinfection resulting from the new crown epidemic in 2020 is expected to accelerate this process. Thus, rapidly growing emerging markets such as Mini UV will be delivered to the public.
Profit predictions and investment ratings: increase ratings. Companies, as semiconductor equipment, are home-grown geese whose etching equipment is not only at the highest domestic level, but is in the hands of first-line customers around the world.
And in the mocvd market, with less than 10 corrosive plating membrane wings and national production replacing the right year, the radiant transformation from the corner to the main player is taking place. As the play of the Middle East is growing more and more.
Combination, accelerated localization of semiconductor equipment, and high domestic construction demand, will allow companies to carve corrosion equipment to repeat their mocvd’s rise path. The expected return is expected to occur in 2020-2022. 3) Led market demand is not as high as expected; 4) market expansion is not as high as expected; 5) the new crown epidemic is too advanced.
In the right time, we'll be able to replace the national product with the plating of two wings.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.