It's a high-end semiconductor microprocessor company, deep-dry chip manufacturing etching, our integrated circuits.
The short-term pressure on the company’s operations does not affect the company’s long-term performance. In contrast to the corrosion market, the industry’s leading business. The company’s focus on integrated circuits, the market size of the movcd market is not large, and there is limited space for further domestic substitution; mocvd
The manufacturing of led key equipment has a lower Māori ratio than the carving machine and a smaller contribution to profit. In the future, as the sales of corrosion products increase, the impact of mocvd equipment on the company’s performance will diminish.
The non-deficit may be due to the weightier mocvd business load, which is superimposed by the traditional low season, and the company is already in the lead in the etching field. Of this, the ccp etching machine has already been released, and is heavily applied to the 64th floor of the 3dnand production line and into the most advanced 5nm logic in the world.
Lines; icp etching machines have been certified by some customers and will continue to be released in the future. At the same time, the company’s technology continues to break through and is expected to cover further key processes in 128 floors of 3dnand, 1 x nanodram, and less than 7nm for logical subworking.
In the area of semiconductor equipment, the company is still in a catch-up position, with the dividends of engineers and clear technological pathways leading to high R & D efficiency.
Companies’ profitability projections and investment ratings: while the short-term growth in corporate performance may be influenced by the eed market climate and the macroeconomic downturn, the long-term trend of semiconductor state production substitution has not changed.
Wuty@dxzq.net.cn The Source of Eastern Finance and Sino-micro Corporation (688012): R & D continues to add codes and technology breaks out to assist national production.
The source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, and the Chinese company, 688012: R & D continues to add up, and technology breakthroughs help replace national production.
Liu Huixia Liu Xiaoji, Dallas State University, Texas, modeling/radio frequency chip design directions. Used to be an engineer in the design of microchips in China, China, China, and Purple.
2 years of experience in securities practice and 19 years of participation in the East Hing securities programme: Master of Studies in Finance, Graduated from Harbin Industrial University, graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, formerly employed as a nuclear power engineer at the Middle and Guang Nuclear Group, 2019
Add to the ESP a study of the electronics industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.