Performance grew steadily, with semiconductor equipment meeting national production opportunities On 17/04 2020, the net gain was $189 million (+107.51 per cent of the year) or $148 million (+41.48 per cent of the year).
1) In 2019, the company managed to achieve nearly 20% growth in its income against a background of global semiconductor equipment and led equipment, and we believe that the overall increase is in line with expectations. In sub-operations, earmarked shares that account for non-recurring gains and losses amounted to $102 million per year, with no such costs in the current period.
In addition, the 19-year increase in R & D costs has led to a reduction in income tax costs for the current period.) According to the China International Tender Network, since 2020, the company has been the first to store nine etching devices (cumulatively 17 per cent) and two etching devices (cumulatively significant) in Wally.
13%) 3 devices for the Huailong semiconductor (cumulative market rate of 21%), and accelerated bidding for the downstream crystal circle plant will give companies an opportunity to nationalize.
1) The Māori ratio of the main business in 2019 was 34.93 per cent, compared to 0.57 pct, which remained stable overall. Investment in R&D has continued to grow and new equipment development has steadily advanced.In 2019, corporate R&D spending amounted to $425 million, or 22 per cent of operating income;
1) Logical integrated circuit manufacturing: Corporate etching equipment has been used on the chip production line of an internationally known client, 65nm to 7nm: 5nm etching equipment has also been developed for a number of critical stages of processing and has obtained bulk orders from industry leading customers.
2) 3dnand chip manufacturing: The company ccp etching equipment can be used for volume production on the 64th floor, while a new generation of corrosion equipment and processes capable of covering 128 layers of critical etching applications and the corresponding very high width.
3)icp etching equipment: already produced on the production lines of multiple logical chips and storage chip manufacturers, and technological development of next generation products to meet the cpcd of products such as logical chips under 7 nanometres, dram chips under 1 x nanometer and 3dnand chips above 128 layers
Erosion of demand and development of high-yielding icp etching equipment.  Intensive bidding for indigenous crystal mills provides a national production opportunity, downstream process upgrades lead to more equipment space. 1) The competitive bidding for storage of the Yangtze River has accelerated since 2020, and 64 floors of 3dnand are now produced autonomously
The goal of 100,000 a month a year has been achieved; in addition to the intensive campaign launched since March by the Chinese Integration: all of them have a high share of it. We believe that the intense bidding of downstream crystalry mills will provide the public with a great opportunity to nationalize.
2) As the number of layers of 3dnand has increased and the width of the integrated circuit has been reduced, the manufacturing process requires repeated steps in the sedimentation and etching process, which means that additional etching equipment is required for a single production line, triggering additional corrosion equipment requirements.
1. China Micro Company (688012): National semiconductor equipment tap, core equipment medium etching process, currently produced by company icp equipment, which is expected to further upgrade the etching process
Import Substitution Strengths 2019-07-05 Arts coverage to increase competitiveness of etching operations. 1 billion, or 304/220 times more, of pe; companies are the only global dragons entering the crystallized manufacturing chain.
A national manufacturer of equipment in the first-round supply chain, with an advanced technology level of 5 nm, enjoys an estimated premium and gives the first “enhanced” rating.
"""
"""
"""
"""
" Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board