The Sini Mountain Signals are all over the world, and the Great Sea Group (002311.sz) is processing feed.
The market share of the company's feed business has further increased by about 12 per cent over the same period, exceeding the industry's growth rate of 7 per cent, with a quarterly operating income of $29,378.3 million, an increase of 11.4 per cent over the same period, attributable to a net profit of 69,227 million tons (including the consumption of 830,000 tons of domestic farming).
The market share has increased further. Forage sales revenue of $42,704.82 million, a year-on-year increase due to the postponement of Peru’s new season fishing policy, the suspension of a season fishing and the continued decline in fish and powder stocks, the highest/minimum in the year:
Prices of fish powder from upstream feed have risen significantly since the beginning of the year, in addition to other animal protein chicken meat powder, circulation a/total equity (billions): animal feed has performed better than aqueous feed. (1) Although prices for raw pigs have been on the cost line since the first half of the year.
Below, but due to the high levels of pig stocks, which boost demand for pig feed, the company increased the demand for pig feed by about 22 per cent in the first half of 2023; and (2) as the downstream poultry industry recovered from the bottom of the valley, the stocking increased gradually, and the stocking increased markedly, with the company ' s poultry during the first half of the year.
Outgrowers grew by about 1% over the same year, with the specials sales increasing by about 19% over the same year, single-ton profits rising steadily and yielding a double gain. The main reason for the increase in aquatic materials is that the company's sales dropped by 19% in the first half of the year.
Aquaculture in general has a high stock of ponds in the first half of the year, with the slow decolonization of fish stocks, persistent low prices in the first half of the year, which has had a significant impact on the incentives of farmers to feed and the speed of seeding. Moreover, in order to make markets more visible, team-based and better developed in partnership with quality distributors, the public has been encouraged to work together.
Chen Jinzhi Division adjusted the competitive model within the national aquatic feed core market, which also led to a phased short-term \triangleright
Operating income of $731 million, of which operating income from shrimp seedlings increased by about 25 per cent and the Māori rate by about 3 per cent over the same period.The company's competitive adjustment of the national core market for aqueous feed in the first half of 2023 was accompanied by a restructuring of some of the Aquatic insurance distribution channels to generate an overall operating income of 608 million yuan.
It's more or less equal. It's more or less higher in the first half of the year because of product upgrades, lower costs for chemical raw materials, and the elimination of partially ineffective, low Māori distribution channels.
During the first half of the year, operating income was 675 million yuan, of which raw fish farming generated operating income of about 431 million yuan, which was affected by the low prices of raw fish since the beginning of the year, and the net shareholdings of listed companies.
\triangleright downstream cycle trends such as anti-thorium, we think the feed industry was either better in 2023 than in 2022: at the same time, industry integration continued to advance, and market shares were expected to be further head-to-head; company 2023
(b) The company's current stock price is at the bottom of its history for the 2023 valuation. Given that the price of upstream fish and powder raw materials has increased more than previously anticipated since this year, we expect that the price of fish and flour will be higher than expected.
\triangleright sales are lower than expected, and prices of raw materials, such as fish powder and corn beans, are less risky. Reasonable. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.