The growth in income has been sustained, and the Māori Ring has improved.
The revenue of the o2 company continued to grow, with a slight downswing in performance. The sales of the 23h1 company for fodder, motor protection products, poultry sales increased significantly, with a double increase in the volume of special aquatic products. The sales of the 23h1 company for fodder were 1,087 million tons (of which the volume of external sales was 1.04 million tons), compared to +12 per cent, with a further increase in the city ' s share;
The ratio is +8%, +22%, and +1%. The company’s poultry output is double up, largely thanks to the recovery of the poultry industry chain from the bottom of the extended loss cycle, with the company taking advantage of its technology to capture its share of the market. The company’s pigs focus is on developing family farms and sizes that have a strong farming edge, and see first.
Outcomes. With regard to aquatic materials, the structure of the company ' s products is clearly optimized, with special aquatic materials increasing by +19 per cent, with a steady increase in single-ton profits, mainly as a result of a strong product and a well-developed service system; and sales of generic water materials are equal to ~19 per cent, mainly influenced by a low level of activity.
In the first half of the year, the pig price was very low. The company's constant focus was on building its own breeding system, with many indicators such as survival, farm productivity, etc. at the forefront of the industry. Considering that pigs have been living since late July of 23rd year,
In the area of aquaculture, h1 companies achieved revenues of 675 million yuan, of which raw fish farming generated revenues of about 431 million yuan, contributing to the mother’s net profits of about -150 million to -170 million yuan. The company appointed reasonable farming planning and upgrading of the raw fish market.
• To reduce the risk of farming by circulating business and prefabricated vegetable processing capacity, supported by existing systems, and to increase the scale of shrimp farming as appropriate;
But considering the risk of h1 pigs; the risk of volatile prices of raw pigs; the risk of policy change, etc. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
Has been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.