China Group (002311.sz) 2023 semi-annual review: 2023h1 battalion revenue and net profit are growing at the same rate, feed, farming, dynamic security, multiple seedling operations are growing steadily
Agriculture, forestry, fisheries, fodder, and the net profits of the 2023h1 battalion have increased markedly on a year-on-year basis. The company’s 2023h1 battalion has increased significantly in terms of revenue and performance over the same year +13.84%. The demand for avian fodder, such as ducks, eggs, etc., has recovered markedly.
Thanks to the continuous improvement in the cash flow of the industrial chain and the increased motivation of the farm feeders; the need for a more stable pig feed as a whole, with high-quality farmers still operating normally with a competitive advantage; and the decline in the demand for aquatic feed, mainly due to the larger decomposition of stocks and fish powder at the beginning of the year.
Material prices have soared that they impose greater cost pressures on the aquaculture feed industry. In a large environment of volatile farm production and less than expected end consumption, firms have continued to improve their farm costs through competitive advantages, and the competitiveness of feed and dynamic products has been further enhanced, with a marked improvement in the performance of 2023h1 on a year-on-year basis.
Forage markets have risen steadily, and sales of the entire product line have increased on an equal basis. Companies have experienced a sudden increase in the volume of feed sales, with a volume of 2023h1 feed sales of about 10,87 million tons (including nutrients of 830,000 tons), a reverse trend of about 12 per cent, accounting for the total national industrial feed in 2022.
Companies continue to invest more in the production capacity of feed operations, confident that they will achieve their strategic goal of 40 million tons of annual feed sales in the future. The indicators for farm farming are excellent, and other farming chains such as conservation, seedlings, etc. are well developed.
With the expansion of downstream farming on a professional basis, 2023h1 out of about 2.2 million pigs, measured yield advantages are significant, indicators such as survival rates, farm efficiency are at the forefront of the industry, and future feed-end research and development and scale advantages are expected to emerge further.
The annual and 20231 battalion net gains were equal to the same rate, with special water products such as feed, farming, conservation, stockfish and prawns receiving approximately $675 million from 20231 battalion. Corporate industrialization is expected to increase the same year after adjustment for the parent gain for the period 2022 to the Big Sea Group (002311.sz)
The Shrimp Farming Project has steadily landed and is expected to become a new growth point in the company ' s operations through plant-chemical scientific design, recycling water systems, biological bait technology and strict biocontrol, with the advantages of safe, manageable and stable quality of traditional farming models.
In the mid-2022 report, the q2 net profit margin investment proposal is to maintain the “buy-in” rating. The company is expected to be a benchmark in the agro-pastoral sector, where demand for avian feed, such as a long-term 2023h1 duck, eggs and poultry, is clearly warming, thanks to continued improvements in cash flow in the industrial chain, and farming.
The household feed column has increased its motivation; the overall demand for pig feed has stabilized, and high-quality farmers have remained active with a competitive advantage; the demand for aqueous feed has declined, mainly due to higher inventory decolonization pressures in aquaculture at the beginning of the year, resulting in generally low aquatic prices and the use of controls by farmers to compress costs, while animal proteins, such as fish powder, have remained active.
Prices have risen sharply, placing greater cost pressures on the aquaculture feed industry. In a large environment of volatile farm production, less than expected end consumption, firms have achieved sustained improvements in farm costs through competitive advantages, and the competitiveness of feed and dynamic conservation products has been further enhanced, with a marked improvement in the performance of 202h1 on a year-on-year basis.
Figure 2: Large groups of countries operating on a single-season basis and increasing (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 3: Large groups net gain and increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 4: Large groups net profit and increase (in billions, per cent)
There has been a steady increase in feed-farming, seedlings, mobile security, and so on. By branch, the public feed business has performed well, and there has been a steady expansion in the volume of feed sales, with 2023h1 feed sales of about 10,87 million tons (including 830,000 tons of farm-based self-use), a reverse trend of about 12%, representing a share of the total national industrial feed production in 2022.
A total of 7.28%, compared to 7.16% in the year 2022, is a further significant increase. Of this, investments in aquatic feed/fowl feed/manufacturing capacity are confident that the strategic target of 40 million tonnes of annual feed sales will be achieved in the future.
The company has a total of about 2.2 million pigs, it has continued to focus on capacity-building of pig-breeding teams and the development of its own breeding system, further upgrading of team management and professional capacity, and a number of indicators such as survival rates, farm productivity, etc. are at the forefront of the industry, and the advantages of future feed end research and development and scale are further evident.
The Department ' s main farming varieties are special water products such as raw fish, prawns, etc., which generate about $675 million in operating income for 2023h1, of which the company ' s industrial shrimp farming project has been steadily landing, and the industrial shrimp farming model is safe compared to traditional farming patterns through industrial science, design, recycling of water systems, biological bait technology and strict biocontrol.
In the future, companies will continue to focus on water products that have an overall advantage and that can be controlled by the risks of breeding, and will operate with quality feed-seeds, precision management, and specialization to scale up farming, building on the team’s professional skills.
There is a comprehensive development of insurance, seedlings and other farming chain operations. 2023h1 companies have achieved a similar level of income of $608 million, based on a combination of the company’s inherent skills, products, research and development in the aquaculture chain, supported by a well-developed service system and mature farming programmes, with strong capabilities.
Market competitiveness and excellent market reputations: Animal protection products are also captured through the livestock protection service station, which continuously enhances customer stickyness and achieves better development. The number of animal protection service stations is now at an early stage. With some experience gained, the company plans to optimize and explore the business services system of the livestock protection service station.
2023h1 company seedlings achieved revenue of $731 million, of which shrimp seedlings showed outstanding performance, with a 25% increase in revenue and a 3% increase in Māori. The company ' s core technological advantage in the field of aquatic seedlings is clear and self-evident.
Major research and development has developed new aquatic varieties in five countries, such as Vannabin and the "Break Farm 2" and the "Balds" , and the company has formed a high-level breeding team centred on “cooperative experts + doctor + master + professional technicians” with global leadership in shrimp seedlings and freshwater seedlings development techniques, and has taken the lead in building a breeding ground.
The commercialized system of seedlings, shrimp seedlings and fish seedlings are among the world’s top annual sales and market effects are evident. The Division’s aquaculture seedling operations are expected to continue to develop in tandem with other operations, such as feed, kinetic protection, etc.
Figure 6: Large-scale sub-business growth (%) Sales costs increased slightly, mainly as a result of the expansion in the size of the company’s operations, the increase in its staff, the increase in its remuneration level and the increase in the cost of extension services. However, the company values the efficiency of the organization’s management, making full use of the middle-level management advantages.
The four-tier management model “Procurement + R & D + Marketing + Production” has been constructed to ensure rapid intra-firm connectivity, to raise market leverage, and to introduce a three-tier R & D system that ensures forward-looking, sustainable export and rapid transformation of technology results that maximizes managerial and R & D efficiency gains.
Sustained investment is expected to be a central driver of growth in corporate performance. In addition, in 2022, the company developed its first future award involving a total of 4083 people with incentives, and is expected to fully mobilize team motivation from the top down.
Figure 7: Māori and net interest rates split by big groups (%) Investment proposal: company management has significant advantages, focusing on the 1 trillion markets from the field to the table, on the basis of professionalization, and the company is expected to become the standard for the farming industry.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject