The company is a collector of research and development, production and marketing of aquatic feed.
Combined animal feed and aquatic feed and healthy farming (including 830,000 tons of inward sales) increased by 12 per cent in the same year, with aquaculture growing by +1 per cent in the same year, the product structure being a high-tech company in the main business, the core business
Continuous optimization, with a 19 per cent increase in special-water off-sales sales compared to the previous year, is influenced by the low levels of industry, which are water feed, seedlings, and dynamic conservation products. Companies have already achieved production in priority aquaculture areas throughout the country.
Slippering; poultry growth + 8%; companies taking advantage of the recovery of the poultry industry to take full advantage of the technology to capture the market share; pig material growth + 22%; companies using specialized services to open up family farms and size field customers; market promotion is showing first results. For profit, company feed during the reporting period.
The price of beans and fish powder is still high, and the cost advantage is expected to help companies to continue to raise their share of the industry as a feed leader in formulation technology, professional procurement, and in-house operation.
In 23h1, the company’s seedlings generated $731 million in operating income, of which the technological advantages of shrimp seedlings were evident, they accumulated a good market reputation and user base, with an income rise of 25% over the same year, and fish seedlings made breakthroughs in a variety of species.
The company’s dynamic and seedling operations, as an important contribution to the feed business, help clients achieve better farming benefits by providing them with market-scarce seed varieties and farm-raising solutions.
Farming affects performance and professional development. Company 23H1 achieves 2.2 million live pigs, income of $4.517 billion, and special water products such as raw fish and prawns, yielding $675 million, but the company lost 2.6-2.8 due to the industry loss in pig farming and the low level of interest in shrimp fish.
The company’s ability to specialize in farming has been continuously increased, with an effective increase in the total equity/flowa share (in thousands) in the service capacity of the feed business and a steady expansion on a professional basis.
The company's earnings projections and investment ratings: we believe that the company is expected to continue to raise the market share of the feed business with clear product strength and combined services, and to support the effective support of the seed protection and farming operations.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East, the Sea Group (002311): The feeder industry is sound, the breeding industry influences performance, the source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the Sea Group (002311), the feeder industry is strong and the farm industry influences performance.
Xingxim, breeding, feed, pet food, etc. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my pay has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.