q1 was slightly over-expected, looking forward to the outcome of the reform of the channel - the incident evaluation report of the five grain fluids (000858.sz) issued on 25 April 2025, the annual report 2024 and the first quarter of 2025.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn q1 performed slightly more than expected, sales returns performed better and q1 performed slightly more than expected throughout the year.
In 2024, the net cash flow/distribution grew in the main brand of multi-product lines, and other alcohol products created large monoliths 1, Five Grains (000858): marketing execution.
In the wake of the revival, the King of the Liquor has looked forward to the price stabilization of the eighth-generation five-generation food products from 2024 to 2024, while at the same time at 45 degrees and 68 degrees.
For other products, the increase in the average price is the main driving force behind the growth of the harvest, the headlines, the cutting-edge single item, and the acceleration of 1218 high-end monolithics.
• Growth is robust in the east and south, increasing profitability in the north, according to the sub-regions, with a separate harvest in the east/south/northern sector in 2024. By the end of 2024, the number of distributioners of the five grain fluids/five grains was different.
2652/1059, representing an increase of 82/245 in the same year. In 2024, there were 16,000 new core end-points, with the construction of a direct-line “three-storey” with a clear record of success, with more than 1,700 special-purpose stores and a full-scale layout of the new-channel content power vendor.
We appreciate the firm’s determination to maintain the price system, its confidence in the channel is being restored, and the return to public brand value is accelerating. We expect the company’s macroeconomic downside risks in 2025-2027, the growth of the season less than expected, and the price of the batch less than expected.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
One unit base, seeking medium- and long-term equity opportunities, is good at capturing short- and medium-term potential; thinking hard about white wine, and deep-market thinking and insight into su wine, sub-high white wine and soft drinks.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific advice or opinion in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.