Marketing landings, high-quality advance events: company annual reports 2024 and quarterly reports 2025. In 2024, company harvests of five grains (000858.sz)
In the context of industry adjustment, firms lower price premiums. Given the depth adjustment period for the white wine industry, increased volatility in production and increased stock competition, companies took the initiative in the second half of the year to match demand changes in order to stabilize the price of the eighth-dip-five market and secure profit margins, and companies did not complete double digits throughout the year.
Growth planning. 24q4, the company collected $21.26 billion, or +2.53 per cent, and net profit returns of $6.92 billion, or ~6.17 per cent, mainly because the company was active in responding to market changes, increasing the channels for building, team-building, consumer nurturing inputs, concentrating returns at the end of the year and selling at the same cost.
The price increases and the fragrances continue to focus on high-middle-priced products, with a turnover tax rate of the same - 0.43 ptt, a sales rate of the same +2.63 pt, and a net home country interest rate of the same – 0.56 ptt. Multi-wheel driven growth of the VF brand, and a series of liquors that continue to focus on high prices in 2024.
Liquor income is 83.27 billion yuan, or +8.74%. Of this amount, 15 grains and liquid products earn 678.75 degrees, 68 degrees, and the strategy is to publish a series of classic five-food fluids 10, 20, 30 and 50 products, with the new Golden Panda souvenirs, archaeology five-food fluids and other cultural wines, which continue to enrich and expand the distribution of different products.
2 Other alcohol products earn 15.51 billion yuan, compared to +11.79 per cent, and the strong fragrance company continues to focus on medium- and high-priced products, resulting in a decrease in sales of low-priced products. In addition, plastics, five grain fluids (000858.sz):
Non-alcoholic businesses such as materials, printing, bottles, etc. earned $6,048 million, i.e., 11.38 per cent, Māori ratio, emphasis on brand advantage -1.0 pct - 6.2 per cent, mainly due to external macroeconomics, reduced output in the white industry, etc.
Five grain fluids (000858.sz): The change sign is prominent, setting up a marketing enforcement year, establishing a vertical control system and accelerating marketing reforms. Companies will deepen marketing reforms, with 27
The marketing area is integrated into the north and the south. The three main regions in the east have a vertical control system for “Headquarters - Regional Centers - End of Five Grains (000858.sz): the end of the season.” In 2024, the Eastern, Southern and Northern Sectors received $31.29 billion, respectively.
+5.99 per cent, +12.89 per cent. At the end of the year, there were 2,652 food and fluid distributors, a net increase over the year, with 82 (of which 74 in the east, 15 in the south and 23 in the north); 1,059 liquor dealers, a net increase of 245 over the year; and 1,786 specialized stores, a net increase of 124 over the year.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd., optimizes the quota allocation mechanism and furthers the development of channels.
In Beijing, in Beijing, in the city's west-town area, the Golden House, No. 127 West Avenue, at the price plate of Pou-Fu, the company was conducting stoppages, quota reductions, etc., and more than 30 distributors joined forces to set up two platform companies to complete the second fraction of the reduction through group purchasing and direct control terminals.
Based on the current state of the macro-environment and industrial cycle adjustment, the company ' s main development objectives for 2025 are: to consolidate and enhance sound development, to promote both brand values and market shares, and to align total operating income with macroeconomic indicators. 25q1, the company collected $36,944 million, a year-on-year ratio.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We believe that the more the industry adjusts, the more advantage \triangleright will be, the more competitive stock markets will be concentrated towards the head.
Achieving a smooth recovery in the price of the eighth-dip-five would help to consolidate solidarity with the distributors, with the following risk factors: the impact of a weak recovery in consumption; increased competition in the industry; and food safety risks.
In addition, it covers dairy products (in-depth study of the Iri stock, the Montagnard milk industry, the Lancrete milk industry, the Bounty milk industry) and food additives (in-depth study of the Bronze Garden, Ka Byoyo).
Chiu Dan morning, Master of Economics, graduated from the Faculty of Economics of Xiamen University.
Wang Xueqing, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. in Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering the beer (in-depth study of Chinese wine, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer) and beverages (in-depth study of farmers’ springs) industries. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.