+5.3 per cent, total profit + 7.8 per cent, five grains + Liu Lai-jin
Overall performance was robust in 2024. In 2025, the corporate target gross operating income and macroeconomic indicators remained high, resulting in a decline in profits. 2025q1 income + 6.1 per cent, net profit return + 5.8 per cent, acceleration of the acceleration ring, impact of spring mismatches, robust against year-wide targets.
In spite of the company’s control in q1 of the 8th generation of the main monolith, we expect to add more to products such as 1618 and the low level of the five. Large monoliths are stable, side-wings are growing: subproducts, with revenues of 67.9 billion in 2024.
The next five grain fluids will remain more tightly controlled to stabilize batch prices, but last year’s price increases will be reflected more in this year’s statement, with sales in high-end product categories still increasing by 1618, low, and so on. Compared to +11.7%, the series of wines will be structured, focusing on medium- and high-priced products, and focusing on building.
We expect that the series will continue to grow faster in 2025. Speeding up the distribution of channels and reforms: sub-channels, with sales mode revenues of 48.7 billion yuan in 2024.
In 2025, with a view to upgrading the capacity of the city, the company made further adjustments and improvements in its internal organizational structure and external marketing channels, with the internal dismantling of five sections and the restoration of the liquor sales company, which will number 27.
The marketing area is integrated into three main areas in the north, south and east, with the establishment of a vertical control system for “headquarters-regional centres-end” and external channels, where two marketing platform companies have been set up to integrate large-scale resources, combining new channels, new scene development, and binding major business interests to avoid leaks.
Faced with greater price pressure, intra- and external reforms will help companies to maintain price stability for large single goods each year, protect the profits of distributors, and thus achieve firm-wide sound growth. Clearly, the increase in promotion fees is more pronounced, as firms respond positively to market changes, and canals are increased.
We expect that 2025 will continue to be a positive sales event for the company called Galactic Meals – five grains (000858.sz) – more robust. Maintain the Recommended Ratings.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.