2024 and 2025: 24 years of steady harvest: company disclosure 2024 and 2025 I. Revenues in 2024, net profit splits, price stabilization, fee raising, switchover, through the enrichment of the five-food liquid product matrix, core terminal expansion.
By means of quality, it helps to promote a more or less stable price of 8-Dip5 and a more benign stock of distributors. 1) Sub-products: 24fy's alcohol revenues are equal to 8.7%, and 15-Finish is a full-year input driven by an estimated double-digit increase in the same number; 8-Dip5 is accompanied by a chilling demand at the macro level.
It is estimated that the year-on-year growth will be low, with 24h2 exits under tight control, but the contribution of price hikes will be significant. 2) Sub-channels: 24fy's alcohol distribution, direct sales revenue contribution, 54.6 per cent, respectively; distribution channels are growing at a relatively slower rate in the face of the reduction in quotas in the five traditional channels; on the other hand, they will be more intense.
24fy net interest rate has fallen year-on-year, and q4 market inputs have significantly increased. 24fy net interest rate is equal to the same rate for sales.
The fall of 0.6 pct to 37.2 per cent is mainly due to higher sales costs. 124fy ' s liquor Maori 0.7pc, the former being better at a ton price and higher at a ton cost. 224fy ' s sales cost is higher than the other toll. Five grain fluids (000858).
In response to market changes, companies increased their access to returns, end-building and consumer development, with an increase of 48.9 per cent in sales promotion costs for the year as compared to 48.9 per cent for the year as a whole;2 in order to increase distribution efficiency, storage logistics costs were stopped on the same basis as for the year as for the year as a whole, followed by a demand for reductions in traditional channel quotas in accordance with uniform rules and for the portion of the reduction to be replaced by new ones
(i) At the end of the income line, the distribution channels have been adjusted to keep the market out of order, and the under-sales, exclusive stores and other direct sales channels have remained smooth and open, as well as in the form of direct sales, to help strengthen corporate marketing ownership, optimize resource pooling and customizing the interests of the company in order to achieve better accurate marketing.
After the establishment of the marketing firm in March, a certain supplement to the income from the five grains was also achieved.) Payback: 25 q1 received 1.04 per cent, a marked recovery from the same year, mainly due to the company ' s active control of the distribution channel bill, which was raised by the amount of money paid, and the opening of the door, which was no longer supported by the paper. 3) Profiting end: 25 q1 net interest rate on sales.
With the full implementation of the P5 increase, Māori fluctuations are expected mainly to be related to other alcohol and other businesses.  Profit predictions and investment proposals: the industry’s low valley is both a pressure period for rapid adjustment of alcohol companies and an unbreakable one.
The opportunity period for business start-ups with officers is expected to see companies rejuvenate their marketing operations through a failed marketing system reform. The annual company report of 2025 revealed targets for growth in gross operating income and three financial projections for macros.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.