Center for Research on Resources and the Environment (CRED) Windstorming Industry shuffling, waiting for Silicon Batteries to return to profit.
+36.4 per cent net profit of 2,635 million yuan, or +30.5 per cent; 2020 q1 revenue of $7,825 million, with the company issuing a proposed increase of up to $6 billion to invest in the 15gw battery plate project. 2019 silicon/cell volume lectonics, with q1 performance affected by the epidemic: benefits from significant efficiency gains
In 2019, the company released 64,000 tons of silicon (+232.5 per cent), 13.3gw (+106.9 per cent), 4.901 million tons (+15.8 per cent) and reduced the cost of electricity, reducing the cost of production of more than 2019 crystalline silicon to 4.33 per cent, respectively.
Ten thousand yuan/0.23 dollars, making companies significantly more profitable than the average industry. 2020q1 due to spring breakout 1.
Production and effects of the epidemic, battery cut-off for more than 10 days, yielding only about 3 gw, affecting profit realization, and the higher profit base for battery film over the same period last year, although silicon business q1 performed better, it is still difficult.
q1’s performance has fallen on a year-on-year basis to compensate for the decline in battery profitability.
Lead. The company ' s non-silicon cost of silicon/cell tablets is expected to fall further to below $40,000 in 2020. 4. "Efficiencies of new production energy are released on a continuous basis to achieve a supplemental cost. " Monthly commissioning will increase battery production to around 28gw and add up to further silicon production capacity utilization.
Digging, which is expected to rise to 90,000 tons of silicon and 20gw in 2020, ensures that companies remain in absolute industry leadership in terms of profitability and market power. Silicon/cell block climate fluctuations, with domestic and foreign demand warming expected to improve profitability significantly in the second half of the year:
The dramatic changes in the pre-existing hoarding of downstream enterprises + the overseas epidemic have led to a significant tightening of purchases and even the sale of stocks by industry chain enterprises, a sharp fall in the price of photovoltaic products in q2 and a high volatility in prices and profitability in the face of weaker demand, owing to the rigidity of the company’s core business silicon, the external properties of the battery.
Foreign demand is expected to recover significantly in the second half of the year as the overseas epidemic subsides, domestic demand is expected to peak with the stimulus of the last year's subsidy, and silicon and potential expansion schemes (8621), with no additional capacity to release, are expected to expand the year (61357595).
In the second half of the year, significant profitability recovery is expected to occur in the battery fragments that are subject to significant price reductions. Given that industry and company fundamentals have recently largely reflected the greatest impact of the epidemic in the short term, we are aware of the impact of the epidemic.
Corporate “buy-in” rating, hyper-expected worsening of the overseas epidemic, higher-than-expected product prices, deterioration of the international trade environment, analysis of the relevant reporting rating ratios in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment