Batteries performed excellently. Convergence shares (600438.sh) increased by 13.04 per cent in the same year; net profit returns to mothers increased by $3.33 billion, or 48.57 per cent in the same year; net profit deductions increased by 48.57 per cent in the same year.
Zhao Tenghui, battery blades, silicon operations are back on track. 202003, the company collected 12,940 million yuan, a 36.20 per cent increase in the same year, a 48.32 per cent increase in the ring, and a significantly warmer ring, which benefits mainly from the company.
Batteries, silicon operations, both of which, non-recurrent gains and losses are mainly from the sale of real estate, government, where, under excellent cost-control capabilities, a single-crystal battery is expected to yield a single-watt net gain of more than 0.1 yuan/w, silicon: a short-term disturbance, with a start to a rising cycle, four quarters or a peak in performance.
Since July 2020, silicon prices have been rising steadily, reaching higher levels in August (about 90,000 yuan/tonne). Due to the faster rate of increase in silicon prices, the company is expected to deliver in August-September or be affected (the industry has price games), generating some stocks, and the Sichuan floods have also impacted on the company’s production capacity.
At the same time, the firm’s cost advantages are clear, such as the average production cost of 2020h1 silicon material of $395,000 per ton and the average production cost of new capacity of $365 million per ton for follow-up.
On September 25, 2020, the company signed a series of agreements on strategic cooperation with Lungi, with over 10.18 million tons of silicon per year.
On the basis of this target, Lungi’s silicon needs are prioritized from Tungwei, the silicon supply is prioritized, and Lungi’s proposed recapitalization of the new energy source, investment in Yunnan Tongwei, and further cooperation. Toungwe’s cooperation with Lungi is a strong industrial alliance that helps to consolidate the leadership and achieve medium- and long-term goals.
Companies have a significant cost advantage, planning capacity has expanded significantly, and are expected to build a dominant position in the silicon, battery, and battery sectors. The demand for the 04 photovoltaic industrial chains is expected to recover to a higher point, with strong product prices.
This is underpinned by a fast-growing cycle of corporate performance. We expect corporate operating income from 2020-2022, the risk of an overseas epidemic affecting higher expectations, the risk of a sharp fall in product prices, the risk of output being outpaced, and the risk of financing being less advanced than expected.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with due diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Worked at the Arizona state headquarters and Beijing branch in the United States (Christensen) and worked as a customer director for financial counselling (ir) and marketing.