Tonway shares (600438) Invested together with Sky to deepen the strategic layout of the photovoltage chain
Event 1: On November 18, the company issued an announcement that the shares of Yongxiang and Tungwei solar energy are to be invested in the 40,000-ton high-purity silicon project, the 15gw sticks project, the 15gw slices project, and the 15gw high-efficiency silicon cell project.
Event 2: The company issued an announcement on 18 November to sign a long-sale framework contract with the coronal light energy and U.S. silicon energy, which agreed to supply approximately 7.20 tons of multi-crystal silicon products and 6.88 million tons of silicon products, respectively, between January 2021 and December 2023.
In the wake of external events such as this year’s epidemic, and especially in the second half of the year, when the prices of the industrial chain rose sharply, the advantages of a photovoltaic chain integration were highlighted. The company was the leader of the silicon and battery chain, while Tianyo could be the first-line component manufacturer, with a good branding and a good marketing network, with components ranked fourth in 2019.
The unit is better placed to take advantage of the edges of their respective links than the firm itself, in comparison with the depth of 300 steps, cross-equity in the upstream and downstream industrial chains, strong joint ventures and vertical integration. Moreover, according to the agreement, Trinity is required to purchase efficiency from the cooperative project company each year.
Crystal silicon batteries, etc. The ability of Trina to produce a photovoltaic component by the end of 2021 is not less than 50 gw, the vast majority of which is 210, and its vast capacity will provide a strong support for the company ' s medium- and long-term development, helping to guarantee the stability of the company ' s production of photovoltaic products and to consolidate its corporate dominance.
The collaboration, with a focus on 210-sized photovoltaic products, will help to enhance the competitiveness of companies. \triangleright, which has seen a growing trend in large sizes since the beginning of the year, will lead to the production of 210 series of related photovoltaic products in this joint venture.
The strategic layout of large silicon silicon silicon is accelerated. Currently 210 silicon silicons are provided mainly by central ring shares, on-board numbers control, Kyoto Express, etc., and production penetration is still low. The firm is expected to take advantage of the low-cost advantage of home-grown silicon to cover non-silicon costs, produce low-cost silicon silicons, significantly reduce the pressure on battery chain costs, and share profits from upstream.
\triangleright \triangleright
Ten thousand tons, 15-220,000 tons, and 22-290,000 tons. This three-year long sales framework contract between the company and Trina and U.S.S.S. energy supply an average of 2.40, 229,000 tons per year.
The company has accelerated the expansion of production, and the combined production of 80,000 tons in Leysan II and Paoshan II is expected to be completed by the end of 2021, with full production expected to be sold when the productive capacity is in place.
The sales framework contract, targeting a 45-fold valuation of silicon demand, maintains a “recommended” rating, taking into account the company’s industry’s leading position and long-term growth space. The overseas epidemic has lasted longer than expected, the industry’s installed capacity has grown less than expected, and industry competition has outpaced expectations.
Corporate financial statement data projections are summarized, securities, Dong Wu Securities, and Chinese securities, joined in August 2020, with the author with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,