The silicon is locked out of the cargo.
Tonway shares issue notices on cooperative investment and major sales contracts, including: 1) the company intends to sign a joint venture agreement with Tsimumi to co-invest in the photovoltaic industrial chain project, which includes 40,000 tons of high-purity silicon per year, 15 gw sticks per year, 15 gw batteries per year, and slices, each of which are:
The project company held 65 per cent of the shares; 2) the company will sell silicon materials in 2021-2023 to Trina and Silicon, respectively, in the order of 72,000 tons and 688 million tons, with product prices on the market.
“Virtual integration” of upstream and downstream cooperation is expected to win-win: On September 10th of this year, Tungwee shares and Tsing-hoon have publicly signed a strategic cooperation agreement, and this announcement is put to the ground for the expected cooperation.
1. The extension structure of 40,000 tonnes/15gw is largely in line with 1:1. We consider this to be a positive response by companies to the general trend towards industrial integration.
It is in the interests of both parties to avoid direct competition with downstream customers, in a misalignment between heaven and heaven.
Competition between physicalized enterprises will largely be reflected in a combination of forces, and it's difficult to do more than that.
Close linkages are essential, and only firms that have comparative advantages in each of the links will be able to achieve a sustainable, consistent, overprofit. The company’s cost management capacity in the silicon and battery chains is strong and promising for the future.
The Dragon Head - Tungwei Extension Planning Point Review. The best practices are transferred to silicon production, where the sky has a complete distribution channel for the components, and where each of the two sides can maximize their mutual benefits by working together through equity.
Silicon long sheets lock in demand and provide security for the expansion of production: according to the company ' s 2020-2023 development plan, a further 40,000 tons of silicon expansion projects are expected to be completed ahead of schedule in 2022. Considering that the company has previously signed silicon long sheets with Lungi and Crystal, the company has been locked on average for the next three years on average.
Nearly 180,000 tons of silicon orders, which provide a strong guarantee of the elimination of new capacity, smooth the supply and demand cycle, and the effect of fluctuations on silicon sales.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment