High demand has led to a four-quarter performance cost advantage, which supports long-term competitiveness and higher profits from asset disposal, and a slightly lower-than-expected three-quarter performance of companies. In the first three quarters of 2020, companies achieved a business income of $31,680 million.
+13.0 per cent for the same year; 3.33 billion yuan for the mother, +48.6 per cent for the same year; 1.910 billion yuan for the third quarter, +8.3 per cent for the third quarter, yielding business income of $12.94 billion, which is much better than the profit ring for the silicon and battery links, and is expected to continue to be more profitable in the fourth quarter.
1) The company ' s q1-3 silicon material output is about 59,000 tons, the company ' s q3 output is about 14,000 tons, the cost of silicon is rising as a result of pre-period downstream accumulations and flooding leading to a partial shutdown of production capacity, and the volume is slightly higher.
Less than expected. Silicon is expected to contribute about $100 million net; net profit is $482 million. Batteries are about 0.1 yuan/w higher than the industry average; 3) Silicon prices have continued to rise as of the present four quarters, and battery tablets are expected to be stable.
The supply of silicon materials continues to be tight, the company’s new production is about to start and its performance will grow in the coming year, industry demand will continue to grow next year, the silicon industry will have almost no new capacity, and silicon supply will be tight.
In the fourth quarter of next year, the company’s new production capacity for silicon material will be able to increase its output in 2022 and its performance in the second two years of the year. At the same time, the company’s active deployment of new heterogeneous technologies, with high demand and higher prices, is not as high as expected; it is not returning to work abroad as expected; and the impact of the epidemic is increasing.
Weighted shares: Silicon Batteries Double Thing, Low Cost Accelerating Expansion 2020-8-7, Huaan Securities New Energy Weekly _ Light Overseas
The demand or expectations are high, and the industry’s high profile runs through the popular Chinese, Thai electronics, the source car and the traditional car.
Contact person: Biedan, Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, with a national scholarship and study at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States, six years of lithium research and research, covering the lithium electricity industry chain. Information on legal compliance, independent and objective presentation of this report, data and information used in this report, from market sources, and my accuracy of this information
The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.