Product price increases increase profitability and four-quarter performance is expected to release events: the company released its third quarter report in 2020. The company collected $31,678 million in the first three quarters of 2020, an increase of 13.04 per cent over the same period; the mother ' s net gain of $3,333 million in shares (600,438.sh)
In the third quarter of 2020, the company achieved 12,940 million yuan, an increase of 8.73 per cent in the same year, and 18.57 per cent in the ring; the net return to the mother was 2,322 million yuan, an increase in the price of the same product; the profit level was raised. The company achieved 2,371 million yuan in the third quarter, an increase of 189.13 per cent in the same amount, with combined investment returns of 1,590 million yuan in the disposal of the industry.
The growth of the ring ratio, which resulted in a net gain of 954 million won and a 35 per cent increase in the same ratio, was supported by a significant increase in the profitability of the tiles, which supported the growth in performance in the first quarter of the third quarter. The production of the company ' s 7.5gw batteries in the first trimester of Mt. was brought into operation in 2020q2, the release of the yield capacity and the efficiency of the production line, and the sale of the company ' s batteries in the third quarter continued to increase, achieving a yield of about 5.8gw. The company ' s q3 went further in terms of the price of upstream raw materials and support materials.
To raise the price of the battery, the price of the g-m6 single crystal perc battery rose from 0.80/w in July to 0.97/w in September, an increase of about 20 per cent, a significant increase in battery profitability, and a net profit of about $480 million in a single season. \triangleright
q4 silicon material supply and demand were tight, prices were strong, and performance was expected to be released gradually. Three quarters were affected by force majeure in Xinjiang and a new coronary outbreak, with a shortage of silicon supplies and rapidly rising prices, rising from 59 yuan/kg at the end of June to 94 yuan/kg at the end of September, an increase of nearly 60%. Meanwhile, due to the floods in Sichuan, the company ' s silicon production capacity in Sichuan ceased, its sales policy was adjusted in line with price changes, and the company ' s s silicon output was delivered about 14,000 tons in three quarters.
Silicon has achieved a net profit of about $150 million in a single quarter. The demand for silicon is still tight in four quarters, prices are expected to continue strong, and sales will drive the firm's business.
Risk factors: The new coronary disease, among others, causes global photovoltaic jets to fall short of expected risks; the risk of changes in technology routes; and the risk of price fluctuations in products and raw materials. The Sinda Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter “Suda Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment advice, which has been approved by the CVC. This report is produced and published by the Sinda Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular clients. It is not intended for the public as a result of publicly available information that is considered reliable by the letter of credit securities, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment funds should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.