Tonway shares (600438) Major sales framework contract, locking in silicon requirements.
On 6 November, the company issued an announcement on the signing of a major sales framework contract, whereby its subsidiaries, Yongxiang Do-silicon, and others, were to sign a framework agreement with Crystal Energy and its subsidiary, Sichuan Crystal, for the period 2020-2023, providing for the purchase of a total of 93,000 multi-silicone from the other side to the subsidiaries under the company ' s flag between November 2020 and December 2023.
Tons; contract locks are open, and product prices follow. Based on current market prices and the company’s current cost levels, the company expects to generate a total net profit of about $2.5 billion from the multi-crystal silicon sales agreed to in this contract.
\triangleright tons, 15-220,000 tons, and 22-290,000 tons. The company’s long-sale framework contract with Crystal has an average annual supply of 31,000 tons of multiple crystal silicon to Crystal.
The unit, compared to the depth of 300, is based on a target of 10.18 million tons of silicon trading per year, giving priority to procurement and supply in both directions. Tonway and Crystal and Lungi together have largely targeted 13.28 million tons of silicon.
The cost advantage is a global leader, the multi-crystal silicon head consolidated, and the company currently produces 80,000 tons of silicone, of which single crystals account for more than 95%, with an average production cost of RMB 39.5 million per ton.
With the gradual release of new capacity, the company’s costs are expected to decrease further. In terms of industry patterns, domestic head companies have made large-scale investments in low-cost new production capacity over the past two years, with a clear cost advantage, and the silicon industry has tended to concentrate on the head.
East hopes that the sum of goods will be more or less 78% in the country, rising to nearly 90% in 2020. The company’s capacity is expected to rise to the top of the country in 2021, with a further consolidation of the multi-crysilica longline.
On the side of \triangleright photovoltaic demand, \triangleright shows that the demand for q4 loads continues to be strong, with single-season loads expected to reach nearly 40gw, or the most robust in recent years. The photovoltage slides are clear, and the global acceleration into the price-neutral era is influenced by low interest rate convergence and policy stimulus.
On the supply side, the price of silicon material rose rapidly in the second half of the year, and in the future, 1.
We expect that corporate silicon operations will continue to grow robustly, with greater performance elasticity next year. Silicon profits will increase significantly, and battery profits will improve.
The plate ttm is valued 48 times, maintaining a “recommended” rating, taking into account the company's industry leader position and long-term growth space. The overseas epidemic has lasted longer than expected, the industry has grown faster than expected, and industry competition is higher than expected.
In August 2020, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels and that the logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, sought to be objective, impartial and not to be influenced by any third party.