Shinjishan certificate, Tonway shares (600438.sh) Silicon batteries have a strong two-dipose advantage, with a four-quarter performance release period.
On October 23, 2020, the company ' s shareholder ' s non-net profit was 954 million yuan, an increase of 36.20 per cent over the same period, and its performance was in line with market expectations.The investment returns contributed mainly to the increase and the photovoltaic operations met the expectations.
Market data: 23 October 2020, which generated approximately $1,519 million in proceeds from the disposal of non-current assets, mainly because companies competed during the reporting period for 98% of the shares and 100% of the bonds in the public sector.
Half-yearly, Tungwei's delivery ranked first in the global market, an increase of about 31 per cent over 2019, and was the company's main profit growth point in the first three quarters: in silicon operations, the company's old plant, which had been shut down by floods, was currently seen as having a manageable impact on performance, as a whole, and the photovoltaic operation was in line with market expectations.
Silicon prices remain high in the four quarters, with a high demand for installed aircraft in the four quarters. The four quarters are expected to be full of photovoltaic requirements, with 40gw additional loads expected throughout the year, an increase of 33% over the same period. In the short term, silicon supply and demand is expected to remain tense and silicon prices are not expected to continue their three-quarter upward trend.
But it will remain relatively high, with the company’s silicon operations likely to have a Māori ratio of more than 35% at full cost, rising, and the company’s performance releasing in four quarters. With many battery technology routes on the layout, battery taps are expected to remain strong.
In the case of battery technology, companies are actively increasing their R & D inputs for the hit, totcon, to the extent that they have achieved full coverage of the dominant sizes of the perc batteries 156, 158, 16x, 18x, and 21x.
Several technical routes, such as perc+, which could be the next generation of mainstream battery technology routes were laid out. During the year, the company ' s 7.5gw high-efficiency solar cell project was put into production and launched the 28th floor of ITC at 69 West Street, Taiwon City.
The 7.5gw and 7.5gw high-efficiency solar cell projects are expected to come into production in 2021, and the company ' s solar cell capacity will reach 40gw and the battery tap status will continue to be strong in China, 28 Sinrich Street, in Beijing City West.
For years, Deep Farm Feeding has been a new growth.
For feed and farming, for almost 30 years now, q1-q3 has been active in the field of prevention, rehabilitation, back-to-back work, online ordering systems and on-line technical services, raising the level of precision management, and ensuring the efficient operation and steady development of feed operations. In addition, the company is currently operating in Jiangsu.
\triangleright \triangleright.
The present report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The person undertakes not to use the information available in his or her identity, location and practice for his or her own personal gain or for that of another person.