Tungway shares (600438) Big increase in silicon profits, improved battery film profits, 3-quarter review of Tungway shares in 2020
On 23 October, the company released its three-quarter report for 2020, which generated $31,678 million in revenue in the first three quarters, an increase of 13.04 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of $3,333 million in the mother, an increase of 48.57 per cent in the same year. The company collected $12,940 million in the third quarter, an increase that remained tight, and the supply of silicon materials would continue to increase significantly.
Due to the impact of the July Silicon Enterprise accident in Xinjiang, and the flooding that caused 20,000 tons of production capacity in Eun Hsiang Lei Mountain since late August, the price of the supply chain for silicon chain supply has continued to rise. According to the latest offer from Pvinfolink, about $90/kg for secret materials and about $61/kg for vegetable flowers have risen by 53% and 110%, respectively, compared to the year.
There were no additional productive inputs, supply and demand patterns remained tight, and silicon prices were expected to remain high. The company silicon produced 80,000 tons. The unit, compared to the depth of 300 tons, was at its best in the industry, with an estimated combined 80,000 tons of production capacity in Leysan II and Baoshan II in 2021.
In addition, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Lungi shares on 25 September, giving priority each year to 10.18 million tons of polysilicon trading and investing in cooperation and strong union leadership.
(a) The level of profitability of batteries has improved significantly, and the production structure has continued to optimize the demand ring for \triangleright o3 units has improved continuously, as well as the price of batteries has risen rapidly as a result of higher upstream prices for silicon and silver slurry;
In particular, M6-sized demand is strong and supply is not yet fully released, prices are continuing to be strong, and battery profit levels are improving significantly. With the end of the 7.5gw climb (compatible 21x and below) phase in Myeongsan II, 7.5gw and Gold Division 7.5gw will be operational in 2021, the company’s large-sized production structure will continue to be optimized and profitability will be significant.
In addition, the company actively promotes heterogeneous endurance layouts, and as heterogeneity technologies mature, the company is expected to lead and reshape the battery film industry. 2020q4 is the most photovoltaic loading season, with high growth rates in 2021.
The demand for q4-loading continues to be strong in terms of industrial chain output and orders, and we expect one season to reach nearly 40gw. or the most robust in recent years. The photovoltage path is clear, the global acceleration into the price-neutral era is influenced by low interest rates and policy stimulus, and it is expected that domestic demand and external demand will rise next year, and we expect it to be full next year.
It is expected that the ball will reach 160-170gw. Cost controls will be robust during the period. The significant increase in inventory has led to a slight decline in cash flow, with the end stock of $3.34 billion, an increase of 38.42 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, mainly in the form of operating cash flows in response to four quarters of demand.
The value is 101 times higher, with the first coverage being “recommended” for a “recommended” rating, given the company’s long-term growth space. The overseas epidemic has lasted longer than expected, the industry has grown faster than expected, and industry competition has outpaced expectations.
Corporate financial statement data projections are summarized, securities, Dong Wu Securities, and Chinese securities, joined in August 2020, with the author with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,