In 2022, the public announced precision requirements for upgrading and slowing the demand for advertising by advertisers, which led to Internet advertising and apparel.
According to the sub-operation, in 2022 the company achieved “safe and other” computer industry research assistant Chengxiang earned $1,791 million, an increase of 29.72 per cent over the same period, and the Maori rate was 55.55 per cent, a continuous increase in each other's income;
The commercialization of networking and value-added services has generated revenues of $5,791 million, a decrease of 21.85 per cent in the same year, with Internet advertising revenue of $4,710 million, a decrease of 25.32 per cent in the same year, and interactive value-added services, represented by games, of $1,082 million, a decrease of 2.03 per cent in the same year.
As the world's largest digital security company, 360 started home free of charge, with the world's first cloud-killing technology, covering 1.5 billion terminals in 225 countries and regions. In 2022, through the layout of the Cloud Safety Brain and the Nucleus,
Safe brain, enabling products, corporate safety-related customer coverage, significant improvement, complete coverage of key clients, significant increase in the number of regional clients and new forms of signature: (1) customer coverage: companies complete new contracts with nearly 2,000 customers, customers
Coverage of more than 90 per cent of central ministries, 80 per cent of enterprises, 95 per cent of large financial institutions and 100 per cent of operators, and cooperation on cybersecurity with millions of small and medium-sized enterprises; (2) urban outreach: companies completed orders in three cities, Suzhou, Qingdao and crane walls, with a high score
In each city project, more than 50 business opportunities have been built up. (3) In the area of digital anti-fraud, 360 anti-fraud services cover multiple types of fraud cases, cumulatively sending anti-fraud alerts to public security organs across the country 112 million data, with an accuracy of more than 90%.
The contract was increased by 58% on the same basis. In our view, the company actively promotes the transformation of its security operations in the short-term phase of its traditional business development; in the future, with the advancement of the Digital China Building Master Plan and the gradual landing of the relevant laws and regulations, such as the Data Security Act, downstream customers are safe.
The company started to invest in artificial intelligence technology as early as 2019, and to develop large models.
Sinda Securities Inc. and "ai+security" have some results. (1) In the area of large model development, "Datas, cindasecuritiesco., Ltd.
Arithmetic, Arithmetic is the three key elements in the development of the big model, with data that, because of their scarcity, have become the higher element of House No. 1 of the House of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City. The company uses the search engine of the second largest city in the country to train the big model.
High-quality language materials: The "360 new search" has been introduced by integrating the generation ai technology into the search engine. The new generation ai product matrix, currently represented by the "360 new search" has evolved to open a small range of targeted solicitation tests to business clients, including the "360 new search" test experience.
(ii) In the area of "al+security", companies use the world's leading security capabilities to build large models, and many high-level white hat hackers and security engineers can perform accurate and efficient security pre-cleaning, parameter adjustment, and backend manual tags.
The al-Framework security monitoring platform developed by the 360al Safety Laboratories has cumulatively identified more than 200 gaps in mainstream machine learning frameworks such as tensorlow, caffe, pytorch, and 98 gaps submitted to Googlesorlow, including 24 high-risk, severe loopholes.
We believe that the high-quality numbers generated by corporate search engines are expected to be a competitive advantage in large model areas. At the same time, large models, represented by chhatgpt, can lower the cost of cyber-security attacks, leading to potential threats and potential networks.
The number of attacks rises. If the ai is made safe, it will help to improve the efficiency and quality of management of network managers. 360, as an earlier network security company with artificial intelligence, is expected to emerge in the aigc domain.
Profit forecasting: We look forward to the transformation and development of companies in cybersecurity. At the same time, as leaders in the interconnectivity security industry, the company's earlier layout ai has developed a certain advantage in large model technology or will fully benefit from the dividends of the development of the net security industry and the artificial intelligence industry.
Chengxiang, Associate Research Assistant in the Computer Industry, Master of Business Administration, Beijing University, Bachelor of Management, Wuhan University, joined the Sindam Securities Research Institute in July 2021 for research in the Computer Industry.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.