"Producer + Robust R & D + Steady Patterns" form a closed circle. Helium electrons are in the middle.
National securitiest leads by providing a core trading system for capital market buyers and sellers, such as securities, funds, insurance, and by building on the advantages of the system’s bottom builders, widening the business boundary. The constant investment logic lies in the closed loops created by business models, technological strengths, and three-dimensional advantages of industry patterns: 1) “productization”, benefiting from pre-emptive advantages,
Industry harmonization of business standards, A-sideit strength, etc., has consistently achieved the rare tob industry productization model in the computer field, with the Māori rate standing at 95 per cent per annum before the accounting standards were adjusted, with strong profitability; 2) “Big R & D”, with cumulative R & D investment of $6.6 billion over the last four years, with over 6,000 R & D teams investing in it,
Accumulation of technology goes well beyond intra-industry and industry to ensure product leadership; (3) “stability patterns”, with business-level core systems at the operational level, stability and compliance being the first demand, with industry leading consistently on the basis of pre-existing advantages and technology, and a clear trend towards industry concentration at the head.
In essence, it has grown with the construction of our capital markets. The trading system, which is at the heart of the capital markets, is the builder of the capital market's infrastructure, and the continued development of our capital markets is the core source of long-generation. In contrast to mature markets abroad, there is still a gap between our capital markets: the rate of capitalization is only one.
80%, direct financing does not exceed 15%, and institutional ownership is less than 20%. Re-opening the post-2015 market, regulation and reform is a melody, with new regulations and innovation in 2018 creating a three-year boom week, and full registration is expected to open the next round of capital market reforms.
Digitalization & financial innovation drives system change, and capital market reforms provide incremental space. Capital market reforms led by full registration \triangleright are expected to accelerate, and according to our calculations, full registration, and the North Bank are built.
In addition to the reforms, it is hoped that the new product will accelerate the roll-out year. In the midst of the digital wave, there will be a transition to services, with long-term growth of 1.Hinse Electronics (600.570.sh) in 2022:
Short-term marginal changes: Uncertainties fall one by one to meet new starting points. Ever since 2020, \triangleright 2.Hinger Electronics (600570.sh) 2021 reports:
Setting high growth targets, swords for capital market reform dividends Integration, input phase, over two years of corporate uncertainty over: Accounting Standards Adjustment Impact 3. E-performance forecast for 600570: Performance instruments
Gradual erosion; profit elasticity from the scale of expansion to the focus on human effectiveness; sustained beneficial capital market reforms, expected in 2022; effective control of the outbreak and promise of business delivery back on track; orderly transition of corporate management;
The strategy for the acquisition of the summit event point (60570), which we believe is expected to be re-evaluated as uncertainty becomes clear.
Quarterly income performance, with a focus on long-term growth, compares the valuation of five leading companies to a 22-year value of 62 times what they had expected to do under a wind-consistent scenario; and, by comparison with themselves, the average is 70 times that of a constant three-year pe (ttm). In two dimensions, life expectancy is estimated.
\triangleright new product roll-out process below expectations; increased self-research on the head deck.
In more than 20 years, the new management team has been on the move. In the early years, it became the principal provider of the securities business system, gradually expanding its operations to the funds and banks.
After providing software systems to the Foundation, the Fund’s Investment Management System was developed in 1999 and it gained a leading position in its market. The company continued to increase its R & D input and product-based construction, and the fists, represented by the capitalo series, gradually developed a good branding effect, while the company expanded its client base and built a trade.
In 2022, he completed the transition of the management team, former President Liu Liao Feng as Chairman, and the company will have been “six by six” since 2019 under the new leadership's plan.
“Restructuring of the business system: the ta (registered) in the former Great Retailit was transferred to the Large Retail and merged with the valuation, liquidation of funds into the Department of Operations and Management Operations; the insurance core system in the former Large Retailit was redeployed and a new section was formed with the Enterprise Finance, Infrastructureit, which focused more on client personalization services.
The founder's team leads the company, and the ants enter the stock market and bring technical synergies. In 2014, the ant group entered the stock market and now holds 20.7% of the company's shareholdings, and is a shareholder in the company. The co-founder's team of career managers + the ant's shareholding system, the ant group and the ants' group.
Not involved in the day-to-day management of the company, but there is some technical synergy between the two.Figure 3: The status of the permanent electronic equity structure (the latest data is reported in the first quarter of 2022) Management completes the change of term ... with a clear strategic direction for the next phase.
Mr. Liu Xiaofeng was elected Chairman of the Corporation, Mr. Fan Xuewu was elected Vice-President and President of the Corporation, and 10 Vice-President-level leaders were appointed, including Baek-su (Director of the Institute), Han Hae-Chung, and Fang Xiao Minh, the new Vice-President. The capital market movement began to be active, and core talent was tied to a permanent platform.
Market movements have seen companies become active in the last two years, with stock-holding schemes launched in 2020, and buy-backs are becoming more frequent. Companies have gradually adopted equity incentives and employee-share schemes to bind core talent and remain at the forefront in securitiesit.
1.2 The software industry is booming in 2022, with a positive growth of both the net return profit and the non-profit gain of 19-21. In 2021, the net return profit of the company was partially changed by the change in the 2020 accounting standards, and cash flow was the indicator of a better business performance for the company.
The change in income recognition from the completion percentage method to the final method since 2020 has also allowed companies to increase their earnings at a rate of 7.8 per cent in 2020, but the rapid expansion from the corporate end has put short-term pressure on net cash flows, but as the company progresses from “extension” to “promotion”
Todo, net cash flows are expected to return to high-quality growth. 1.2.1 Strengthen the concept of “products” with strong brands, long lead in casting, product brands with strong market positions, and years in a row.
Brokering, o45 asset management, i2 institutional services, rtec compliance, c9 corporate finance six star lines, where managing the O-series and the uf-series are the consistent core products. "Producerization" is a constant label, and high productization means higher Māori, standardization and replicability.
On the other hand, it's market recognition of a consistent product’s leadership. Figure 9: A one-stop closed-ring solution and product for the Helium Six Stars offering investment matching, marketing services, marketing transactions.
High-capacity, large-complex, low-time support of over 5 trillion to 10 trillion street transactions to provide a one-stop investment management solution for investors in professional institutions that combines investment transactions, compliance controls, strategies, low-time transactions equal to one.
:: Provision of professional, comprehensive, integrated risk management and compliance management solutions
“Producerization” means excellent profitability. In terms of business attributes, “product-type” companies have better replicability, with lower marginal costs and greater profitability during the expansion of their operations.
Prior to the adjustment of the guidelines, the company’s Māori rate remained at a high level of almost 95% and the “product” attribute was clear. High product-based business attributes have led to greater profitability, with the company’s non-profit rate remaining at about 15% or more for nearly three years, and the overall profit margin, which exceeds 25%, has been added to the investment returns on financial assets.
At the end of 2021, it became a milestone in the promotion of new products. After the 2015 cattle market test, the Uf and O series were market-recognized and were able to withstand a surge in turnover, but also made a willingness to replace them.
As the financial sector continues to innovate, financial institutions are in a desperate state of intellectual transformation, and the new generation of systems is gaining momentum. The launch of the Huabao project began in early 2020, but is still in progress until 2021, reflecting the extreme difficulty of replacing the core system.
In the end of 2021, o45 officially went online, and the sticking effect was remarkable. If the follow-up system works steadily, O45 promotion is expected to accelerate. 1.2.2 Technology trends in the leading industry are strongly developed, and “productization” next stop is center staged.
In the last four years, the cumulative cost of R & D has been $6.6 billion. High-intensity R & D is a constant label, with companies spending 2,139 million yuan on R & D in 2021, an increase of 43% over the same period, and 39% on R & D inputs. Horizontally, in the last four years, the total cost of persistent electronic R & D investment has been 6.6 billion yuan, in computers.
High-intensity R & D inputs are a distinctive feature of product-based companies, with high profits from productization forming a positive circle with strong R & D uplifting product performance, guaranteeing a consistent lead in product performance. R & D personnel and R & D inputs are core productivity.
The ratio of R & D staff to total staff has reached 6065, or 46%, while historically the ratio of R & D staff to companies has remained essentially above 60%. R & D costs have also been the main cost to companies, with R & D rates reaching 38.9% in 2021, taking into account the shift of some R & D costs to operating costs as a result of the 2020 accounting standard adjustment.
Horizontally, constant investment in R & D is a significant leader. Horizontally, consistent investment in R & D is far ahead of comparable companies, leading by far.
The cost of winning, winning, or winning, R & D is $21.4, 5.9, 120, and 450 million, respectively, and consistently leads in absolute terms. Given the differences in the amount of revenue, companies are also in the middle of the building, building a financial digital base, from the point of view of R & D rates.
A priori, coupled with a firm’s keen insight into the needs of the industry, allows the company to take a forward-looking look at the evolution of financial technology and even to lead the industry. Ever since 2018, the new generation of distributed development platforms jres 3.0 has continued to build its three main hubs.
The division's evolution towards a platform company is in a clear direction, with forward-looking R & D investments to complete the construction of a permanent digital base light, and a clouded bottom architecture, with companies expected to continue leading the next round of portfolio innovation.
1.2.3 Added “productivity” and transformational services under the digital wave. 2020 began to accelerate production capacity-building, which is the trend towards digitalization.
The rapid expansion of the workforce, with a total of 9739 permanent employees in 2020 and 13310 in 2021, can be seen as “capacity” for the company, which in the last two years has been able to reflect the confidence of the corporate management hierarchy in the needs of the industry and to lay the foundation for the company’s future growth.
In terms of structure, the increase in the size of the implementation staff is a significant shift. The current permanent staff structure is still human, at 65%.
The rapid expansion of employees is underpinned by structural changes that constantly strengthen capacity-building for their own delivery, while at the same time beginning with a shift to services to ensure the productization of core industries, taking over the multiple expansions that have emerged from the digitalization of clients, putting some cost pressure on companies in the short term and affecting operational efficiency in the short term.
The flow perspective can be made clearer, and as one of the most important business indicators, the corporate net cash flow declined by 32% in 2021 over the same period, with short-term pressures on staff remuneration spending. Looking back, in 2016, the short-term post-expansion period was also under pressure from cash flows, but the company then slowed the expansion and income-side growth.
The expansion of people is expected to slow down, looking forward to profit elasticity after the "capable climb." Looking forward, after two years of rapid expansion, the population is expected to grow at a slower pace, and with the continued maturity of software services, the ability to deliver on-site is expected to slow down.
With increasing sophistication, the company’s follow-on delivery efficiency is expected to continue to improve, leading to a narrow income-cost gap. At the highest value of the year, the gap between income and cost increases is expected to narrow.2 Dance with capital markets to witness each round of growth.
2.1 Securitiesit: a clear pattern, strong and persistent Securitiesit: Stability is a top priority for a well-functioning infrastructure at the bottom of the capital market.
For an institution, the system’s stability indicators are a primary consideration, and when problems arise, business continuity will be affected, leading to greater regulatory pressure. And, once stability requirements are met, transaction speed, scalability, and flexibility are gradually becoming the focus of the agency’s attention and an important direction for upgrading the products of major manufacturers.
The core system attributes, the integrator's vanguard status is increasing. Since system stability is the preferred choice for institutional clients, and the replacement and migration of the system requires a great deal of risk while at the same time spending a great deal of manpower, visitors come down, and households will continue to concentrate on brand-driven companies when they choose suppliers, and once they become core systems.
After suppliers (especially new regulators), subsequent product upgrades will continue to be serviced by a single manufacturer. Thus, there is a clear trend towards continued concentration of market shares in the securitiesit industry, and industry authorities are largely “exceeding” patterns.
There is no doubt that there is a significant leader in the overall stockit market pattern, and the revenue associated with securitiesit between 2019 and 2021 is significantly higher than that of the other participants. There is no doubt that there is a large number of participants in the overall competition pattern.
Each area is in a position of leadership, with a strong line of operations, but the rest of the securities integrators have a unique advantage in the area of segmentation: for example, gold medals are competitive in centralized transactions, innovative operations (e.g. quantification, rpa, etc.); top-point software has a clear edge on crm while expanding the line of transactional business products; winning is valued.
Gold medals use securities brokers, capital controls and aggregates; win-win, top-point software uses financial sector income calculations 2.2 Capital market retrenchment: reform of masters, market growth and improvement of the 2.2.1 system, with sustained reform being the main theme
Our capital markets were established in 1990, only 32 years ago, and have led our capital markets to maturity through reform, the main melody of the capital markets of the past 30 years. And it is the gold machine that has been seized, especially in the building of public funds.
In the case of securities-it producers, changes in the logic of financial institutions’ operations brought about by capital-market reforms have led to the upgrading of infrastructure at the bottom; and, in retrospect, every round of capital-market movements is linked to the introduction of new policies, and reform is also an important driving force for the upturn of the market.
The markets have a certain cyclical dimension, and the growth of the market as a whole has had a profound impact. The 2005 equity-sharing reforms set the stage for the first round of rapid capital market development, and the 15-16 year cattle market brought about a reflection on financial innovation and financial regulation.
On the one hand, the boom in the cattle market has created greater demands for financial institution information systems and opened up vast opportunities for financial-it producers; on the other hand, the institutional reforms and constructions brought about by the cattle cycle have also contributed to the acceleration of capital reforms and the emergence of a “registry” in the new era.
Capital-market heat has gone down for three consecutive years, as can be seen from turnover and index performance. But, from a reform perspective, capital-market reforms have been increasing steadily since 2017, with regulatory policy changes such as appropriate investor management practices, comprehensive risk management, and anti-money-laundering Order No. 3 generating significant demand for infrastructure upgrading.
Since 2018, a series of major reforms, such as new capital regulations, creation of innovation boards, registration of start-ups, establishment of the North Bank, etc., have continued to fall and capital market construction has accelerated.
Looking back at the course of market growth over the past 10 years, and under the continuing completion of construction, our capital market continued to grow, with a marked increase in the number of new listed companies added to the total market value by the end of 2021. And, of course, behind the growth of the total market value and the growing number of listed companies,
The pace of reform has not been stagnated, and the overall roll-out of the issuance system, the improvement of the de-market system, and the improvement of the trading system are the main thrusts of the next phase of reform. The number of securities companies has steadily increased, and changes in the income structure have created more opportunities for it.
Scarcity, with only 34 additional securities companies between 2010 and 2021 with less than 2.6 per cent cagr, shows a clear cyclicality in the overall perspective, with revenues and profits largely consistent with market behaviour. After more than 10 years of development, the country's securities industry is currently facing a high degree of homogenization, largeness and lack of “carriers”
Given the changing income structure of the bonds, enabling them to compete differently by means of financial technology is becoming an important development idea for the next stage of the bond market, as well as for the period of high equity in the securities sector, when the public funds are set to rise to the golden age.
New regulations have officially entered into force, and the capital market equity investment, represented by public funds, has ushered in the golden age. In quantitative terms, the public funds company has been growing steadily by about 10% in recent years, while public funds are managed by 32% cagr in 19-year-olds.
The ambassador's ability to withstand the system, respond to speed, and trade intelligence is being tested; on the other hand, in the midst of a digital wave, the public fund has begun to invest more in it and to make a full digital transition, with a strong demand for clients.
2.3.1 The early stages of the creation of the Model Flux, which focused on project-based and integrated hardware, and the early stages of capital market construction, were inadequate; 2) the beginning of the period 2006-2011, which benefited from the move of bond dealers to a centralized trading system to build a public fund.
And with the launch of the first round of cattle, the company grew up to be the leader of the capital market at a time when the company was continuously grinding and constricting its product and completing its transformation from a project-based service company to a product-based department;) in 2012-2017, this phase of the main theme was the exploration of the Internet+.
In parallel with its traditional securitiesit base, the Division has made numerous attempts in the field of trans-Internet finance, which has culminated in the establishment of a digital bottom platform for the ants group and financial technology; (4) from 2017 to the present, it has taken root and completed a cloud-up of all product structures, while continuing to build a large centre to capture downstream customers.
A new round of high demand for digital transformation has shifted from a product-type company to a “platform-plus-service” role. With year-to-date revenue booms, the cattle market established its leading position in securitiesit in 2006-2007, followed by public service, the real revenue growth in software business has been significantly higher than overall revenue, and corporate hardware + by the end of 2014
With less than 5% of the aggregate income, companies have made a transformation of their product-type companies. Looking at the growth of firms, historically only, it is a combination of a large market downturn + the active contraction of some of their operations.
The surge in volume means that revenue from securities brokers can be raised simultaneously with the upgrades required by the system, but capital market reforms, which have accelerated since 2017, have made up for the negative impact of the decline in the volume of transactions, while the continued growth of the major financial services sector has kept the capital management IT business line growing at a good pace.
Looking back at the evolution of the business model, the change in the business model is most evident in changes in profitability, and the company ' s progress towards product transformation has been increasing, reaching 94 per cent in 2014 (in part due to changes in accounting standards).
The super-high Māori brought about by productization allows companies to continue to invest heavily in research and development and to ensure that products are upgraded, thereby creating a positive cycle. Recalculating “productivity” is built, returning to expansion in 20, 21 years.
As a result, for the first time in a year, the rapid expansion of the workforce, which is equally cyclical in nature, has been largely sustained by the capital market, for a number of reasons: (a) a sustained increase in investment in client services and the building of its own service-based human resource pool; and (b) a sustained increase in staff over the past 20 years.
This, of course, also reflects the landscape of industrial orders and corporate securities, and the rapid growth of innovative business. Disaggregates the business, large retail, right, with core capital products such as investment trading, centralized trading, ta, etc.
Business has maintained a positive growth trend, with income ratios remaining at around 15 per cent, and a smaller volume of data risk and infrastructure, silver, and industry, with business volumes of around 300 million. Therefore, it is important to focus on the constant growth, and to understand the growth dynamics of large retail and major capital management, and the prospects for innovation in Internet operations.
It is worth noting that in 2022, after the change of management team, there were some adjustments to the division of the business system: the original Retail in Atta (registry system), the insurance core system was transferred to the big fund, it and the company, the insurance core, the infrastructure.
The business structure is still dominated by a 2019 conversion to a “six-by-six” calibre. Big money: investment transactions & institutional services are made up of a permanent fist line.
A total of 1,706 million yuan, a 40 per cent increase over the same period. The main capital line of operations consists mainly of a series of o-product lines based on investment transactions, and a pb-based institutional service line to meet the needs of the public fundit infrastructure, private fund-raising, one-stop service.
The product lines are expected to benefit fully from the economic dividends of the transformation of wealth management and the “institutionalization” of a share. °45 Upline, leading to the digital transformation of the industry. From the point of view of the volume of business growth, the growth of the number of financial institutions, changes in business logic brought about by capital market reforms, and the continuous upgrading of their own products are the three main drivers.
The Chinese product mix takes a lot of time to grind (usually for several years), but it is also the core of the firm’s competitiveness. Looking back at the Hensingo series, the first version of O3, based on the oralce database, was released in 2003, the core business system, which supports many of these institutions, O32, was launched in 2007, and the early architecture became increasingly difficult.
At the beginning of 2020, a collaborative deployment of O45 with Huabao took place and two years to get the system online.
There is no need to dwell on advantages; assembly, pine coupling, open interfaces, and high scalability are all full-scale upgrades to o32. From a replacement point of view, the up-to-the-shelf of the HPF 45 can be considered as a milestone progress, and once it has stabilized and the advantages of performance upgrades are gradually demonstrated, o45 is expected to open a new replacement cycle.
Large retailing: uf3.0 and we6 product lines are built around centralized trading and ta. The constant retailing industry consists mainly of modules such as the bond dealer ' s core trading system, the fund register system (ta), the centralized trading system, the main customer being the voucher, while the wealth management business is oriented towards a vast wealth manager, such as the fund, the bond dealer, the bank, the trust, etc.
Large retail sales revenue in the years 15-21 amounted to $2.11 billion in 19.5 per cent of business volume in 2021, and a number of coupons were introduced and signed in the year, which is expected to be followed up in the midst of a wave of confidence-building and digital transformation.
Over the years, the financial science, technology and innovation landscape has emerged. Looking back into the area of innovation, the company's forward-looking exploration of the “Internet” orientation in 2009, after more than 10 years of accumulation, the company's innovative Internet business has become the third largest operating block of 15%, the income source of the innovation business.
Innovative Internet operations are centred on financial saas services and big data operations, with Māori rates reaching more than 80% (90% + before adjustment). Since the introduction of CyberChange Enterprises in 2010, companies have started exploring Internet finance services.
In 2016, the Department established Yun Yi and Yun Ki-chung subsidiaries, and completed their work on Big Wisdom (Hong Kong) in 2018.
Acquisitions, acceleration of cloud transformation and exploration of offshore markets; in the area of data, removal from sources continues to be explored, with companies establishing whales in 2017, acquisition of engenerous software in 2020 further integrating and upgrading corporate product lines, and based on data neutralization, in the area of artificial intelligence and block chains.
Innovative business can be divided into two major systems: financial cloud and big data. Looking at a consistent picture of innovative business, after a long period of Internet-based exploration and bottom-level technological change, the financial cloud business map has taken shape, the brokering, asset management, etc., has clouded the bottom structure and provided saas services.
In this area, the constant concentration of sources, the company ' s core subsidiary, established in 2010, continues to grow in large data areas, forming basic databases, applied databases, research terminals and derived large data products, combining its own advantage in the delivery of the infrastructure in the field of investment with continuous digitalization of enabling financial institutions.
Figure 58: The core subsidiaries of constant big data and the i-business core have flourished, and the financial technology has been promising in the 2.0 era. The constant innovation business is largely performed by the subsidiaries under the banner, with the financial cloud in the sky and Yun Yi in 2021 earning $170 million and $140 million, respectively.
Big data and i maps collected 2.9, 1.2, and 75 million yuan in 2021, respectively.Innovation is still at a high rate of expansion, with business models dominated by the saas model, standard software products. Some subsidiaries have achieved good profitability levels, and with software products, some of them have achieved good profitability.
Financial cloud: The focus of digitalization is constantly growing. The digital transformation of financial institutions is an important direction for the current computer, and the digital transition in the direction of the financial cloud is becoming a financial one.
In terms of structure, the market share of the 2021h2 settlement reached 5%, and in nearly three years it was first in the market for the financial cloud solution, with full potential. Figure 61: The financial cloud industry chain and core applications in the area of segmentation
Figure 62: Revenue from the financial cloud for the first time in the second half of 2021. 3 reforms are still on the way, and the digitalization trend has stagnated with 3.1 full registration, and institution-building has reached a milestone.
3.1.1 Capital market construction is a long way from overseas, capital market reform is entering the new era and the infrastructure is promising.
It's difficult for participants to say that they are mature, but looking at a share of history shows that institutional change and regulatory initiatives have a profound impact on markets. For capital market producers, especially the leaders, it is always true that every major capital market reform, in the short term, has led to a change in the business logic of financial institutions as an infrastructure system.
In the long term, capital market reforms (equity-sharing, new regulations, etc.) have opened up a growth path, and the demand space for it has been further opened.
From a securitization point of view, there is still room to raise the size of our capital markets. A review of our capital markets shows that China’s strong economic growth and its system-building drive high-quality capital market development at a time when we still have more capital markets than Taiwan and developed countries abroad.
The securitization rate (total market value/gdp) was 80% in 2021a (uncounted Hong Kong market and US-China stock) and compared horizontally with 2020 data, as compared with Taiwan, China, 227%, the United States (194%) and Japan, Korea.
In developed countries, only Germany’s securitization rate has remained low (about 60%). What is the significance of securitization in developed countries and regions? From the point of view of capital market system building, it can now be broadly divided into British-American and German-Japanese-owned banks.
The underlying factors are the top-level design of the country, the legal system, the financial system, and the structure of the industry. As a result, the British and the United States typically dominate the market in favour of innovation, while Germany represents a banker with a greater advantage in stability and the spread of mature technology.
The day is closer, but we can also see our achievements on the Internet and on cutting-edge innovations such as 5g, and the direction of accelerated industrial upgrading. In summary, by securitization rates, our capital market is still on the road, with more than double the space available for the United States.
Our share of direct financing differs significantly from that of foreign countries, and there is scope for improvement. We used to focus on indirect financing, with some pressure on financing costs, innovation promotion, and monetary policy transmission.
By contrast, the United States has reached over 90 per cent of direct financing in 15 years, so we still have a lot of room for direct financing. Strong development of direct financing requires prosperity and survival.
Capital markets are booming, and the trend towards “institutionalization” provides acceleration. Institutional reform and economic growth have been the driving forces behind the continued growth of our capital markets in recent years, and as investors’ education continues to improve, a share structure has developed.
There have been significant changes, with the share of professional institutions represented by public, private, venture capital and foreign capital increasing and the “institutionalization” of the shares increasing. For example, public funds, based on data from the end of 2021, hold a total market value of $6.44 trillion, or 7.03 per cent of the total market value; from another perspective.
According to published data, institutions (foreign + professional) held 21% of the market value in 2020, and have continued to climb in recent years. But, when compared to overseas, the share of United States capital markets exceeds 90%, and the scope for institutional growth in the era of major capital management remains vast.
3.1.2 At the dawn of the age of full registration, the capital market has reached a milestone in the reform of the capital market, and the registration system is expected to be fully completed.
The capital market is close. Our first exploration for registration was initiated in 2013, with the launch of the 2019 pilot project and the acceleration of the reform, which began in 2020, and the launch of the 2021 North Bank registration system.
Core system changes bring new dynamism to the growth of capital markets. Registration reform is a change in the market distribution system, which is now used in mature overseas markets (although there are variations in the details depending on the local context), and the nature of which is a shift from information disclosure to marketization. Looking back at the performance of registration since the creation of the board,
Market-led, policy-driven initiatives have led to a marked increase in the number of companies listed on science and innovation boards and in the number of front-line technologies, represented by pharmaceutical biology, electronics, mechanical equipment, computers, that have accelerated the arrival of science and technology, with significant results. Comprehensive registration reforms are expected to generate 1,079 million incremental space.
It is expected that another restructuring of its infrastructure will result in a corresponding upgrading and upgrading needs. Reference is made to the change in the register of business boards, where changes in the system bring about a change in business logic for both the securities broker and the buyer’s investment end business, which will require an upgrade of the IT infrastructure, while moving back-office as the corresponding business continues after the reform.
Camp modules also need to be adapted (e.g. wind control, compliance, etc.). In the light of the experience of the past, the start-up board registration system, based on industry research, it is conservative to expect that an average of $3 million will be required for the remodelling of vouchers, $2 million for the remodeling of the institution, and $2 million for purchasing systems such as bank finance, trust, etc.
For lightweight clients, conservatively projected average home change costs at $1 million. The construction of the North Passage has continued to flourish, and the increment of the it cannot be ignored. The North Passage was announced in September 2021, and despite the shift of the base system to the new three-board elite, it has risen to the level of the exchange, with the corresponding amount of renovation work still going on.
Considerable. He has assisted the relevant financial institutions in improving the opening of accounts, the front end of transactions, and the liquidation of middle- and back-office transactions, and in supporting the North Crossing Business Block display, investor education, the opening of qualified investor privileges, the opening of a common trading community, and easy access, leading to the landing of the previous, medium- and back-office integrated transformation programme.
To test the ecological construction and market performance required for the North Passage to gradually attract more institutional involvement and increase the purchase of the modules, we preferred the upgrading of the basic modules by financial institutions in the lead-up to the conservative expectation that the average cost of retrofitting a voucher vendor would be $2 million, or $1 million per head of household.
3.2 The wave of digitalization will come, and digitalization & IT-driven service transformation 3.2.1 Digitalization will lead to a change in the architecture of the intuitive direction `digitization' into a new wind, spearheaded by financial institutions. `145' released in December 2021
The Digital Economic Development Plan sets out clear directions for the next phase of China’s economic development, and the transformation of digitalization into a social consensus. From the perspective of financial institutions, digitization has always been an area of focus for major institutions.
The financial sector’s digital transformation is expected to open the way for digitalization as a pioneer force. How do financial institutions digitalize?
For traditional financial institutions, brand differences are raised by digital means, in a context of high homogenization and increased competition.
In the case of securities companies, in the era of major capital management, digitalization drives the transformation of wealth management operations from the past model of sales and services to the model of account management and integrated services under asset allocation.
Structural change is far-reaching, and bottom-level change is often an opportunity for an int manufacturer. After more than a decade, the faults of a centralized rack have become more pronounced. Technically, high-load, high-concentration centralized databases tend to be held together, with minor errors causing the industry to shut down; closed-source commercial systems used cannot satisfy the scalding of Internet operations for expansion.
In the context of the twin demands of digital transformation and financial innovation, the core system architecture is moving towards distribution, clouds, and adaptation to the home-grown software and hardware ecology, which is becoming a necessary trend. For a consistent population, core products uf3.0 and o45 have already been upgraded, while downstream clients ' demand for coupling and high expansion is also driven by demand.
The center is perfected, the front-end business is empowered by financial technology. The center is independent of Ali and increasingly accepted by downstream customers, and the three center-stages of business, data, technology are in demand. In essence, the center value is high.
After years of development, the data center has become a strong demand for digital transformation, and the low-code development platforms of the major int producers have been entering the market. From the bottom to the center to the application level, the deeper the interface with the business scene also means more customization, from gold.
From the point of view of integrating technological development, enabling investment end-of-life operations, by means of big data and ai, is a better-suited and easier-to-digitized product. Technological innovation + policy resonance, and innovation is becoming an important driving force for financial institutions’ input.
The value-for-money, non-autonomous control disadvantage of the medium distribution is becoming increasingly evident, and the national production distribution core system is being created to replace engineering with precision-based, centralized pain spots that drive the distributional structure of the financial sector. At the same time, in previous financial letters one/two pilots, the message replacement began to extend from the office oa system to the business system and the core system.
This year, policies such as the Financial Science and Technology Development Plan (2022-2025), the Guidance for Digital Transformation in Banking Insurance, etc., are published, and three pilot projects are expected to double to more than 400, and the scale application of financial innovation will accelerate in depth and breadth.
3.2.2 In the midst of the digitalization wave, the re-establishment of services to understand customer needs, the high profile of the digitalization industry, and the increased investment of securitiest manufacturers. Since 2020, with the digitalization transition, financial institutions have increased their spending, which has been driven by the simultaneous growth of credit creation.
Demand is on the rise, and, against this background, the industry is “expanding” to seize the opportunity of financial digitalization. In 2020 and 2021, the number of permanent employees was 9739 and 13310, respectively, and in 17-19, the size of the industry’s firms, such as gold medals and tops, expanded.
Similar trends can also be observed in the banking sector, where the manufacturers of it are able to positively recruit people to demonstrate the high demand in the industry. Expanders are strengthening their services, searching for the next product-generation direction in a digital wave.
During the exchange, Heung-sung management referred to the direction of the follow-up, focusing on the client first, following the four main strategic directions of productization, digitization, light, eaaas clouding. In the light of the current digitalization process, the major agencies are exploring and trying, and in the face of this constant trend, they also choose to expand their staff to close to the client figures.
By 2020, 2021, the company as a whole grew more rapidly than its research and development staff, essentially by increasing the size of its clients' customized development and on-site implementation, and by providing sufficient staff reserves for “digital intelligence” transformations.
Front-line exploration: financial cloud and big data business, high growth in industry. At the end of the application, constant deployment in the financial cloud and big data fields for years, core products uf 3.0 and o45 have completed the cloud transformation of the bottom structure, and light-scale applications for public and private fund-raising have also completed the cloud model product line, through the number of financial cloud-enabling institutions.
The annual financial cloud market space of $33,46, and $6.6 billion, respectively, remained at about 40%, significantly ahead of the traditional financialit market. In terms of market structure, infrastructure (e.g., public and private clouds) remained the main area of institutional investment, reaching 70% of the market size in 2021, largely in line with the Chinese cloud plan.
Together with clients: the permanent Light technology brand is published, exploring digital futures with clients. Focusing on the digital layout of the biogeonomic system, based on years of research and development investment in infrastructureit, the company is now in place.
Through the Light Technology Alliance, Heng will build and share the Light platform with partners, build a professional exchange community in the financial sector and connect to the industry.
Industry experience, co-construction technology standards, exploration of cutting-edge technologies to help in the digital transformation of the financial sector. 3.3 Capital market it is built, and how much room is there? 3.3.1it has a lower market share, and space can be expanded.
In absolute terms and intensity of inputs, the investment of securities firms has continued to increase as capital market reforms deepen and the digital transition has intensified, starting in 2018, with information investments increasing at 58% and 32% respectively in 2019 and 2020.
In general, it is the budget system, where expenditure as a share of the income of the previous year is a better indicator of investment, and after 2018, it is a long way from overseas to overseas. In absolute terms, our portfolio investment has grown considerably in recent years, but there is still a significant gap compared to the world’s leading investment organization.
According to the annual report, Morgan Chase and Citigroup invested up to $10.3 billion, compared to $4 billion in the country as a whole. In terms of spending structure, the top five companies contributed 24 per cent, the top 10 38 per cent, and coupons have been growing rapidly for almost three years.
Since 2019, our public funds have been booming for three years, with 150 managers and 25 trillion dollars in asset management in 2021. Thanks to the growth in the size of our management, the public funds’ income has broken down, and 58 public funds are currently being raised.
The Fund has disclosed revenue and net profits, with a total managed non-monetary fund size of 72%. According to 58 public funds for public goods and profits, in 2021, a break-down of $135.2 billion and a net profit of $37.2 billion were recorded.
According to the most conservative caliber, the market share is still low. The boom in capital markets and the literal transformation of capital markets have led to increased investment in it by securities companies and foundations, for example, 19 and 19.
From the perspective of the securities firm, the share of the capital market as a whole, measured by top four securities public revenues, declined from year to year, to less than 20% in 2020. Thus, the market space that securitiest could explore is expanding from the point of view of aggregates, with a variety of firms.
The “empowering” behaviour is easy to understand. Industrial trends have come to 3.3.2. The new generation of product diffusion, structural change and financial innovation are driving the infrastructure to a new and iterative cycle.
But at this point in time, capital-marketit infrastructure has entered the prelude to a new replacement cycle: 1) figures.
The wave of globalization will be accompanied by a growing diversity in the demand for it by the fact that the int architecture of 10 years ago has been unable to meet the pre-existing demand, and institutions have a great deal to do with the expansion of the bottom system and the opening up of interfaces; 2) financial innovation will be triggered by the matching of their products with the domestic production base of soft and hardware, and by the creation of financial innovation for the securities integrators.
The combination of digitization is expected to further accelerate the promotion and replacement of new products.
1. A significant increase in the volume of transactions, which was difficult to support 10 years ago; 2. Increased demand for personalization and greater demand for bottom interface openness and expansion
Hengsheng's two major fists are on the line, and the year 2022 is expected to be the year of financial innovation, and the trend towards national production at the bottom of the numbers is accelerating.
In 2019, uf3.0 was released and went online for multiple coupons.
Capital market reform and financial innovation are still on the way. Since 2018, new rules and innovations have opened a new era in our capital markets, and, at this point in time, the year 2022 promises to fully benefit from the dividends of capital reforms:
1) The construction of the North Passage and the corresponding upgrade of the IT trading system brought about by the new North Passage, while with the continued improvement of the North Passage Ecologic, the institutional input to the North Passage (especially the wind control compliance of the operating system, etc.) the upgrading of the flow of science and innovation panels and the constant existence of mature market-based systems, the same is true for the ongoing reform of the North Console.
The company has brought about a sustained int increase. 3) Full registration, which is the “Nine Noise Project” of the capital market reform, is an important milestone towards maturity in our capital market.
There is a huge demand for upgrading and upgrading financial-it manufacturers like Hengsheng. 4) Bonds are issued, there are currently multiple markets for bond issuance (interbanks, CDRCs), and the establishment of a unified bond-issuance system is also an important point of view for future IT construction.
5) Vision for change: Registration is the most central issue system reform for a mature capital market. However, there are still significant gaps in the trading system, the de-market system, the investor threshold, the innovation of trading instruments, and there are still many areas in which the institution-building of our capital market needs to be improved.
In recent years, as capital and market reforms continue to deepen, the size of the public funds sector has grown rapidly, increasing 11 times from $2.19 trillion to $2,566 million between 2011 and 2021. In this context, the CVM has issued a press release.
The Opinion on Accelerating the Development of Quality in the Public Fund Industry, which explicitly proposes a modest easing of the number of cards held in public funds, allowing for “one-to-one cards, one-size-fits-all” to incubate innovation and focus on research with a view to promoting differential development. By improving the whole chain of supervision, the good-for-profit public fund industry has expanded again.
4 Building on overseas, looking at the securitiesit growth path 4.1. Overseas financial technology giants. 4.1.1 Top 100 fintech manufacturers around the world.
The world’s top financial technology firm has a strong and growing status. From a global perspective, the Financial Technology Corporation, based on the list published by idc, has remained largely stable for almost five years (notably the first five), which is also related to the properties of the financial science and technology industry.
In the United States, the remaining two are India and Japan. Capital Markets, Inc., are mainly four manufacturers in the United States: fis, cts, ss&c, and virtufinancial. Top5 producers ' income structure is dismantled: M & A brings a variety of layouts, and services are the main model.
In terms of the income structure of financial technology producers, the focus on financial IT services is only on the ss&cs, the fisserves, fis, high-tech, infosys, etc. The capital market, banking, business-it advisory services, etc. In terms of business models, offshore finance firms are mostly based on consulting outsourcing services, with the Māori rate at around 30-50%.
Financial interests in mature capital markets continue to grow well from a growth-oriented point of view. Since 2017, leading financial and technological companies have enjoyed good market value growth, with the exception of cts (Gots) and large companies.
Both have achieved rising incomes, and M&As, in addition to endogenous dynamics, are often important tools. This can also be seen on the side, and in a highly developed capital market and banking market environment abroad, financialit companies still have incentives to grow (e.g., ass&c spends £1,243 million on the acquisition of blueprism, the leader of the rpa), in contrast to me.
Capital market construction in the country continues to vary widely, and corporate growth and business models are possible in different environments. 4.1.2 FIS: Financial first fis: Lead Financialit in a series of years, buys sungard to the securitiesit market.
It is the world’s leading financial-it service provider, starting with the bank in the early years, and gradually expanding to the areas of consulting services, business services, capital markets, etc. Since 2015, companies have been able to re-engineer their business systems through M & As integration and divestiture, and now form a bankit (fis master) + capital marketit (acquisitions of capital markets)
A three-wheel-drive business system for payments and finance technology (buying of worldpay).
The acquisition costs and the layout of the worldpay in the area of payment equipment and hardware have placed the company on a clear margin, starting to improve in 2021, with a net profit of $420 million for the mother for the year, an increase of 164%. The three major operations have grown steadily, and the industry model is also dominated by customization.
Bankit revenues were the largest, accounting for about 46%, and payments and business services grew faster, while capital market operations grew more or less smoothly in the last three years, reaching $2.6 billion a year in 2021. From financial indicators, two strategic acquisitions were made to structure the business system. Companies started with banks, initially by acquiring traditional silver.
The company expanded its operations; in 2006, the company acquired Certegy with $1.8 billion to market the shell, then began a rapid expansion of its operations, acquired Metavante in 2009 at $4.19 billion, and strengthened its banking and payment operations. In 2015, the company completed its largest acquisition at that time: $5.08 billion
Since 2017, the Department has gradually severed some of its operations and, through targeted acquisitions, focused on the financial science and technology sector: in 2017, the company sold a sum of 850 million dollars for the public sector and education ("ps&e") and a total of 469 million for capco 60%.
In 2019, a record US$ 48.25 billion in high-value electronic commerce acquisition service provider, Worldpay, and 780 million in late 2021, dedicated to Sayrix of the Saas platform, were able to re-enhance the financial science and technology industry.
4.1.3 Ss&c: Covering the full flow of funds, acquiring the extension of the business boundary ss&c: Covering the full-process solution of investment institutions. As the world ' s largest hedge fund and private equity regulator, companies focus on buyers, and build up portfolio management and portfolio accounting software.
In 2017, revenues reached $1,546 million, representing more than 90 per cent of the year’s income. From mid-level portfolio management, to front-office transactions, back-office compliance, companies formed a complete product line. In addition, ss&c operated with globalization, and managed solutions were applied in nearly 60 countries, involving 22 trillion dollars in transactions.
Internal and M&As drive growth. Ss&c started with asset management software products in the early years, and growth was largely driven by extended M&As. Companies made large-scale acquisitions in 2018, resulting in significant revenue end-to-end increases, while profits were reduced by the consolidation of acquisitions and the suppression of interest costs.
In terms of the Māori rate and employee structure, the company is dominated by IT services. The company’s main model is software services, and revenue can probably be divided into software support services (over 80%) and licensing, maintenance, etc.
A similar conclusion can be drawn from the Māori rate, which is around 45% of the company’s overall Māori rate, with a relatively high permit to maintain Māori, which can be used as an important tool for company growth by extending and buying the product line.
Focusing on hedge fund management services and also starting to explore frontier areas such as clouds and rpa. The company’s previous rounds of large mergers and acquisitions took place in 2015 and 2018, with $2.6 billion spent in 2015 to buy adventsoftware and expand the global investment management software; 54, 1450 million and 1.5 billion, respectively, in 2018.
US dollar acquisitions further improved hedge funds and private equity services. In 2021, the company again spent $1.65 billion to buy the rpa-led business bluepolism. Indeed, the company has taken over 19 acquisitions, 11 of which exceeded $100 million, in 2010 to date.
4.1.4 There is a big difference in the amount of life compared to the size of the overseas giants, which has not yet opened the M & As initiative. From the size of the company, there is a big gap between the number of life expectancy and the number of foreign financial technology giants, which reached 862 million in 2021.
The income-side cagr is 21%, more of which is derived from a constant endogenous growth; and the ss&c has achieved a 31% compound growth with a wide range of M&As. In summary, he or she is still on a predominantly endogenous growth path, growing together with China’s capital markets, and moving towards maturity can also be expanded by foreign M&As.
There are differences in business models, and the transition to clouds and services is a visible trend. Foreign financial-intellect producers, with models dominated by custom software and outsourced services, can be seen in terms of both Māori and net interest rates.
A strong self-research capability and the importance attached to financial science and technology are highly relevant. But, in the model, cloud-treating pathways (e.g., sungard under the Fis flag, which has continued to boost operations in recent years) and business models linked to the size of aum (e.g., aladdin, the Belede self-owned management system) all have mature commercial landings abroad.
The share of income abroad varies widely, and financial technology is vast. The share of the two giants, Fis, ss&c, in North America, has remained above 25%, while the constant still stands at around 5%.
From the perspective of the field, capital market construction in the developing world is just beginning, as is overseas space. 4.2 “Introduction” and “exit”, the constant construction of the financial-it-high-iron model, the constant strategic collaboration with the finastra, the absorption of advanced offshore financial-it technology.
D+h ' s Finastra, consolidated in 2017, deals with loans, payments, capital and capital markets, digital and retail banks, business and commercial banks, investment management, etc., with modularization of all types
197+. In 2020, the company established a strategic partnership with Henseng Electronic and jointly developed a new version of the introduction of the investmentinvest portfolio management system in the finastra; in 2021, hesitant acquisition funds and summits and opics under the capital market module, cut into the bank ' s financial management system.
Figure 115: Main operations data for the year 2018: acquisition of Summit operations, placement of bankit high barriers operations. In November 2021, Hensen increased the amount of $630 million to a subsidiary, Yunwon Network, of which $420 million was used to purchase the summit operations of the Finastra company.
There are three aspects to this acquisition: 1) absorbing the technology of overseas leading itt, summit targeting the bank ' s financial management and trading system, with extremely high technical and industry understanding barriers, and promising to fully absorb advanced technology from overseas after a permanent acquisition; 2) breaking down the business model.
The summit operations charge banks with license and implementation fees, followed by annual bank-income licensing fees; 3) in coordination with existing operations, there is a consistent strategic collaboration with Finastra and the financial systems for small and medium-sized banks have been acquired, and the merger between the two is expected to further develop their leading position in the banking sector.
Going to the sea is to be expected, with higher levels of acceptance of products and saas and licensing fees abroad. In terms of technological strength, in addition to some mature capital market segmentation (e.g. complex derivatives), China’s financial technology producers are relatively strong and do not lag far behind overseas in the exploration of business models.
Corporations. China Financial Science and Technology, a company represented by Helium, began to try to go out to sea and export China's leading financial-it technology to neighboring countries in South-East Asia, while overseas acceptance of models such as License, licence fees, saas was higher than the country's revenue from a permanent electronic business abroad for 2009-2021.
5.1 Profit projection assumptions are split up with business Revenues that can be divided into large retail, big capital, innovative Internet operations, banking and industry, data risk and infrastructure, and six main directions of non-financial operations, notably companies in the first quarter of 2022
However, because of the temporary absence of annual data on the adjusted calibre, we still choose to split and forecast the company ' s revenues under the original calibre. 1) Large retailit: mainly securities brokerage, wealth management, core products uf3.0,
We6 products, which we believe to be driven by uf3.0 promotion, capital market reforms, financial innovation and so on, remain the main drivers of high corporate growth, and we expect revenues from the 22-24 year Retailit operation to be significant: mainly investment management systems, institutional services systems, including cores of o45, i2 etc.)
Product, capital management is the core product of the company, and we believe that in 2022, with the boom in the capital sector, and facilitated by the expansion of the o45 and the reform of the capital market, it is expected that the major capital management IT operation will reach a three-year period of rapid development, and 3) Innovative Internet operations: Innovative Internet with financial cloud, big data at its core, are expected to become a company.
The third engine of growth, the financial cloud, is now one of the fastest growing subdivisions in financial science and technology. (4) Data risk and infrastructure it&bank and industry it: for data risk and industry finance, the business model is close to customization and outsourcing, and the industry has a certain cyclicality.
Personnel have led to a decline in human effectiveness, and business Māori rates are expected to return to the upward trend as the expansion of company staff slows down and per capita output efficiency slows down; on the other hand, business system replacement experience has also increased, as new company products uf3.0 and o45 continue to go online, thus also contributing to the recovery of Māori product rates.
On the cost side, due to the impact of the 2022 epidemic, we expect the company ' s business activity to be partially blocked, and then the resumed session will gradually return to normal spending, taking into account the company ' s excellent management capacity, management costs, R & D costs. On the other hand, the company ' s net return profit is usually higher than the net profit after deduction, because the company holds it.
A large number of traded financial assets (covering stocks, funds, trusts, bank finance, etc.) affect the company’s profit performance each year through investment gains and gains and losses on fair values. According to the financial assets held by the company in 2021, a total of $5.04 billion is reported, resulting in investment gains of $150 million and fair value changes of $420 million for the company.
It is difficult to predict accurately the year-round fluctuations in financial assets and the possible impact on corporate perceived profits. In the case of companies in 2018, returns on investments & gains and losses on fair value changes in that year resulted in a combined profit contribution of $107 million to the company.
On the basis of the above analysis and projections, we expect to achieve a business income of 68.93 per year in 2022-2024, a rolling market surplus of 49 times, compared with a constant pe (ttm) average of 70 times over the last three years, a constant valuation of three years in the middle of a three-year period under multiple negative factors, with the company expected to rise as the market mood stabilizes.
Horizontal comparisons, depending on how he/she is valued, vary from one computer to the next. Because of the wide variations in downstream industries, and the same wide variations between the business models of different manufacturers, there are also significant differences in the valuation methods between computer companies and the valuation findings, and we select the leading players in the software fields.
For reference purposes, including the Kimsan office, the University of Science, the Friends Network, the United Nations, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, Japan, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
Undervalued, and thus maintained the “recommend” rating for persistent electronics. 1) Capital market reform processes have not been as expected. Capital market reforms have been an important driver of sustained performance growth since 2016, and in 2022 we can see that systemic reforms are still accelerating.
But if the epidemic, the economic environment, and changes in the capital market environment lead to slower capital market reforms, there is a risk that the incremental demand for it will be lower than expected, thereby affecting the growth of corporate performance. 2) The epidemic will repeatedly affect the delivery of the company. Since March 2022, the epidemic has been repeated and upwards.
Sea seal cities have had a significant negative impact on computer companies, and most projects need to be delivered to and received from the client sites. The epidemic has now subsided, with the risk that the company’s operations will again be adversely affected if the outbreak continues.
Under the pole effect, it is expected that the product will continue to pervade the diffusion, which may have a negative impact on the extension of the company ' s new products if the company ' s delivery capacity is impaired and the new products are delivered and maintained less than expected. 4) Self-research on the head is intensified. Self-research on the head is a certain trend, but the company is focused on the promotion of new products.
Research and development of the bottom-it system vary somewhat from the client’s focus. If a follow-up client increases its self-research input and redirects it towards the bottom-based trading system, there is a risk that research will result in a methodological and analytical logic for the company’s future market space, produce the present report independently and objectively, and be held accountable for its content and views.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.