The core product is going well, and the financial integrator is very thin, and the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (SAFRD) is very active.
Events: The company published its annual report for 2021, which achieved operating income of $5.50 billion, an increase of 31.7 per cent over the same period; the net profit on maternity was 1.46 billion, an increase of 10.7 per cent over the same period; the net profit on non-repatriation was 950 million, an increase of 29.0 per cent over the same period.
• Retailit and Investmentit are showing good performance, and the new generation of products is moving well. Sub-operational. 1) Large Retailit platform uf3.0 has been fully operational and in-depth collaboration with multiple head voucher customers; 2) Large Retailit business: 1.71 billion yuan, an increase of 39.8 per cent, with 045 products in the fund industry.
The first customer is now officially on the line, and the value of 6.0 on securities, banks, trusts, funds is increasing; 3) Internet innovation: 80 million yuan, an increase of 33.7 per cent, each subsidiary steadily opening the market: 4) data risks and infrastructure entourage: 350 million yuan, an increase of the same amount
18.6% were added to the new modules during the reporting period, resulting in a good growth in the number of clients on the ground; 5) banking and production 17 operations: 350 million, a reduction of 2.5% in comparison with the same period, while the medium-level strategy continued to deepen, further strengthening cooperation with stock-based banks and head-town comptoirs.
In response to the need to build a new generation of IT systems that began in the financial and technological age, in 2021 the company's workforce was significantly expanded to 13310, a net increase of 3,571 from the beginning of the year;
Phased results, uf3.0, o45, valuing core products such as 6.0 and a new generation of tas have all completed the cloud-based architecture upgrade, more than 30 business systems have completed the IT-adaptation test, and the Light Cloud platform strategy has continued to deepen. As the series matures, subsequent roll-on accelerates, the Māori ratio is expected to recover, and the profit margin is expected to expand.
The total amount of money to be repurchased is no less than $100 million and no more than $150 million per share.
Ten years later, companies are expected to issue a new round of equity incentives after the repurchase is completed, with the prospect of creating a long-term incentive mechanism to motivate employees and show the company’s confidence in its future development. Reforms in domestic capital markets will continue to generate demand for the upgrading of the system, and information on downstream financial institutions.
Increased inputs are expected; companies are long-term leaders in terms of technology and market ownership, and will continue to benefit from the development of the financial science and technology era, the upscaling of new generation products is expected to accelerate, product-by-product risk: downstream financial institutions are not investing as much as expected.
Founded in 1995 and listed on the main board of dealers in 2003, he is the country's leading provider of financial technology products and services, mainly for securities, futures, public funds, trusts, insurance, private funds, banks and industries, exchanges and new ones.
Clients such as the Hing industry, which provides one-stop financial technology solutions, have now formed large retailit, big capitalit, banking and industry it, data risk and infrastructureit, and a number of innovative Internet lines. Over the years, companies have received many credit cards with strong brand influence and industry-led product technology: idc has been rated securities software, bank intermediary software supply.
In keeping with the development of our capital markets and the application of financial science and technology, companies have undergone three phases of business development, Internet transformation and intellectual and digital innovation upgrading: 1) Business development phase (1995-2005): establishment of trading spaces, improvement of regulatory systems and capital markets
The opening of the financial e-transformation phase has led companies to expand the scope of their operations according to the needs of their users and to create a basic business board based on securities, banks, and funds. The business model of each company is dominated by project delivery, which takes orders from its head customers and becomes securities.
At the same time, companies began to reduce integrated operations, sharpen standardized products, and transform to product-based companies. 3) The period of intellectual and digital innovation upgrading (2015-to date): the financial science and technology era, domestic capital markets.
Reforms are deepening, with companies using state-of-the-art financial institutions such as clouds, high performances, big data, artificial intelligence, block chains, etc. to become intelligent and digitally transformed. At this point, companies begin to change their platforms, set up a three-tier R & D system, and gradually start trying to charge them on a flow-by-flow basis.
Table 1: The three stages of the company ' s development: ants ' technology is powerful, leading to intelligent and digital transformation. The founder of Alibaba, Maun, is the company ' s real controller through ants ' technology, Hensen Electronics. As of April 2022, ants ' technology held 20.72% of the company ' s shares.
The top ten shareholders of the company are mainly founders and institutional investors, with a clear and stable equity structure. For more than 20 years in the financialit industry, the company has developed deep IT technology and b-source accumulation, combining advanced technology such as forward-looking configurations of the ant group in financial science and technology, platform operating experience, flow entrances, and cloud computing, block chains, both of which are operational.
In addition, in February 2022, the company issued a notice that it intended to repurchase some of its public shares by means of a centralized bid transaction, using its own funds, for equity incentives or employee holding schemes. The total amount of funds to be repurchased is not less than $100 million and not more than $150 million, and the return price per share is not more than $80 per share.
Almost 10 years after the case, it is expected that the company will issue a new round of equity incentives after the repurchase has been completed, with the prospect of creating a long-term incentive mechanism to motivate the workforce to show the company’s confidence in future development.
The era of financial science and technology has come at a time when policies have continued to drive and information technology investment in the industry is expected to increase. The financial sector is now moving towards digitalization, intelligence, and the integration of cutting-edge technology and business such as artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing, block chains, etc., has become a necessary tool for reducing efficiency gains in the industry, but the scale and weight of investment in information in the securities sector is much worse than overseas.
In recent years, the country has been adopting a number of policies that are oriented to the science and technology-enabling financial sector. Following the issuance of the first round of the Financial Science and Technology Development Plan (2019-2021) by the Central Bank in 2019, on 4 January 2022, the Central Bank again published the Financial Services Technical Development Plan (2022-2025), which promotes the deep integration of science and technology with the financial sector and proposes to strengthen financial science and technology governance.
To strengthen data capacity-building across the board, to deepen the financial application of digital technology, and to set up specific tasks such as integration of business, technology, data integration, medium-level operations, etc., with a view to achieving a cross-cutting increase in overall levels and core competitiveness by 2025.
On the demand side: domestic capital market reforms have continued to expand and deepen in recent years, and financial science and technology have played an important role in the financial sector’s entry into the digital economy. Financial markets have been undergoing a process of restructuring and restructuring of trade markets, changes in trading rules, diversification of trade products and greater openness to the outside world.
On the supply side, as financial institutions increase their demand for differentiated customer services and autonomous control, financial institutions continue to strengthen their investment in financial science and technology, and competition is increasing in various areas. The financial sector’s borders are expanding.
Under the circumstances, it is expected that E-Standards will be able to tap into new profit growth points in areas such as capital management, customer service, marketing, operations, wind control, etc., with technological leadership and deep business diversity. Table 3: In-depth capital market reforms, unleashing the need for financial IT reform to upgrade
In 2018, Hessing proposed four “online” strategies to upgrade the company's operational capacity and technical architecture and expand its business type. In 2019, based on the “online” strategy, the company developed a “six and six” business layout that provides clients with a one-stop solution based on a microservice architecture to better support them.
Financial institutions restructure business processes, product resources, and even business models. “6 rows” refers to solutions in an online environment that reconfigure business processes, business logic, business model. 6 Large vertical business areas are: large retailit (for wealth management, brokering), large capital managementit (for asset management, institutions).
Services), banking and industrialit operations, and financial infrastructure in its six main areas of operation. “6-way” refers to the upgrading of micro-services architecture, with six major horizontal basic services areas: risk compliance, technology counters, data and ai components, saas, toto/kpo, bpo and operation of six main services.
Figure 2: Electronic "6 by 6" business maps and corresponding brands covering nine major industry clients, offering one-stop solutions securities, funds, banks, trusts, futures, insurance, private fundraising, exchanges, cash controls
Maintenance of investment M & As and expansion of business lines. 1) Business area: On the basis of the acquisition of the Heng Xinlin Company, the company acquired the business and intellectual property rights related to the Finastra financial management system in mainland China and Hong Kong and Austra, and integrated its operations with the control subsidiary Yun Winning Network, improving the company ' s financial trading system.
The Department continues to promote investment in the eco-economic aspects of financial technology, investing in a group of technological start-up companies, such as Starry Sky, Herotech and others, and working together in the relevant business areas.
Cooperation wins. 3) Market layout: the company continues to advance its internationalization strategy by acquiring, through its controlling subsidiary, cloud-controlled shares, the shares of Malaysia ' s leading trading settlement supplier, n2nconnect23.66 per cent, and by the income structure of the company, the share of revenue contributed to the company ' s operations has remained stable and the core business has grown faster.)
In the period under review, a new generation of company products was well under way, with a growing number of clients contracted: the securities integrated financial services platform uf3.0 in the area of large retail was fully operational and distributed.
At the same time, O45 products in the major capital sector have been officially introduced to the Fund’s first customers, valued.
6.0 In terms of securities, banks, trusts, and foundations, multiple co-clients. 2) The third largest increase in corporate performance is Internet-based cloud technology. There have been major breakthroughs in product technology architecture and client orders. 3) In addition, corporate data winds, risks and infrastructure operations have generally been well developed, bottom-level data have been expanded, 23 new customers have been added to the data center, and
Expanding local financial digital regulation, etc., is expected to scale up in the future; corporate banking and industrialit lines perform steadily, and medium-level strategies continue to deepen. Performance as a whole remains robust, with the profit-end burdened by increased investment in 2021.
The impact of policies and the location of new products, and the loss of impairment of assets during the reporting period was 230 million yuan less than in the previous year, and in 2021 the company actually lost 950 million yuan in net profit from the non-mother, an increase of 29.0 per cent compared to 29.0 per cent. The huge demand for information-based construction and transformation as a result of the deepening reforms in financial markets, the firm as a leading product, technology and service provider, and short-term high inputs to enhance the competitiveness of products.
(i) Cost end: The overall Māori ratio of the company declined significantly in 2020, mainly because the company adopted new income guidelines for project development implementation and maintenance related to contractual performance obligations.
In 2021, the company ' s combined Māori rate was 73.0%, compared to the same period in the previous year: 2021, as a result of the increase in corporate sales costs, management costs, and financial costs of 10.2% (+1.67 pp), 12.4%, and further downward pressure on the rop, as well as the company ' s active introduction of changes in management systems such as ltc, ipt and others, to strengthen them.
Continued high levels of R & D inputs and a new generation of products that are competitive. Corporate R & D costs have long been at the forefront of the industry, and in response to the demand for new products brought about by capital market reforms, firms increased their investment further in 2021, with R & D spending reaching $2.14 billion.
The company has invested heavily in the development and roll-out of new products and upgrading of core products: core products uf3, o45, valuation 6, new generation ta, complete technological upgrades of cloud-based technologies, and the light technology platform continues to do well, publishing lightdb, liightcore, etc., and the follow-up on-line progress is to be expected.
1) Large Retailit: As a result of the boom in the country ' s securities market, the investment of bond dealers in information technology is expected to continue to grow, and the company ' s new generation of uf3.0 Integrated Securities Financial Services platform has been fully operational, with annual growth rates of 30 per cent, 27 per cent and 25 per cent in the technology of the distributed cloud-based architecture.
2. Large-scale management of the financial market, with the increase in openness and innovation of our financial markets, the number of asset management agencies in the country will continue to grow, and the size and complexity of asset management operations will continue to increase: while the company ' s core product, O45, valuation 6.0, etc., has begun to move gradually to multiple bond dealers, foundations, bank finance, etc., and is expected to build a pole effect.
3) Data risk and infrastructure: Increased use of financial science and technology is also expected to bring about the need for prudential regulation. 4) Banks and industry: companies publish corporate financial c9 brands, medium-level strategies continue to deepen, and the Internet innovation business is strengthened. 5) The financial sector is gaining momentum, with subsidiaries completing product and architecture upgrades, and
7) Cost-control initiatives are being implemented, and their follow-up will be evident; with the maturity of a new generation of products, Māori rates are coming back, taking into account the scope of operations and selecting four comparable companies involved in industrial informatization for valuation comparisons. All of these comparable companies are at a critical input stage of cloud transformation, based on a new generation of products based on distributed cloud-based structures.
In 2022, the industry averaged 12 times, and the company averaged 9 times less than the industry average. Given that reforms in domestic capital markets will continue to generate demand for the upgrading of the int system, it is expected that the information-based inputs of downstream financial institutions will increase; companies will have long-term access to technology and markets.
Being a national leader will continue to benefit from the development of the financial science and technology era, with a new generation of products expected to be scaled up, with the expansion imposing cost pressures; the spread of new products falling short of expectations; the risk of overseas M & As integration; and downstream financial institutions that have not received, and will not receive, any form of compensation either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.