Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services (CITE) Permanent Electronics (600570.0.sh) buy-in (first rating) based on a priori advantage and committed to long-term insight
The capital market system is a standardized industry best practice.
The challenge is to learn from the client’s business know-how, where firms that often have a pre-emptive advantage have a better opportunity to grind products together with their customers and thus have a higher rate of market ownership. Companies have focused customers, focused systems of industry best practices, and existing competition patterns are more difficult in the short term.
In the long run, we believe that corporate value anchors capital market development and space ceilings are difficult to measure. There is a trend towards integration of the transactions of companies in various types of financial products. Companies have an advantage in brokering/capital trading systems.
Visible; expected comparative advantage of other new product trading systems in the context of trade integration trends; 2) extensive customer coverage of companies, which facilitates access to up-to-date demand for all types of customers; 3) software type Tob has a relatively high tolerance for errors in time, even if the company is not the first to see new business needs in the market
In the medium term, we believe that the industry as a whole is expected to maintain a combined growth rate of more than 20% over the next three years, and that the pattern of competition is expected to remain firm. At present, financial institutions are moving toward large-scale wealth and technology.
Distributive numerically intelligent transformations and regulatory capital market reforms are still accelerating. Companies are also well positioned to “institutionalize” industry trends. And we are talking about Beta, which is not in the middle of a firm’s portfolio, a stock exchange, or an increase in the size of the business board.
In the short term, companies have benefited mainly from: 1) overall improvement in human effectiveness; 2) large retailing, major capital management, Internet-based labelling and general promotion of new core business systems; 3) continued progress in capital market reforms such as full-face registration, market piloting of venture boards, introduction and implementation of futures and derivatives laws.
Wang Xinjin, the outbreak of disturbances has made business less advanced than expected; non-recurrent gains and losses less than expected; competition risks; management risk reduction; goodwill risk impairment.
1) Large Retail IT & Large Retail IT Operations: Reference is made to 2021, where large retail and large-capitalit operations accounted for about 70 per cent of the company ' s total revenue, increased faster than other lines of business, and were located on new product labels, and in 2022, where the former large retail lines of ta-related products were transferred to Large Retail Operations.
In 2022, large retail and large-capital-management operations grew by 24% and 28%, respectively. With the recent growth of label customers, we believe that core systems such as uf3.0 and o45 are expected to be scaled up, judging the continuation of large retail and large-capital-based products.
Integrating personnel inputs from new product grinding periods and delivery efficiency from new architecture, onlineization 2) Business, insurance core and infrastructureit operations: we think this year is a small year for banking and industrialit industry, while considering that insurance core-related operations are transferred from large retail ii operations and thus conservatively pre-empted
With the maturing of a technology center and a business center for both share-based banks and urban business actors, 3) data risk and platform technologyit operations: the business has grown robustly in recent years, with the data center business gaining momentum, such as regulatory data reporting, integrated data platform system hdp, etc... We do not think so.
Taking into account the possible decline in Māori as a result of the data service operation and the possible increase in Māori as a result of the data hub, risk compliance, we anticipate that the Māori ratio of the data risk and platform technologyii operations is stable at 4)) Internet innovation: companies such as central sources, Yun Yung, etc., account for a relatively high share and have grown faster in recent years.
In the coming years, companies may be more inclined to enhance existing human effectiveness; in 2022, the epidemic could affect the recruitment process, and we are therefore optimistic about the control of actual company personnel in the coming years; The impact of stock prices, which may be slightly lower) and the cost of share payments on sales, management, R & D rates.
Taking into account the two points above, we believe that the cost of sales, the rate of management, the rate of R & D have been given the idea that we are different from the market.
The centralization of the capital market and the system of standards and regulations in domestic capital markets have led to the emergence of a large product-based capital market.
We believe that the long-term development of the industry is difficult to measure, whether the number of financial institutions is growing, the scale of financial operations is growing, and innovation in goods, or advances in technology in the future. And, because industry’s pre-eminence is an important barrier, the pattern of competition is difficult to change in the short term.
3. At present, the market considers the company to be the beta of the stock exchange, a stock exchange or some indices, which we do not think to be.) In retrospect, the company ' s annual growth rate is more stable than that of the securities sector, which is not necessarily linked. In 2021, the company ' s growth rate was about 10 times higher than in 2007, compared with the 2007 rate.
(c) Demand for capital market reforms is more rigid, and such demand has dominated stock price increases in recent years as catalytic factors 1, net corporate gains, net operating cash flows or excess expectations of human effectiveness;
(b) Capital market reforms, such as comprehensive registration, have accelerated;
Epidemic disturbances make business less advanced than expected; non-recurrent gains and losses less than expected; competition risks; management risk reduction; goodwill risk impairment; and what kind of business is capital marketit?
Capital markets ii are standardized industry best practices. Financial institutions are able to fast-track their operations by purchasing the ii system, with low local access to industry best practices.The capital marketit system is highly product-oriented, relying mainly on centralized trading systems and standards.
Regulatory systems. The difficulty in obtaining best practices is learning from know-how, which often has a pre-emptive advantage, companies have a better chance of working with their clients to grind their products and thus have a higher market share.
There are about 100 types of capital marketit systems, divided into license plates and generic ones. The licensing categories include brokerage systems, capital & self-employment systems, solid receiving systems, investment systems, etc., and the generic categories include wind control regulations, intra-company management, shared services, etc.
The most significant of these are trading-related systems. This is mainly due to: (a) the fact that the bulk of the revenue of a voucher dealer comes from such operations as discipline, financial management, self-employment, which gives the business system a better budget and a richer business demand; and (b) the real-time and interactive nature of the transaction, which makes the associated risk events more visible and difficult to trace.
Adjustments; thus financial institutions have higher requirements for the construction and maintenance of trading systems, so that they will not easily change their offer to the capital market, i.e., permanent electronics already on the market, gold shares, top-point software, win-wins, flushes, compasses, wealth trends, big wisdom, new-profit software, etc.;
(a) Total capital market expenditure in 2020 is estimated on the basis of the Chinese Securities Association ' s estimates for the disclosure of securities vendor information system input + fund input projected by the Sadie consultant;
Statistical securities brokers only + financial authorities + custom services; 4) top-point software is fully integrated into statistics because banking trust-related operations are difficult to split; 5) success in timing is only statistical custom software development and sales + maintenance fees; and 6) same-soon statistics only on sales of software and maintenance of related revenues. 1.2 Capital marketit is a standardized industry best practice.
1.2.1 Why capital markets it can produce industry best practices Centralized transactions and standard regulation are important prerequisites for capital markets it has a product-based basis. Standard rules arising from centralized transactions allow capital marketsit companies to fine-tune their pole products to other financial institutions.
This conclusion comes mainly from a comparison with banks & insurance & & ii, and with overseas capital markets: Think about 1: Why capital markets are more product-oriented than banks & insurance.
1) Standard rules proliferating standard systems: Capital market transactions are centered on exchanges that provide standard trading rules and technical specifications, and the corresponding int systems have a marketed soil. 2) High-risk sensitivity gives rise to high-profile voice: securities funds often require real-time or end-of-day reporting.
High-complexity, high-reliability requirements, and therefore high-quality “companies have a higher voice. Think 2: Why foreign head companies tend to self-research trading systems 1) different trading rules produce different product patterns with varying degrees of standardization
In the framework of the Nms Act, stock listings can be separated from the trading place, with no single offer centre for each stock, such as the 300 or so stock trading platforms of various categories of companies listed in the United States.
A system of self-researching transactions not only provides competitive advantages in terms of cost savings and speed, but also provides differentiated services such as confidentiality.
China’s trading rules are “centralized transactions.” Under this rule, where shares are listed, it is very difficult for financial institutions to gain a comparative advantage in costs and services through the trading system, but rather to place greater emphasis on stability and wind control.
Now standardized, so the corresponding companies have the ground to grow into giants. (2) Historical reasons  US electronic transactions started in 1982, when big financial institutions like Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, etc.
After decades of its development, a third party, it, has just emerged (e.g., since Sungard was established in 1983). In addition to mixed operations in the United States, the movement of commercial banks into the domain of securities deals has further exacerbated the tendency of head financial institutions to self-research it.
China’s electronic transactions began in 1992 and are close to the rise of bond dealers, foundations, and third-party int companies, so that third-party companies have a historic opportunity to grow together with capital markets.
• Where are the difficulties in creating industry best practices from the establishment of the first foundation companies?
Class software is difficult to build behind closed doors and needs to be grinded in conjunction with the actual business needs of clients; unlike generic software, financial software has a limited number of downstream customers and is more risk-sensitive. The number of downstream customers determines limited learning channels and client caution about risks makes it difficult to replace systems easily.
Often firms with pre-existing advantages have a better chance to grind products together with their customers and gain industry best practices. As a result, most of the iii systems also present a pattern of competition in which the pre-existing companies have a higher market share.
2. Among the many capital market int companies, why did you opt for Hensen Electronics 2.1, a business profile of $1.49 billion, an increase of 9.3 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of $950 million in the non-retroactivity of the parent, an increase of $950 million in the same year
Growth of 29.0 per cent, mainly adjusted by accounting standards in 2020 and faster growth of staff in 2021, both in large retail and large capital management at a rate close to 40 per cent compared to nearly 70 per cent; and in 2022, the q1 climate continued, maintaining a growth of almost 36 per cent in both operations. The main driving force of large retail operations lies in wealth.
Management, in which the product lines such as wealth center, financial sales, investment, etc. are growing faster, while large-scale operations are spending on a full scale, whether in investment transaction management, valuation, or capital operating platforms, are growing faster. In response to the wave of asset management, wealth management, we believe that the company has two main industries.
Growth is expected to continue at a relatively high rate in recent years.
q1 Business area adjusted to data risk and platform technology. 2.2 Industry best practices with priority customers, priority systems. In the first part of this paper, we describe the high productization of capital marketsit as centralized transactions, standards.
Regulation is premised on the fact that companies can move to market-wide scale once they sharpen industry best practices. Because, for example, we can understand the purchase of capital market itt systems as a low-cost way for financial institutions to get industry best practices.
Good practice; “Why preferred to invest in a permanent electronic,” which we are trying to answer in this part. Because the fund company does not have publicly available data on the IT system, and because it has a relatively small amount of input in comparison with the voucher firm, the focus here is on the securities industry for analysis.
▪ Definition of priority clients, calculated on the basis of data disclosed by the Chinese Securities Association, with 68.8%, 73.0%, 74.2% of total stock of the voucher system from 2018 to 2020 to the Top30.
Top30 coupons define as focused customers, and we have selected the adaptation costs of the respective int systems that were incurred in past capital market reforms as an observable variable, because the cost of the conversions is to some extent indicative of the system ' s bargaining power and other factors.
The closeness of the system's connectivity and the analysis found that the “centralized trading system for brokering operations” and the “management/management of self-investment transactions” systems were the most expensive to adapt, thus defining the two systems as focused systems.
From 2018 to 2020, a total of 34 coupons entered into the top 30 of the system. We analyzed the pattern of the centralized trading system for brokering and the system for managing investment transactions of the 34 dealers.
The company represents the best industry practices of current priority clients in the securities industry, priority systems.
Dong-hing, Dong-hyung, China Sea, Hae-tung, Chang-tae, Huabao, Peace, Skywind, South-West, Sindha, Heng, Nakae, Nakae-Thai, and the Department are planning to replace the centralized trading system of a company with b, which is counted as the use of the data of the centralized Xin-Kin investment portfolio. The missing data may lead to the risk that the final statistics will not accurately describe the facts.
What is the likelihood that the existing patterns of industry will be subverted? The pre-emptive advantage is an important barrier to capital markets, so it is more difficult for us to judge the pattern of existing systems in the short term to be challenged.
1) Client grinding and switching systems are more expensive. In 1.2, we explore capital markets as a low-cost, fast-track way for financial institutions to access industry best practices, especially for trading systems with a higher degree of standardization. New entrants therefore often face the "need to work with customers."
Compatibility with grinding products, getting business know-how, and “client grinding and switching systems are costly and unwilling to provide business know-how.” 2) Capital market reforms reinforce existing competitive patterns and reduce the space for new entrants.
The securities firm has a relatively low share of purchases for the systematic upgrading, adaptation and transportation of most of its expenditures. Once it has access to a focused client system, it has a long-term steady cash flow.
Given the limited rise, frequent capital market reforms have somewhat reduced the budget for new system procurement and reinforced the current pattern of competition.
Note: The above figure is based on open tendering calculations and may differ from the actual input 3) to observe changes in the previous system’s market share. For example, in 2001, the market share of the company’s centralized trading system was taken together, and we discussed best practices in industries where companies have priority customers, priority systems, and existing competitions.
The pattern is less likely to be subverted in the short term. So we're opting for a constant electron in the capital market's init industry.3 In the long run, thinking about short-term, medium- and long-term investment in companies, we believe that corporate value anchors the overall development of capital markets and protects the new business needs of the industry.
A sharp insight is one of the firm’s core long-term competitiveness. In the medium term, financial institutions are moving toward large capital, wealth, technology-to-distributive intellectual change, regulatory capital market reforms are still accelerating, and we believe that the overall industry is expected to maintain a compound growth rate of more than 20% over the next three years, and that the pattern of competition is expected to be maintained.
In the short term, the company benefits mainly from overall human effectiveness upgrading, core system pole setting and capital 3.1 long-term value: anchoring capital market development as a whole In the long term, we believe that corporate value anchors the overall development of capital markets, including the number of players involved, the market
Developments in levels, categories of business goods, scale of business, and business regulation are difficult to measure. Quantitatively, we do not think it is possible to measure the ceiling of China’s capital market industry, but we can use the capital market [industry] of the United States as a benchmark for comparison.
In 2021, the sum of the value added of the United States securities, commodity contracts and investment industries and funds, trusts and other financial instruments amounted to 1.8 per cent of gdp, with reference to head financial institutions spending about 8 per cent of total revenues. In 2021, China's capital market ratio was 114.37 trillion yuan, assuming 1.8 per cent,
It accounts for 8% of the industry, and the size of the industry amounts to $164.7 billion. Indeed, there is much room for improvement, whether in the securities sector, in the size of asset management, or in the share of expenditure in ii.
t It is also expected that this development will follow.Note: United States dollar: RMB is converted at 1:6.7; Note: United States dollar: RMB is converted at 1:6.7.
▪ Qualitative: The three main driving forces driving the long-term development of the capital market sector in our country are the growth in the number of financial institutions, the growth in the scale of financial operations and in the innovation of goods and technological advances in it. 1) The growth in the number of institutions, including the establishment of domestic financial institutions, and foreign investment in China and domestic institutions.
Companies have established subsidiaries abroad, etc. in recent years by investing in mergers and acquisitions to Hong Kong, Malaysia, etc.: (1) the number of public funds does not include bonds, the number of insurance companies does not include insurance funds; (2) the “futures” are not included in agency statistics because there is no continuous open source of information; (3) the bankers start with the approval date as the statistical year; and (4) the securities firm 's 2001-2004 data are the number of securities companies that ranked among the performance of participating securities associations.
2. The growth in the size of the financial sector and the innovation of the goods sector have been expanding over the past few years, and the development of the financial sector has led to demand for the construction, adaptation and upgrading of the corresponding systems.
Figure 16: China ' s asset management continues to expand (in trillion yuan) [cellrange] [cellrange]
[cellrange] lrange] [cellrange] [cellrange]
[cellrange] • Public fund-raising — securities management — futures management — private fund-raising — other notes: (1) Monopoly = size of private fund-raising management companies and their subsidiaries; (2) The figure above shows the total size of all categories combined, actual private
Compared to Europe and America, our capital markets still have much room for multi-layered market-building, business goods, inter-market connectivity, trade rules, etc. Innovations or changes will be brought about by capital-market companies.
Figure 17: The country's capital market innovation history (part of) Chart 18: Possible future innovations compared to overseas capital markets, People's Bank, China Central Network, China Central Association for the publication of public numbers, Financial Times Public Number, medium food futures research
It is a technological advance. For example, the centralized trading system for securities brokers, which emerged in 1997 as a result of the three-tier transformation of electricity and gold medals, laid the foundation for its future becoming a supplier of the mainstream securities trading system.
At present, in the transition from a centralized trading system to a distributed structure, market demand is open and competition patterns are likely to change.
3.2 Long-term challenges: The insight into new demand in the financial sector, given that the pre-existing advantage is an important competitive barrier in the capital marketit sector, the need for insight into new business in the financial sector becomes an important variable affecting the long-term development logic of companies.
1) Companies have a high advantage in the two major trading systems currently in place, and there is a trend towards integration of transactions across financial products. Part I of this paper discusses centralized transactions and regulatory standards as an important prerequisite for high productization in capital markets, i.e. trading systems are the core hubs of other standard systems, off-trade systems.
The closer they come, the higher the standardization. And the higher the company is in the two core trading systems now, making it easier to sense the new demand for other standard systems, thus gaining a pre-emptive advantage.
The advantages of the trading system have resulted in product-type expansion. (2) The company’s client coverage is extensive, facilitating access to the latest demand from a variety of customers. Even in the context of the trend of self-research by some head dealers, companies can acquire new business by helping them to develop their own business.
3) Type Tob software has a relatively high tolerance for errors in time, and even if a company is not the first to see new business needs in the market, it can achieve new business based on a broad customer-covering, solid R & D base The company has maintained high R & D input over the years to ensure a better basis for all types of new business.
Figure 20: Positive promotion of prior advantage for long-term insight Figure 21: Companies always maintain high levels of R & D inputs
Note: Adjustments to accounting standards after 2020 have led to a decline in R & D costs
Accelerating convergence into the field of science, technology and innovation; expanding the high level of two-way opening of capital markets abroad is an inherent requirement for building a two-cycle new pattern in which the global share of the value generated by China’s economic development can be shared. We therefore conclude that the pace of innovation and reform in capital markets will not slow down.
In conjunction with the growth in the past stock-fund industry, we believe that the current pattern of competition will not change significantly when the industry as a whole is expected to maintain significant business or technological innovation over the next three years.
In order to make the data comparable, we split the data for 2019 and beyond according to the previous rates of remuneration and input into the system. In terms of business trends, we believe that the current trend in the industry is “institutionalization”, and companies can.
3.4 Medium-term investment thinking: is corporate revenue the beta of the securities industry? We believe that companies have long benefited from large beta developments in the overall capital market, but not in the medium term.
The growth rate of corporate revenue is more stable than that of the securities sector, which is not clearly relevant. As figure 25 shows, in the past, when receipts in the securities industry rose (youy positive), the average increase in corporate revenue was higher; but when receipts in the securities industry fell (youy negative),
Corporate revenues are likely to not decline. Thus, we see that the company’s 2021 harvests increased in 2007 compared to 2007, indicating that net profits in the securities sector increased, a total stock turnover increased, the growth and decline of the business panel and the securities industry showed that prior to 2007 the association did not disclose the overall securities sector receipts and therefore did not show them.
Not only the volatility of the industry’s revenues, but also the increase in the proportion of its inputs. As noted in the 2014 Securities Futures Industry Information System Audit Standard issued by the CSRC, the securities futures company recently
The average amount invested in three years is not less than 6% of the average net profit in the last three fiscal years or 3% of the average operating income, whichever is larger. In fact, between 2017 and 2020, investment in information systems accounted for the share of total revenue collected by the securities industry in the previous year.
There is an upward trend; this also makes it necessary that the volatility of the capital market’s inflow of IT companies does not necessarily coincide with the industry’s failure to publish data on information system inputs up to 2017 and beyond 2020, and therefore not shown. The demand for capital market reforms is more rigid, and such demand has dominated in recent years.
The implicit assumption behind the perception of attributes is that financial institutions’ input needs are largely driven by new business and technologies, which may not necessarily be the case. After 2018, capital-market reforms accelerated, and the corresponding system-reengineering needs became more rigid (see figure).
Table 11 & 12); and as the capital market becomes more explicit about the need to channel the resources of various elements into STI fields, the SEC is expected to initiate a new phase in the overall deepening of capital market reforms. 3.5 Short-term catalytic: efficiency gains, benchmarking, acceleration of reforms.
1) Over the past 10 years, the per capita income generation and per capita income gains have been on the rise; and the difference between the company ' s 2022 income guidelines and the cost and cost guidelines has been further narrowed, with a year-round increase in human effectiveness expected; 2) with the refinement of Jres 3.0 technology and the implementation of the change in the management of ipd R & D, we
It is also expected that the company ' s future R & D efficiency will be improved. Note: No revenue-cost guidelines have been provided in 2015 and therefore not shown.: (i) From 2012 onwards, taking into account the company ' s progressive removal of hardware and integration operations,
Since 2021, the company’s core business systems, such as retailing, major capital management, and Internet innovation, have been building poles. In our view, the new system poles of 2022 are expected to continue to be set up, with subsequent scaling up to take place.
A series of initiatives, such as the promotion of full registration, the piloting of equity on the ground, the introduction of futures and derivatives, and the introduction of cash-for-money reforms. The advancement of capital-market reforms, while enhancing firmness, also helps to consolidate the existing pattern of competition in the industry.
In May 2022, the launch of the Shanghai Stock Exchange's 14th Five-Year Development Plan also set the tone for the acceleration of capital market reforms during the 14th Five-Year Period.
About 70 per cent of the company's total revenue, faster growth than other lines of business and 25 per cent in new products, and in 2022 re-routing the Ta-related product lines of the former large retail operation into large capital management it, transferring the insurance core of the former large retailit business to the company,
Insurance cores and infrastructureit operations, resulting in an estimated increase of 24% and 28% respectively in large retail and large-capitalit services in 2022. With the arrival of label clients in recent years, we believe that core systems such as uf3.0 and o45 are expected to grow.
As the revenue base increases, we expect that the bulk retail and the major capitalit product lines will be 2023-2024, taking into account the input of new products during grinding periods and the delivery of new structures and onlineization.
Enterprise, insurance core and infrastructureit operations: we consider this year to be a small year for banking and industrialit operations, taking into account the transfer of insurance core-related operations from large retailit operations, as well as the placement of the technology center and the operations center of the business center of the stock-based banks and urban traders.
mature, we believe the business is expected to increase slightly over 21 years, and the business data risk and platform technology it is expected to grow robustly in recent years, with the data medium sector gaining momentum, such as regulatory data delivery, integrated data platform system hdp, etc.
Taking into account the possible decline in Māori as a result of the data service operation and the possible increase in Māori as a result of the data hub and risk-based business, we anticipate data risks and platform technology int business Internet innovation: companies such as central sources, Yun Yung and others account for a higher share and have grown faster in recent years.
The saas service income model provides a ballast block for the development of the business. We anticipate that companies may be more inclined to improve the current human effectiveness in the coming years, and that the 2022 epidemic may affect recruitment, and we are therefore optimistic about the actual controls of the company over the next few years.
(a) The impact of stock prices, which may be slightly lower in real terms), and the likely impact of share payments on sales, administration, R & D rates;
We value the company using a market gain method, and the net profits of the company for the period 2022-2024 are expected to be the capital marketii, although there are no signs of subscription charges, but there is the essence of the subscription business model, so we've selected two computer-broken track taps to make a comparable valuation of the company, giving it 60 times as much as 2022.
The outbreak has made business less advanced than expected, as downstream financial institutions are more spread across the frontline cities, and the outbreak in the recent frontline cities may have an impact on the company’s signature, receipt, and repayment, making the company’s short-term performance less than expected.
Non-recurrent gains and losses are less than expected, and competition patterns may change if companies have insufficient insight into new business or new technologies. Over the past year, executive executives of Peng Peng, Chiang Jianxing, Xiaojun Xiaojun have implemented a reduction in ownership.
The plan has been implemented; Chiang Jianxiang has not implemented the plan, and the plan is about to be completed.
Click here to enter text.