Profit-enhancing equipment leads to a period of gold development — China Insignia (688012.sh) billion yuan, an increase of 24.75 per cent in the same year; net profits of 135 million yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase in the same year
399.14 per cent longer. Of this amount, q3-quarters realized operating income of $416 million, a decrease of 18.4 per cent in the same year; Cao Xuant achieved a net profit of 105 million yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase of 159.54 per cent in the same year.
The significant increase in net corporate profits was due to an increase in the Māori rate and an increase in government grants. 19q3 quarter company revenue was $416 million, a decrease of 18.4 per cent in the same year; net profit attributable to listed company shareholders was $105 million, an increase of 15954 per cent in the same year.
Long, the main reasons are: (1) three-quarter single-season Māori rate of 45.2 per cent, an increase of 11.86 pct over the same period; (2) the company received a government grant of $600 million in the three-quarters, compared to only $100 million in the same period last year. 2019q3 lost revenue mainly from the led market.
The decline of 18.4%, we believe, was mainly caused by the downside of the led market. The mocvd equipment used by the company to produce the led has grown significantly in the first two years, and the demand for the mocvd equipment has declined this year as a result of the downside of the led market.
The company’s core product is now the mocvd equipment and plasma etching machines used in the semiconductor field for the production of led. 77% of the global market for mocvd equipment in 2018 was the nitrogenated mocvd equipment, which is the company’s mocvd equipment.
In the case of plasma etching machines, the company ' s 7nm medium etching equipment has entered the power production line, and the 5nm medium etching equipment has been certified as stationary electricity and will be used as the world ' s first 5nm production line. The semiconductor industry is expected to be new in 2020.
Large Fund II focuses on semiconductor equipment and materials, and the company is expected to benefit. Large Fund II has been formally established, with a registered capital of $204.15 billion.
Upstream, including semiconductor equipment and materials, the company, as a leading company in the field of semiconductor equipment, is expected to be operational in 62 new crystal mills, 26 of which are located in mainland China, accounting for 42% of the total. The three most important processes of semiconductors are light etching, etching, and film deposition.
Twenty-four per cent of the value, and the market space is huge. With the benefit of the construction of the crystal mill, the company is the leader in the etching field (2) the construction of the crystal mill is not as fast as expected; (3) the development of the industry is not as fast as expected.
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in the present report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.