Medium and Micro Corporation (688012): Three-quarterly report performance bright, fully beneficiary-substituted company is a high-end semiconductor microprocessor.
(a) In the first three quarters of 2019, the company achieved business income of $1,218 million, an increase of 24.75 per cent over the previous quarter;
The net return to the mother has been 135 million yuan, an increase of 399.14 per cent over the same period. Leading firms with both revenue and net profit growth rates. Companies are focusing on integrated circuits, led switches, storage units, domestic production, and corporate support domestic manufacturers have reduced costs.
The company has accumulated technology for many years in the semiconductor equipment industry, producing etching equipment that has been applied to the production line of international first-line chip manufacturing plants, such as power generation. Company etching machine prices.
Far below international manufacturers, it helps to reduce the cost of building a chip manufacturing plant in the country and can adequately meet the needs of a chip manufacturer in the country. The company is now a leading supplier of domestic storage, such as the Yangtze storage, and the market share is expected to increase further.
The mocvd equipment business is still bright and the market share is rising. The mocvd equipment is the company’s star product. Since 2017, the company has been receiving large bulk orders from the country’s led leader, and has succeeded in breaking the market monopoly of the mocvd and taking up the market share of international manufacturers such as Veeco.
Despite the low profile of the Led industry, the company's mocvd equipment is still on the rise, with continued investment in research and development and a consistent trend of national production substitution. In the last three quarters, companies spent $158 million on research and development, an increase of 100.82% over the same period. In semiconductor equipment, companies are still in a catch-up position.
The company is expected to benefit fully from continued high levels of research and development investment, adding to the vast market for national production replacements. The build-up of equipment will lead to a wave of national substitution of semiconductor equipment.
Future profitability of the product, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating.
Schedule: Corporate Profit Forecast Tables The Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
China State (688012): Three-quarterly reports show good performance, full beneficiary substitution, and no guarantee of change in the information and advice they contain. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.