Springtime is better than expected, low expectations continue to be strong, and springtime is better than expected, and the camp is better off.
During the spring festival, newss@cfsc.com.cn, companies sell better than they expected before the festival.
As a whole, the cellar series, the specials series, and the cellar age series have performed better than expected. Low expectations continue to work, and the special series has done well.
At a time when companies are insisting on the creation of the brands of the country’s guests 1573 and the old cellars of the state, the cellars follow the policy of a slight change, low and high degree of rotation, the low cellars are expected to continue their efforts this year, and the low income share is expected to continue to rise in the second half of the year of the high state cellar.
The state cellar series focuses on the 60th and the old ads, the old ads continue to be priced and used at the right time, the 60th edition of the specials is steady and steady, the mature market is doing well, deep and expanding. Moreover, this year, we expect the old farts of the state.
The macroeconomic downside risks, the size of the cellars are not as good as expected, the size of the special 60 is not as good as expected, and the low cellars are doing well.
II. The Cemetery of Liangzhou (000568), Performance with Expectations, Energetic Power, 2022-10-3; The Cemetery of Liangzhou (000568); Performance with Overperformance
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short- to medium-term potential, a share of thinking about white wine plates, deep-seated thinking and insight into the Su wine, Ho Ho, Bachelor of Law, University of Shandong, and Master of Arts, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, for dual master of law, economics and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.