An incident review report from the state cellar (000568.sz) 24/03, 2022-2023 annual cellar dealer recognition and connss@cfsc.com.cn
The marketing conference was held at the company, and the results of the last three years have been fruitful, and the bulk of the single product has been returned to the brand of wine.
Over 20 per cent increase in revenue and over 25 per cent increase in net profits over nine consecutive quarters.2) Major single items such as foreign customers, 1573 sales, over 60 per cent, specials, 8 billion breakthroughs with scavenger-age brands, and 300,000 headline end-covers.
(iii) With over 13 500 million provinces, two major base markets have been built in the north and southwest of China. (4) The National Union of Crooks, Elites, etc. covers hundreds of cities, with more than a million effective terminals being developed by vendors.)
Into production, with the addition of 100,000 tonnes/year, 100,000 tonnes/year and 380,000 tonnes of pure, high-quality, solid-food white wine. In the offensive phase, seven actions plus eight insist.
In 2023, the company entered the offensive phase with seven actions, eight insistent.
To win the future; 2) to fully promote public relations empowerment in line with the overall vision of “highness, ambition, effectiveness, association”; 3) to promote the full range of channels that will deepen the market classification, enhance price board control, deepen client classification and enhance profit margins; 4)
1. " The Old Lodge (000568). Spring swings to advance cultural empowerment, will build further iconic projects, take more targets, sell better than expected, low expectations will continue to work. "
(e) To promote the full range of intellectual abilities and “a five-way project”;
System; 7) “Systems added up and developed in synergy” to advance overall HQ empowerment. Eight-time, low-down cellars performed well. 2022-Major: 1) insist on a more step-by-step quality management and expansion of the company.
High-quality production capacity; 2) insistence on upgrading brand value and market value of products, focusing on resource achievement; 3, "Standards of the state" (000568); "Synergy of performance"; 1573 keeping the high-end market "one in three" and "one in three", "one in three", "one in three", "one in three", "one in three", "one in three", "one in three", "one in three", "one in three", "one in three", "one in three", "one in three", "one in three", "one in three", "one in three."
In keeping with expectations, the country’s population is rising from 2022-10 to 2022. 3) The path of internationalization and the diffusion of stereoscopic products to create newer and less fashionable products. 4) The strategy of young people in the service of young people must be maintained.
The marketing company's team is at the centre, contributing to the development of the country's workforce. 5) New distributor customers are being graded to optimize their profitability and control. 6) They insist on the real needs of the payers and create value from high-quality services.
The strategy is “satisfied” with the construction of “pipelines” for consumers, upgrading local marketing service centres to regional branding service centres.) The promotion of digital transformation and managerial empowerment is maintained to improve efficiency and reduce processes with consumer precision.)
To build a harmonious symbiotic business ecology that preserves the healthy health of the white wine market.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.