\triangleright \triangleright \ \q4 achieved a net return profit of 1.752 billion yuan to 1.912 billion yuan, an increase of 57.34% in the ring to a net return of 57.34% and an increase in the value of the main product volume during the reporting period or an increase in the value of the main product.
\triangleright rare earth mining indicators were published in q4 and the Northern rare earth acquisition target of 10.0335 million tons of rare earthreo, an increase of 26.8 million tons of reo, and an increase of 96 per cent in the light rare earth indicator, resulting in sales of rare earth products from companies throughout the year
On the price side, the annual average price of the XOs in 2021 amounted to $5.958 million, an increase of 91.83 per cent over the year. q4 performance ring ratios increased significantly by the ring comparison, or also benefited from the increase in the volume of major products.
The collection and separation indicators were not issued, the capacity utilization rate was lower, the q4 rare earth prices were added up to high q4 and production and sales were increased; in terms of prices, the average price of the q4 of the XO was 77.37 million in 2021
The cost advantage of the 2022 rare earth mineral purchase agreement remains the same. Due to the increase in the price of q4 rare earth oxides \triangleright, both parties made a 2022 adjustment to the price of the concentrate under the terms of the agreement between the company and the steel pack.
As a whole, it has been agreed to adjust the sales price of rare earth concentrates from 1 January 2022 to $26,887.2 per ton without taxes, an increase of 65.27 per cent over the same period. Despite the larger price increases, the Northern rare earth, if considered, still has a leading cost advantage in the industry. 1 fine ore price increase is less than the annual price increase for rare earth products.
In fact, taking into account the four-quarterly rise in rare earth prices in 2021, the year-wide increase in the price of oxidizers, the annual average price of rare earth concentrates (reo content of 70 per cent) is $40,329 per tonne, while the northern rare earth purchases the taste of rare earth concentrates at only $36904 per tonne, with a discount of 8.5 per cent, if compared to the current rare earth concentrate.
The price (70% of the reo) is 76,000 yuan per ton, with a discount of 51.44% of the agreed price. In 2022, there may still be a significant increase in sales. On the one hand, the demand for downstream iron ore magnets is subject to a new \triangleright
Energy automobiles and industrial energy-efficient motors will objectively have to release a larger supply. On the other hand, in 2022, annual production and sales grew with a greater degree of certainty.
With a stronger cost advantage and a more definite increase in production and sales, we expect to benefit fully from the landscape of the rare earth industry. We anticipate the methodological and analytical logic of \triangleright leading to conclusions, the independent and objective production of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.