Northern rare earth (600111): q4 perform better than expected, lightly rare earth recommended (first cover)
An annual performance forecast for 2021 was issued by the North: it is expected that the year 2021 will be marketed with a sharp increase in the value of rare earth products, resulting from the increase in the volume of rare earth products.
In total, the North received 10.0335 million tons of land, accounting for 59.73 per cent of the country’s total. The company obtained 26.8 million tons more than in the previous year, an increase of 26.8 million tons, mainly due to a further increase in product prices and a four-quarter oxidation price.
The first rare earth control indicators were issued in 2022, and the first rare earth mining control targets for 2022, issued by the two ministries on 28 January, were 1.608 million tons, causing most of the increase in the extraction indicators.
Carbon Moderates and Drivers of New Demand, Shaping New Patterns - The contract for the supply of rare earth concentrates with the steel packs was finalized and the overall cost announced in January that the company would sign the rare earth concentrate supply with the steel pack shares of the related parties
Similarly, the price of rare earth concentrates is proposed to be adjusted from 1 January 2022 to $26,887.20 per ton without taxes (reo = 51 per cent dry volume), 1 per cent per increase or decrease in reo and 527.20 per ton dry without taxes (dry volume) in 2021.
16,269 ton (dry, reo = 51%), the overall increase in the price of traded concentrates this year is expected to increase by 65%. But the price of concentrates is still much lower than market prices, and the price of concentrates did not rise as much as the price of rare earth oxides, and companies alone.
Tons of profits are still expected to remain high. In carbon neutrals, rare earth values are expected to be re-constructed in carbon neutrals, wind, electric vehicles, and SMART powered rare earth forever.
Demand for the magnetic chain is growing rapidly. Domestic policies on the supply side are controlling the increase, and with the formation of six major rare earth groups, the country has created a rare earth giant, China's rare earth group, which has increased its supply concentration.
Supply remains rigid and the value of rare earth resources is high. Companies capture the extraction and separation indicators and will benefit during the rare earth re-establishment period. 1) The domestic rare earth production quota is higher than expected; 2) the overseas rare earth mine is over-predicted
) Downstream demand is not as high as expected: Introduction to the New Energy Group for Electricity Equipment, The Strategy and six years of new energy research experience.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.