商业贸易
小商品城 (600415) 24 年年报点评:
评级:
稳扎稳打 守正出奇
日期:
事件描述
24 年全年表现亮眼:公司年收入 157.4 亿元,同比增长 39.3%;归母净利润
30.74, 同比增长 15%; 扣非净利润 29.8 亿元, 同比增长 21%。
: hexiaomin@w kzq.com.cn
24 年 Q4 业绩高增:公司 Q4 收入 51.24 亿元,同比增长 51%;归母净利润
7.45 亿元, 同比增长 107%; 扣非净利润 7.01 亿元, 同比增长 120%; 扣除
投资收益之后,主业净利润为7.27亿元,同比增长94%。
事件点评
CG (Chinagoods) 电商平台 AI 新产品为公司收入持续增长提供技术支持:
平台 24 全年营收 3.4 亿元, 经营利润 1,65 亿元, 同比增长 102%, 注册用户
高达 480 万以上。作为综合服务平台, CG 打造的“数字老板娘”、店铺助理
等新功能有助于平台加强用户粘性、提高用户使用深度、增加订单总数。
义支付服务有助于小商品城打造全链条数字金融生态: 自新业务实现以来,
基于小商品城大量外贸需求,义支付跨境结算、汇率避险、贸易融资等功能不
断发展完善。作为公司战略孵化业务的重要组成部分，义支付促进了义乌的
贸易生态,在 2025 年有望实现其设定的 60 亿美元的收款目标。
《义乌深化改革方案》为小商品城基于义乌市场进一步发展提供政策支撑:
进口业务将成为公司利润新增长点。2024 年 12 月以来，《浙江省义乌市深
相关研究
化国际贸易综合改革总体方案》出台,《方案》促进义乌实施进口日用消费品
《强化内外贸枢纽地位,平台规模经济推动
正面清单管理、家电平行进口两项改革,未来有望逐步将化妆品、保健品等纳
经营向好》(2025/1/22)
入正面清单。
▶ 《24Q3 点评: Yiwu Pay 交易额高增 整体数
义乌出口业务高增带动小商品城市场景气度高涨: 2024 年义乌进出口总额同
据亮点纷呈》(2024/10/16)
比增长 18.2%, 出口目的地覆盖“一带一路”沿线多个国家, 累计贸易额达
▶ 《24H1 点评:稳健优绩 引领商贸领域迈向
4133亿元, 占义乌对外贸易额 61.8%。公司作为进口贸易改革首批唯一试点
新质生产力》(2024/8/21)
企业，有望在技术支持及政策环境下下维持收入、利润快速增长。
《2023 年年报及 2024 年一季报点评主营业
务持续增长,线上第二曲线渐入佳境》
(2024/4/22)
投资建议
《传统业务稳中有增顺势转型佳音可期》
我们认为, 公司聚焦义乌小市场, 基于政策支持与数字技术开拓大市场, 以出
(2024/1/30)
口需求拉动新业务加速拓展。 短期来看, 公司业绩表现维持积极趋势, 利润有
望持续增长；长期来看，CG 平台、义支付将持续提升渗透率，贡献更高弹性
增量。
我们预计, 公司 25/26/27 年归母净利润 41/55/65 亿元, 当前股价对应 PE 为
21 倍/16 倍/13 倍,维持“持有”评级。
1、国际外贸局势不稳定;2、公司新业务进展放缓。
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
1、 国际外贸局势不稳定;
2、 公司新业务进展放缓。
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
主要财务指标
财务报表及指标预测
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
规渠道；（ii）本报告分析逻辑基于作者的职业理解，并清晰准确地反映了作者的研究观点；（iii）本报告结论不受任何第三方的授意或影响；（iv）
不存在任何利益冲突; (v) 英文版翻译若与中文版有所歧义,以中文版报告为准;特此声明。
一般声明
五矿证券有限公司（以下简称“本公司”）具有中国证监会批复的证券投资咨询业务资格。本公司不会因接收人收到本报告即视其为客户，本报告仅在
相关法律许可的情况下发放，并仅为提供信息而发放，概不构成任何广告。本报告的版权仅为本公司所有，未经本公司书面许可，任何机构和个人不
机构(以下简称“该机构”)发送本报告,则由该机构独自为此发送行为负责。
本报告所载的资料、意见及推测仅反映本公司干发布本报告当日的判断，本报告所指的证券或投资标的的价格、价值及投资收入或将产生波动; 在不
同时期，本公司可发出与本报告所载资料、意见及推测不一致的报告；本公司不保证本报告所含信息保持在最新状态。同时，本公司对本报告所含信
息可在不发出通知的情形下做出修改，投资者应当自行关注相应的更新或修改。
何保证，也不保证所包含信息和建议不发生任何变更。本公司已力求报告内容的客观、公正，但文中的观点、结论和建议仅供参考，不包含作者对证
券价格涨跌或市场走势的确定性判断。在任何情况下，报告中的信息或意见不构成对任何人的投资建议，投资者据此做出的任何投资决策与本公司和
作者无关。在任何情况下，本公司、本公司员工或者关联机构不承诺投资者一定获利，不与投资者分享投资收益，也不对任何人因使用本报告中的任
何内容所引致的任何损失负任何责任。本公司及作者在自身所知情范围内，与本报告中所评价或推荐的证券不存在法律法规要求披露或采取限制、静
默措施的利益冲突。
五矿证券版权所有。保留一切权利。
特别声明
在法律许可的情况下，五矿证券可能会持有本报告中提及公司所发行的证券并进行交易，也可能为这些公司提供或争取提供投资银行、财务顾问和金
融产品等各种金融服务。因此，投资者应当考虑到五矿证券及/或其相关人员可能存在影响本报告观点客观性的潜在利益冲突，投资者请勿将本报告
视为投资或其他决定的唯一参考依据。
联系我们
震旦国际大厦 30 楼
大厦 23 层
C 座 3F
请仔细阅读本报告末页声明
Analyst Certification
The research analyst is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part. The analyst has the Securities Investment Advisory
Certification granted by the Securities Association of China. Besides, the analyst independently and objectively issues this report holding a diligent
attitude. We hereby declare that (1) all the data used herein is gathered from legitimate sources; (2) the research is based on analyst's professional
understanding, and accurately reflects his/her views; (3) the analyst has not been placed under any undue influence or intervention from a third
party in compiling this report; (4) there is no conflict of interest; (5) in case of ambiguity due to the translation of the report, the original version in
Chinese shall prevail.
Investment Rating Definitions
General Disclaimer
Minmetals Securities Co., Ltd. (or "the company") is licensed to carry on securities investment advisory business by the China Securities Regulatory
Commission. The Company will not deem any person as its client notwithstanding his/her receipt of this report. The report is issued only under
permit of relevant laws and regulations, solely for the purpose of providing information. The report should not be used or considered as an offer or
the solicitation of an offer to sell, buy or subscribe for securities or other financial instruments. The information presented in the report is under the
copyright of the company. Without the written permission of the company, none of the institutions or individuals shall duplicate, copy, or redistribute
any part of this report, in any form to any other institutions or individuals. The party who quotes the report should contact the company directly to
request permission, specify the source as Equity Research Department of Minmetals Securities, and should not make any change to the information
in a manner contrary to the original intention. The party who re-publishes or forwards the research report or part of the report shall indicate the
issuer, the date of issue, and the risk of using the report. Otherwise, the company will reserve its right to taking legal action. If any other institution
(or "this institution") redistributes this report, this institution will be solely responsible for its redistribution. The information, opinions, and inferences
herein only reflect the judgment of the company on the date of issue. Prices, values as well as the returns of securities or the underlying assets
herein may fluctuate. At different periods, the company may issue reports with inconsistent information, opinions, and inferences, and does not
guarantee the information contained herein is kept up to date. Meanw hile, the information contained herein is subject to change without any prior
notice. Investors should pay attention to the updates or modifications. The analyst wrote the report based on principles of independence, objectivity,
fairness, and prudence. Information contained herein was obtained from publicly available sources. How ever, the company makes no warranty of
accuracy or completeness of information, and does not guarantee the information and recommendations contained do not change. The company
strives to be objective and fair in the report's content. However, opinions, conclusions, and recommendations herein are only for reference, and do
not contain any certain judgments about the changes in the stock price or the market. Under no circumstance shall the information contained or
opinions expressed herein form investment recommendations to anyone. The company or analysts have no responsibility for any investment
decision based on this report. Neither the company, nor its employees, or affiliates shall guarantee any certain return, share any profits with
investors, and be liable to any investors for any losses caused by use of the content herein. The company and its analysts, to the extent of their
aw areness, have no conflict of interest which is required to be disclosed, or taken restrictive or silent measures by the law s with the stock evaluated
or recommended in this report.
Minmetals Securities Co. Ltd. 2019. All rights reserved.
Special Disclaimer
Permitted by law s. Minmetals Securities Co., Ltd. may hold and trade the securities of companies mentioned herein, and may provide or seek to
provide investment banking, financial consulting, financial products, and other financial services for these companies. Therefore, investors should
be aw are that Minmetals Securities Co., Ltd. or other related parties may have potential conflicts of interest which may affect the objectivity of the
report. Investors should not make investment decisions solely based on this report.
Contact us
Shanghai
Shenzhen
Address: 30/F, Zhendan International
Address: 23F, Minmetals Financial Center,
Building, No.99 Fucheng Road, Lujiazui
3165 Binhai Avenue, Nanshan District,
ChaoyangmenNorth Street, Dongcheng
District, Beijing
Street, Pudong New District, Shanghai
Shenzhen