We've got a lot of co-financing to do, and we're ready to go.
The company issued a semi-annual performance announcement for 2018, which resulted in its operating income of $37.2 billion, an increase of 7 per cent over the reporting period, a net profit of $6.913 billion to the mother, an increase of 11.82 per cent over the same period, and a decrease of 1.45 per cent over the same period of 0.68 yuan per basic share.
In late 2017, the new Toyota All-New Camerry was listed, and the new car was overhauled on the basis of the Toyota Tnga framework, resulting in a significant increase in the overall competitive power of products. After listing, sales rose by 51,56% compared to the same period last year. The first half of Toyota's sales grew by 16,37% compared to the previous year, largely as a result of the increase brought about by the new Toyota All-Camerry.
In the second half of the year, it is expected to increase. In the second half of the year, it is expected to grow by 5.49%, and in the second half, it is expected to return to 13,000-15000/month when all the new Yakuza is on the market.
In the second half of the year, the volume of sales is expected to increase by 52%. In the middle of 2017, when the major suv market exploded, the large suv market increased by 16.3% compared to 16.3% in the first half of the year.
In the second half of the year, sales rose by 38.6% over the same year, adding to the new suv line, which will capture the share of small markets, and we expect that the annual sales of Hiromi Mitsubishi will grow by more than 40%. The autonomous brand is ready. After two years of surges, the sales of 2018h1 increased by 6.9% over the same period.
\triangleright will also be replaced in 2019, and sales will be expected to pick up. At the same time, autonomous brands have been placing new cars in the sedan and mpv fields, including gm8 and ga4, which are already on the market, and gm6 will be on the market in the second half of the year.
On the whole, we believe that 18 years of a large-scale joint-brand branding of cars will continue to grow at a high rate, driven by new ones. And the autonomous brands are in a state of adjustment, and with new cars on the market, sales are expected to increase at a higher rate.
\triangleright Yang Jogi, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, good at understanding the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, on a weekly basis.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of such information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have sought to report on the objective and impartial nature of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are for information purposes only.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies