Autonomous brand against pressure, solar joint venture growth is expected to continue in August, and the company released its August sales data, producing 16.13 million cars in August 2018.
On the whole, there was a better performance by the Hiroshima Group in August, with a better growth in both the Japan-based joint venture Toyota and Mitsubishi, as well as in the autonomous air traffic transfer.
The suv market is under pressure and the autonomous product is competitive, selling 42,000 vehicles in August, an increase of 4.52 per cent over the same period, which is much better than the 12 per cent increase in the autonomous brand published by the Federation.
In May of the year, the suv market went down at the same speed to the same speed, with a seven-year high rate of growth. In our view, suv and the sedan market pattern are basically shaped.
As a result, the dividends of the suv growth have faded and internal competition has increased in the future. Car models such as wide-broadcasts gs4 are very competitive in the area of suv, and the market for refinancing the car is expected to help increase sales.
Toyota’s sales surge, and the increase in solar sales is expected to continue.
In August, the four largest joint ventures, Hirogas, achieved sales of 1,299,000 vehicles, an increase of 12.24 per cent over the same period. Oil prices rose, and solar joint brand sales grew.
The increase in oil prices has contributed in part to the increase in the volume of solar cars. In August, 545,000 cars were sold in Soyota, an increase of 47.13 per cent compared to the previous year. The main car, Camerry, grew significantly, and it is expected to continue, with the growth of Hanlanda and robust; and the sale of 553 million in Honda.
The overall performance of the vehicles, which grew by 4.31 per cent over the same period, the Yakaku, which grew robustly, and the rest of the vehicles, which fell slightly and were affected by the crown recall, was poor; and the volume of 1.14 million vehicles sold by the gas, which increased by 41.44 per cent over the same period, asx sales increased as a result of the completion of the product line and the roll-out of the new product of the Suv.
Look, the product of the Volkswagen Rover is on the rise, new stocks are more abundant, and the next round will continue in August, with the sales of the Volkswagen Feck 8515, an increase of 33.51% from the previous year.
It's slippery, it's going down, it's going down, it's going down, it's going to sell 712 new energy cars with Biadi this month, and it's going to be more important for the group to expand the new energy bus business.
The suv market was in decline; the solar system and new energy sources were growing less than expected.