The report is in line with expectations, with a slowdown in the power of the solar system: on August 25th, the company published the mid-2018 report, and the company achieved revenue of $37.2 billion, up from the same year.
7.0 per cent: net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $6.9 billion, up 11.8 per cent from the same year, with gains per share slowing down the pace of growth of the brand ownership of the company and looking forward to the recovery of the growth rate during the new product cycle.
The cost rate increased by 1.7 percentage points during the period, mainly as a result of increased costs for logistics warehousing, after-sales services and publicity, an increase of 44 per cent in sales costs over the year, an increase in equity incentives and a corresponding increase in overhead costs for the amortization of intangible assets, the creation of additional production capacity to open up bottlenecks in sales, the active deployment of smart networks and new energy vehicles
In the first half of 2018, with 100,000 new production capacity added to the Toyota 3 production line, it was launched at the beginning of the year, with a wide range of production bottlenecks opening up, adding up new product cycles that will drive continued growth in sales. In the first half of the year, the company worked hard to promote the new energy automobile park project of the joint venture with the U.S.A.
New Energy Motors, in collaboration with a number of partners such as Eichuan, Dixie, Ningde and Pony WikiLeaks, will gradually be deployed to trend areas such as new energy sources, smart network networks, mobile mobility, and to key technology areas such as “3-power” technologies, gearboxes, v2x/5g applications. Several strategic projects will be made public.
The Department’s industrial upgrading has created new dynamic energy, and the overall downside risks of automobile sales, as well as the expected spread of new products from autonomous brands, have led to an increase in the number of new products.
Figure 4: p/bbandtu Wang Fenghua: Master ' s degree at the People ' s University of China and currently President of the Associated Securities Institute.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels and is based on the author's professional understanding. This report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party's approval or approval.