\triangleright \triangleright
Quarterly reports of operating income of 9,738 million yuan, an increase of 9.78 per cent over the reporting period; net profit attributable to the public sector owner of the listed company of 3,137 million yuan, an increase of 9.34 per cent over the same period; net interest attributable to the shareholders of the listed company; four existing power stations are expected to be repaired. After the full delivery of the crane beach power station, the "four pools" were upgraded to "six"
The Treasury Consort, which can bring significant water savings downstream, is expected to generate about 230 billion kilowatt-hours (excluding Chilean lds) of electricity throughout the year. With the contribution of the lds, investment earnings, etc., existing assets are expected to be collected throughout the year, Māori, and net profits are expected to be about 610, 38 billion yuan.
Two major power stations, U and White, were injected and started with a third leap of 1 q22 UM with a combined power generation of nearly 130 \triangleright 1. Long River Power (60090.sh) in-depth report.
The average electricity generation is expected to increase from 200 billion kilowatt-hours to more than 300 billion kilowatt-hours. The calculations show that U.S. and Baekjin: 4+2+n=? After a steady production period, Yunchuan's annual hydropower revenues are about $26 billion, gross profits are about $14.3 billion, and the Māori rate is about 55%.
The Yangtze Power (6009000): Ubai infused, the landscape “infinite” boosted by three factors, and new energy development is expected to outpace expectations: the "3060" double carbon target pushes companies to intervene.
\triangleright energy development; wind, light-operated business models similar to hydropower, where roe is higher than the return on investment that currently holds shares in a company of its own; after entering the price-parity era, it is no longer subject to the wind of subsidy arrears, and light assets are valued.
It is estimated that investment is more attractive and that strong cash flows support rapid power in this area. It is estimated that the company’s 10 new photovoltaic power plants, which have been delivered in one quarter, generate more than 110 million kilowatt-hours of electricity, have acquired new energy resources with coordinates 4.3gw, and the Gansu Jang Pump project has been pre-researched.
Investment proposal: 1q22 water improvement meets expectations and the current assets are expected to be restored throughout the year. After the company completes the infusion of the two major power plants and initiates the large-scale development of new energy sources, it will form a business structure of 4+2+n.
\triangleright price fluctuations; 4) fiscal and other policy adjustments. Methodology and analytical logic leads to conclusions, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.