A steady growth in performance, depending on how many business things work together, the Pharming Condt (603259) evaluation reports that the non-recurring gains and losses contributed more profits during the period, and look at the growth in the company.
The higher rate of increase of 71 per cent over the year was due mainly to non-recurring losses arising mainly from changes in the fair value of non-listed companies, unity and non-listed new-type Chinese-owned medicines, which totalled $430 million in the first half of the year owing to exchange-rate factors.
So, the growth rate of the company’s principal income slowed slightly, with the current growth rate for the Division being 27.9 per cent, as measured by the average exchange rate for the same period last year, and the 32 per cent increase in the net profit from deductions, indicating that the growth in the company’s internal performance remained strong.
Increased client growth, with more than 800 new clients added to the company’s portfolio during the reporting period.
The development of an integrated service platform is expected to continue to benefit from regional migration trends in the outsourcing sector and the development of an innovative pharmaceutical industry in the country.
China has the largest share of revenues from laboratory operations in the region. Increases in domestic market openings. During the reporting period, the company’s laboratory services in the China region earned 2,416 million dollars, an increase of 21.65 per cent over the same period. The rate of increase is 28 per cent at the same exchange rate as the company’s traditional core business, pre-clinical molecules.
Operations cover the stages of discovery, development and development of small molecular chemicals, and provide clients with integrated services related to synthetic chemistry, biology, pharmaceutical chemistry, analytical chemistry, drug metabolic dynamics and toxicology, biological analysis services and testing services.
The company provides research and development services for more than 30 domestic pharmaceutical and start-up businesses, and assisted clients in the first half of 2018 have completed eight clinical trials for research new drug projects.
In the future, it is expected that domestic market operations will continue to grow rapidly, with public cmo/cdmo operations growing faster and potential for future development.
In the first half of 2018, the company ' s cmo/cdmo operations generated $1,209 million, a year-on-year increase in revenues from clinical phase III and commercialization projects, and the number of pre-clinical phase I, clinical phase XI and clinical phase 111 implementation projects since this year, respectively
For 484, 90, 39, stock of pre-products and staircases, companies have continued to obtain new client orders based on their strong technological R & D and integrated service capabilities, and the amount of active orders that have not yet earned their income has continued to rise and become more clinically advanced.
At the end of the reporting period, the value of the project orders continued to rise, amounting to $390 million. At the same time, the company continued to invest in building the production capacity of new process research and development, raw materials, and pharmaceutical production, adding up the demand of the industry, and this portion of the company’s operating income remained unchanged.
The rapid growth of clinical coro operations, which remained stable in the United States district laboratory operations 58.8 per cent higher in the first half of 2018, driven by major performance-driven Be business needs arising from the evaluation of clinical and generic consistency of innovative medicines in the country, and the Department of Economic and Social Affairs
The company’s clinical research and other co-services now include i-iv-phase clinical research services and other support services. The US district laboratory business was stable in the first half of the year compared to the same year, mainly due to the increase in revenues from precision medical research and development production services and medical devices.
The impact of short-term events in the arms detection operation is offset by a decline in revenues. As an important part of the strategy to build a leading technology and capability platform and a large healthy ecosphere, the company's precision medical research operations are still in capacity-building and capacity-building, with 24 clinical phases currently in progress.
Services provided by 7 clinical 11-111 projects, with progressive release of capacity and project profitability projections and investment proposals: companies as pioneers in outsourcing services for domestic integrated pharmaceutical research and development, with a strong combination of multi-business co-development patterns and globalized web services
Business service capacity, the company ' s future performance will continue to benefit from regional shifts in industry and the development of the domestic innovative pharmaceutical industry, with a net return on repatriation expected for 2018-2019, respectively