The overall performance is over-expected, the medical outsourcing leader, the advance of the military, the drug Ming Condé.
The company released its mid-2018 report, which achieved income of $4.409 billion, an increase of 20.29 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of $1,272 million, an increase of 71.31 per cent in the same year and a deduction of $827 million, an increase of 32.30 per cent in the same year.
During the reporting period, the company achieved income of $4.409 billion, an increase of 20.29 per cent over the same period, a net return to the mother of $1,272 million, an increase of 71.31 per cent over the same period, and a net gain of $827 million, an increase of 32.30 per cent over the same period.
Revenues increased by 20.29 per cent over the same period, with a decrease in the apparent rate of growth, mainly due to the fact that most of the company ' s operations were overseas and denominated in United States dollars, the average exchange rate of the national currency during the reporting period appreciated more significantly than during the same period last year, with a greater impact on the company ' s operations, and when measured at the average exchange rate during the same period last year, the company ' s revenues grew by 27.87 per cent over the same period, in line with expectations.
The main reasons for the increase in net profit from parent-to-mother ratio by 71.31 per cent, the increase in net profit from parent-to-back by 32.30 per cent, the rapid growth in the main business, the over-performance of the overall period, and the large difference in the rate of non-post-growth are the fact that the growth of company-owned business has remained stable while the fair value of the invested company as measured by its financial assets has increased rapidly, with $432 million in fair value changes being accounted for in current-period gains and losses, mainly from the unity of the companies that have invested above.
Biotechnology, inc. and changes in business values of non-listed pharmaceutical innovation companies, Huamedicine and adgeneinc. Laboratory services in China district: maintaining steady growth, leading performance contributions (the dollar income of the plate is about 65 per cent, subject to the RMB exchange rate during the reporting period).
The impact of the change is greater: the block achieved income of 2,416 million yuan, an increase of 21.65 per cent over the same period, as measured by the average exchange rate of the previous year, with an increase of 30.96 per cent over the same period. During the reporting period, companies continued to provide fully integrated precro services to multinational pharmaceutical companies, with a cumulative increase in collaboration with domestic clients, bringing together over 30 domestic pharmaceutical products.
(a) Enterprises and start-ups provide one type of innovative drug research and development service. Clinical research and other cro services: maintain high growth and provide performance gains: the plate achieves revenue of $231 million, an increase of 58.80 per cent over the same period;
Cost increases. During the reporting period, the rise in domestic innovations in medicine has led to a rapid increase in clinical pilot projects for new medicines, accompanied by an acceleration in the evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency, the expansion of the market for bio-equivalency clinical trial aids, the continuous improvement in the quality of clinical services by companies, the extensive recruitment of personnel, and a significant increase in the quality, size and capacity of bed-cro and smo services.
cmo/cdmo operations: steady increase in speed to provide performance contributions: the block achieved income of $1,209 million, an increase of 26.80% over the same period, for example, with greater impact. During the reporting period, companies continued to bring to the company a new clinical three-stage and commercialization phase through partnerships with clients, and contributed to the rapid growth of the company ' s cmo/cdmo operating income.
At the same time, some of the effects have been caused by the addition of an experimental production service to the Gmp branch of the United States, with an increase in prior inputs in the production-capability-upgrading period. US District Laboratory Services: Business Volatility Plus Layout Inputs, with a slight decline in plate profitability: the plate achieved revenue of $546 million, a 1.93% decline in the same year, as measured by the average exchange rate for the same period last year, a decrease of 585% in the same year; and Māori 125 million, a decline in the same year.
To change the outsourcing strategy after the acquisition, and add to the one-off short-term large-scale projects completed in the same period last year, revenue contributions have declined in a phased manner, and the precision medical R & D production services are still in a productive period, with a quicker contribution expected as the capacity is released. Long, the capacity-building package and the expansion of the talent team have been steadily and simultaneously.
During the reporting period, the company ' s business profile continued to improve, with a focus on the dna coded compound complex construction project and other research and development activities to improve the efficiency of its services, and its research and development capacity continued to improve.
The company’s subsidiary, Shanghai Pharmacy, purchased a portion of the tax on the entire assets and liabilities of the pharmaceutical development services that it held in Shanghai. Excluding the one-time tax effect, net operating cash flows increased by 8.55 per cent on a year-on-year basis and were in good business.
1. The world's leading pharmaceutical outsourcing giants, with a lot of flowers and flowers, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, as a global pharmaceutical research and development outsourcing service, has 26 research and development bases/branch offices around the world, around clients in the field of global pharmaceutical research and development.
To date, companies have provided research and development services to more than 3,000 clients worldwide, covering the top 20 largest pharmaceutical companies and various new drug developers worldwide. Business is well ahead of schedule, covering the entire chain of drug research and development, production and commercialization services, well beyond other cro or cmo firms in the country.
In the global context of the high profile of the industry, with the already existing global giants, it is expected that more will be flowered. Corporate combination chemistry, which has for many years cultivated the discovery of small molecular compounds and drug analysis and testing operations (54.80% of income for 2018h1), is at the forefront of the world’s industry, with the long-term steady growth of the plate with its long-term advantage;
(a) The company ' s rapid deployment of clinical research and related co-operation (5.24 per cent income from 2018h1) along with its pre-cro operations in deep-farming clinics, which previously had a small market share and which was expected to grow rapidly as the market for new medicines and bio-equivalency clinical trials developed rapidly in the country;
Cmo/cdmo operations (2018h1 income as against 27.43 per cent) of the total pharmaceutical industry, on the one hand, the global cmo/cdmo market is higher than the coro market, providing the plate with a higher ceiling, and, on the other hand, Māori levels are expected to continue to increase as the clinical pre-program is transformed into the post-clinical and commercial phase, and the portfolio is expected to grow rapidly;
Through US district laboratories, companies can provide global leadership in precision medicine (cell therapy and gene therapy) and high-quality standard medical device testing. Research and development services operations (12.39% of income from 2018h1) are dedicated to meeting the huge research and development needs of pharmaceutical companies and research institutions in this innovative field. Precision medical research and development production services are still in the process of capacity-building and capacity-building, currently covering 24 clinical phase I projects and seven clinical ii-ii.
With the gradual release of productive capacity and the increase in the project, subsequent revenues and profits are expected to grow faster. (2) Deep-farming of the domestic market for medical outsourcing, with significant scope for business expansion. The pharmaceutical industry in the Euro-American market is more mature, with companies accounting for a larger share of business income abroad (78.27 per cent in 2017), and more coro abroad.
Against the backdrop of the gradual transfer of domestic industries and the rise of domestic pharmaceutical innovation in the cmo/cdmo industry, companies have a huge potential to expand their operations domestically, with the leading advantage of the global giants through outsourcing of pharmaceutical R & D production.Cro: With its leading research services and technical capacity globally, the company is able to deepen its cooperation with domestic clients.
Over 30 domestic pharmaceutical enterprises and start-ups have provided an innovative type of drug research and development service, and cumulatively, 36 projects have been completed for domestic pharmaceutical companies with the completion of the ind declaration process and 25 clinical trial batches; 8 research new drug projects have been completed during the reporting period; and 8 clinical trial batches have been obtained, representing about 16 per cent of the total number of new drugs of the same kind declared in the country during the same period.
The Group licensed an innovative drug for the treatment of hepatitis B to an internationally recognized pharmaceutical plant with a total transfer proceeds of $253 million, receiving a second milestone transfer of interest income of $16.8 million in the first half of the year, and is expected to grow steadily in domestic projects. Clinical research and others: the rise in domestic drug research and development, and the build-up of the Be operation resulting from the evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency, together with the promotion of domestic immigration.
The Bedcro market has expanded rapidly, and the company has over 1,500 clinical coordinators, providing clinical centre management services in 600 hospitals in nearly 100 cities across the country, and is now expected to grow rapidly with a smaller share of the company in this area.cmo/cdmo: The CZC subsidiary is working in the pharmaceutical industry and has the largest and most powerful technology research and development team in the world.
Team, which provides international and national clients with integrated services for advanced intermediates, raw materials and preparations for chemical innovations from pre-clinical process development, trial production, process validation to commercial production, with domestic revenue at 12.27 per cent in 2017, rapid bursting with domestic research and development of new medicines, and a source of financial prosperity in the East.
The share of domestic cmo/cdmo operations has grown year by year, and there is a huge scope for expansion. 3) Capital operations continue to be well-placed, offering new and additional perspectives in the future. 2011 saw the establishment of the Pharmacy Constituency Risk Fund (Wuxiventurefund), the development of new medicines in the biopharmaceutical industry, etc.
Covering multiple treatment areas such as cancer, old age, diabetes, hepatitis B, orphan medicine, has been combined with China and capital to invest in the cross-border risks of new medical companies worldwide, with the ability and resources of excellent investment teams and operating support teams to fully match the Ming Cond ' s industrial platform, manage seven funds, manage more than RMB 10 billion in size, invest and nurture more than 70 businesses to grow and grow rapidly and grow, and maintain capital operations.
The future is expected to offer new perspectives, while the company’s model of “capital plus research and development” for downstream innovation projects, which provides a collaborative and innovative service, can enhance client cooperation and the overall level of corporate returns.
The advantages of the integration of the cro, cmo/cdmo industrial chain are evident, and the benefits are evident in the high-profile medical innovation service track. The rapid development of the R & D production services and capital operations of the combination of precision medicine, high-quality standard medical equipment testing is expected to grow steadily over the long term, with the first coverage, with a “strongly recommended” rating.
Industry policy has not progressed as expected; fund-raising projects have not progressed as expected; industry competition risks; and exchange rate fluctuations.
Zhang Jinyang, a member of the seventh new wealth team in 2015, and third in the crystal ball team in 2015. Master of Pharmacology, North Beijing University, Bachelor of Pharmacology, Beijing University, Bachelor of Economics, and Master of Kings Business School, three years old.
The research assistant provides an overview of the researcher’s own views.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies