Pharmacy, 603259. Cro has a strong lead and outperforms the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Summary of performance: corporate business income of 2018h1 was 4.41 billion yuan, an increase of 20.3 per cent in the same year; net profit of 1.270 billion yuan, an increase of 71.3 per cent in the same year; net profit after deduction was 830 million yuan, an increase of 32.3 per cent in the same year; and excellent performance, with significant growth in operating income of the individual sections.
Apart from a slight decline in revenue from room services, other operations registered higher rates of growth; laboratory services, clinical coro, cmo/cdmo in China region grew at a rate of 21.6 per cent, 58.8 per cent and 26.8 per cent, respectively, higher than the industry of around 10 per cent of the world ' s coro industry, owing mainly to the company ' s approximately 800 new customers in the first half of the year.
As a result of the appreciation of the renminbi, the Māori ratio of the business of the company 2018h1 has declined, with a combined Māori growth rate of 11.1% for the main business, which, if measured at the same exchange rate level last year, provides high-quality, efficient and innovative research and development services, benefiting from the high-speed development dividend of domestic innovation medicines.
In-house mature or start-up enterprises provide research and development services for 1 type of innovative drug, 2018h1 helper clients complete clinical trials (ind) for eight innovative drug projects and obtain clinical batches for eight projects, representing 16 per cent of the country ' s declarations for the same period. The company has cumulatively completed 36 projects for domestic pharmaceutical companies
In 2016, the company’s industry licensed the international development of an innovative drug for the treatment of hepatitis B to Johnson and Johnson, with a total proceeds of $253 million; in addition, a number of well-known pharmaceutical companies in the country have chosen to serve as their innovative pharmaceutical research and development providers.
The next 10 years will be a period of rapid development of domestic innovation drugs, and a large number of domestic pharmaceutical companies that lack innovative sources will need firms to provide research and development services for innovative drugs, and companies will benefit fully from the dividends of the rapid development of domestic innovation drugs. • Professional research and development background will create investment capacity in the field of innovation medicine.
It is $440 million, of which $430 million is part of the current period’s fair value change for the company’s investment target, which, guided by the company’s many years of experience with innovative drug research and development services, is divided into high-quality start-up innovation companies that will grow up to achieve fair value over time.
Profit predictions and ratings. Not considering the impact of this incentive on new equity and non-recurring gains and losses, benefiting from one of the most global pharmaceutical research and development services platforms, which will benefit from the rapid growth of China’s innovative pharmaceutical industry in the future.
To enjoy the high-speed development dividend of domestic innovation medicines. Maintain the “buy-in” rating. 1. Drug Ming Condex (603259): Restricted stock incentives are available and long-term incentives are in place.
2. Pharmacy Mind (603259): The world ' s leading cro leader, sharing the domestic innovation dividend (2018-07-02), has not received, and will not receive, any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.