Annual summary: net profits of Hangzhou Bank increased by 29.8 per cent in 2021 and operating income by the same year.
18.4 per cent; cost-earnings 27.3 per cent; total assets at the end of the year of 1.39 trillion yuan, an increase of 18.9 per cent compared to the beginning of the year; net profit gains at Hangzhou Bank maintained a high level of business excellence, asset quality and provision coverage of 568 per cent, leading the industry to support bright performance sustainability.
Loans are growing faster again. We look forward to the future regional advantages and growth of the company, maintaining the company's buy-in performance, raising the non-interest income ratio by 29.8 per cent a year, and further up from the previous three quarters (+26.2 per cent, yoy).
The rate of increase is at the top of the list of banks. In 2021, a rapid increase of 19.7 per cent in net fees was achieved, benefiting from a strong growth in bank lending in Hangzhou, 21.5 per cent compared to the previous year; deposits increased by 16.1 per cent compared to the previous year, and the rate of increase was also at the top of the list of banks. With the rapid expansion of operations, the core-level capital adequacy rate at the end of the year was 8.43 per cent.
We believe that the size of the company is expected to continue to be high, benefiting from the economic advantages of the region, taking into account the excellent asset quality performance of Hangzhou banks and the high demand for credit, our upturn or strengthening.
The downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected; regulatory controls are more than expected.
Banks: The Bank of Hangzhou achieved a net profit of $9.26 billion in 2021, an increase of 29.8 per cent in the same year, of which net interest earnings increased by 9.2 per cent in the same year, fees and charges increased by 19.7 per cent in the same year and operating income increased by 18.4 per cent in the same year, and cost revenues by 27.3 per cent, an increase of 0.95 percentage points in the same year.
The Hangzhou Bank increased its net profit by 29.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, further up from the previous three quarters (+26.2 per cent, yoy) at the top of the list, leading to an increase of 1.19 percentage points to 12.6 per cent in the year-on-year rise in the net revenue from fees by 19.7 per cent in 2021.
Despite a slight slowdown over the previous three quarters (+20.0 per cent, yoy), the absolute level remained relatively superior. The asset quality of the company increased by 5.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis, driving profits up from 17.2 per cent before the provision to 29.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis. In terms of impairment losses, loan losses decreased by 38 per cent and non-lending losses increased by 150 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Hangzhou bank loans grew strongly, with 21.5 per cent compared to the previous year, faster than total assets (+18.9 per cent), and drove loans increased by 0.97 percentage points to 42.3 per cent at the beginning of the year compared with the earlier years, with public loans (including discounts), retail loans increasing by 23.3 per cent, and 19.2 per cent, and manufacturing, leasing and commerce, and utilities increasing by 16 per cent, 16 per cent and 51 per cent, respectively, at the end of the year as compared to the annual increase in public loans;
With regard to retail loans, the company focused on the development of consumer credit and individual housing mortgages, which grew by 22.1% and 14.5%, respectively, at the end of the year, compared to the beginning of the year. With the rapid expansion of operations, the company’s core-level capital adequacy rate at the end of the year was 8.43%, low in the upper-market banks.
Local economic advantages, the expected growth in corporate size, and core-level capital as the core and basis of business expansion, suggest that attention be paid to companies that, with strong credit growth, have increased bond and joint stocking issues by 98 per cent on a year-on-year basis. The ratio of deposits to liabilities at the end of the year decreased by 1.8 percentage points to 62.8 per cent compared to the end of the previous year.
In 2021, Hangzhou Bank dropped from 15 bp to 1.83 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and although the end-of-debt cost range was from 4 bp to 2.39 per cent, it did not follow the end-of-asset rate of return (14 bp). We believe that the decline in end-of-asset rate of return reflects more of a company’s prudent risk preference, as reflected in loan lending upwards, but the counterpart company’s asset quality was excellent.
Given the decline in the ratio of deposits to current deposits, companies are expected to strengthen the cost management of deposits and replace higher-cost deposits. The impact of the declining margin ratio and the rising cost of deposits is that the cost of deposits (2.21 per cent) is higher than in the first half of the year (2.18 per cent).
By the end of 2021, the company’s bad rate ring ranged from 4 bp to 0.86 per cent down by the third quarter; in terms of adverse generation measurements, the end-of-year calculus percentage point, with a strong provision and a strong performance stability, was observed at the beginning of the year.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality. Banks are more relevant as a pro-cyclical industry, corporate business development, and economic development.
Financial supervision is over-expected. Since 2021, regulation of hidden government debt, real estate regulation has intensified, while continuing to direct banks to the real economy, if financial regulation is expected to affect the bank’s earnings performance, either by making money-policy supermarket expectations or by affecting the bank’s earnings performance.