26 April 2022 Super-expected performance and good financial performance Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh)
The incident company issued its first quarterly report in 2022, with performance exceeding expectations, lower impairment pressure of 2022q1, and the company achieving operating income at 1st Lat.
Net interest income increased slightly, with deposits growing steadily by 2022 q1, net corporate interest receipts of $5,459 million, or 1.42 per cent more than the previous year, with lower rates of increase and projected cost of indebtedness rising by 7.11 per cent compared to the beginning of the year.
The growth in non-interest income continued with good performance of 2022 q1 in middle-income finance and $3.309 billion in corporate non-interest revenue, a 50.87 per cent increase in the same year, which continued to increase as a share of operating income The impact of the increase in fees. As of the end of March 2022, the balance of Hong Kong's treasury property was managed.
Of these, investment returns (including fair value change gains/losses) are consistently optimized with asset quality, and the level of the provision is ahead of the public sector as at the end of March 2022.
The company’s investment proposal is based on Hangzhou, deep-down rivers, with a strong regional profile with strong credit growth and excellent asset quality. The company’s latest five-year strategic plan is designed to bring business transformation and restructuring forward in an orderly manner around the “225-05” strategy.
Competitiveness, corporate finance acceleration, financial services overlap, retail consolidation of finance, wealth management and consumer credit, financial management and marketing performance, wide scope of consumer financial markets, and micro-finance keeping up faster growth. We look forward to corporate business growth in the future.
In keeping with the company's fundamentals and equity elasticity, maintaining a “recommended” rating, 2022-2024 bvps personally committed themselves to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, which clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.