Incident: On 25 April, the Hangzhou Bank issued a 22q1 financial report with revenue of $8.77 billion, yoy + 15.7 per cent; the mother ' s net profit of $3.31 billion, yoy + 31.4 per cent; the negative rate of 0.82 per cent and the provision coverage of 580 per cent; the rate of growth in the camp was maintained at a high rate and the profits increased again.
\triangleright Mother net profit rises up the steps at a year-on-year rate, ring +1.6 pct, with high performance rates. According to the recovery rate, net interest income is slowing down, benefiting from the growth of financial operations and a steady increase in net fee revenue.
By 20.1%, other non-interest income grew at a rate of 90.5%. In terms of net profit contribution, the scale expansion was a crushing block, while other non-interest income contributions increased, the counter-breeding profits were reduced, net interest differentials were held back, two large loans were made to optimize asset structure, and interest differentials released a positive signal. The Hangzhou Bank loan was invested in 22q1 loans.
The balance of cash has expanded rapidly, growing by 21.4 per cent compared to the previous year, and the total amount of deposits has risen steadily to 18.2 per cent, with the principal interest-bearing asset return ratio - 10bp, which is consistent with the overall industry trend; at the end of the debt line, the balance of the deposits has risen to 18.2 per cent.
1. Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh) explained in detail in 2021 that asset quality remained excellent and the provision coverage was higher. Hangzhou Bank ' s non-performing lending rate was higher.
\triangleright new strategic launch, high growth, high quality Early in the year - 4bp, 21 consecutive quarters down, maintaining excellent asset quality and further strengthening; provision for coverage
2. Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh) fast-tracked performance 2021: net profit rate of 29.8 per cent and negative rate of further decline 3. Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh) share transfer rating: shareholders
\triangleright \triangleright
\triangleright Figure 1: Hangzhou Bank ' s performance as at 22q1 increased by the same rate as at 22q1 Figure 2: Hangzhou Bank ' s performance as at 22q1 increased by the same rate (single season)
Figure 5: Hangzhou Bank ' s net profit as at 22q1 was dismantled at a rate of increase over time
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.