Hangzhou Bank Performance Lead, Quality of Assets Summary Performance: Hangzhou Bank net profit growth of 31.4 per cent in the first quarter of the year, operating income growth of the same year
15.7%; cost revenue is 22.30%, an increase of 0.95 percentage points over the same period last year.
High-volume, 580% coverage, industry leadership, sustaining bright performance. We appreciate the company’s future regional development advantages and its growth and core capital, which is expected to grow rapidly when core capital is in place.
Corporate credit growth was strong in the first quarter, 7.11 per cent higher than at the beginning of the year. We believe that the demand for corporate regional credit is strong, given that capital adequacy at the firm’s core level (8.17 per cent at the end of the quarter) is somewhat constrained by the expansion of the company’s size, which could be expanded or even more when capital is replenished by smooth swaps.
End-of-end rate of return: 9bp; end-of-liability rate: 8bp. Looking ahead, retail credit placement is expected to accelerate, build up company micro-business, reduce or narrow asset end-of-end rates of return.
The negative rate at the end of the season continued at 4bp to 0.82 per cent compared to the end of 2021, and measured a negative loan student in the quarter.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting Quality deterioration due to the downside of the economy and regulatory over-expected banking: municipal comptoirs ii
The Hangzhou Bank achieved a net profit of $3.309 billion in the first quarter of 2022, representing a 31.4 per cent increase in the same year, of which net interest income increased by 1.4 per cent per cent. Total assets at the end of the season increased by $1.46 trillion, compared with 4.77 per cent at the beginning of the year, total loans increased by 7.11 per cent, total deposits increased by 7.11 per cent, total deposits by 31 per cent and net profits by 31 per cent at the end of the season.
Hangzhou Bank increased its performance at a high rate in the first quarter, with net profits increasing by 31.4 per cent over the same period, a further 1.6 percentage point increase over 2021 (+29.8 per cent, yoy) and expected to lead the banks on the market, leading to an increase of 2.44 percentage points to 16.20 per cent over the same period in the first quarter of the year. Standard expansion, non-interest income and the quality of excellent assets are the central positive contribution to performance.
The increase of 20.1 per cent over the same period is expected to result from revenue from fiscal operations; other non-interest-bearing income increased by 90.5 per cent over the same year, mainly as a result of changes in the valuation of financial investment capital and consumer finance company revenues. Net interest income increased by 1.4 per cent over the same quarter, and by 18.6 per cent over the same period of time (+18.4 per cent, yoy) slowed down, but is still expected to outperform the average of listed banks.
Loans are booming, and core capital is expected to grow rapidly when it is in place. Corporate credit grew robustly in the first quarter of the year, rising by 7.11 per cent compared to the beginning of the year, faster than total asset size (4.77 per cent). We believe that credit needs are strong in the corporate region, taking into account the capital adequacy rate at the core level of the company (8.17 per cent at the end of the season) and some expansion in the size of the company.
Constrainted by a smooth conversion of debt, core capital, expansion or a sharper performance. 9.9 per cent/two.6 per cent increase in public (including notes)/retail loans in one quarter compared to the beginning of the year, respectively, if one quarter adds $36 billion in public loans and $20.8 billion in new manufacturing loans, or 58 per cent; retail loans add $5.8 billion and mortgages, respectively.
The asset end rate of return is down by 9bp and the liability end cost is down by 8bp. We believe that there are seasonal factors behind the asset end rate of return. Looking ahead, retail credit lending is expected to accelerate, and company microbusiness is expected to move forward, and asset end rate of return is reduced or will be reduced. The end end of the liability rate will benefit mainly from the optimization of the (1) structure, with deposits as a ratio of interest-bearing liabilities.
Hangzhou banks maintained excellent asset quality, with indicators leading the listed banks. The negative rate at the end of the quarter continued to run from 4 bp to 0.82 per cent at the end of 2021, keeping the listed banks low; the incidence of bad loans at the end of the first quarter was repeated and the economy was over-expected. As a pro-cyclical industry, corporate business development was more relevant to economic development at the macro-economic level.
Development affects the operation and profitability of the real economy, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector. Since 2022, the epidemic has been repeated, or has had a negative impact on the economy.
Financial regulation is more than expected. Since 2021, regulation of hidden government debt and real estate has intensified, while continuing to direct banks to the real economy, if financial regulation is either expected by the supermarket or will affect corporate earnings performance.