The new strategy began with high growth and high quality, and revenue growth remained high on 16/04/04/2022, with high income performance and high profit growth rates continuing to rise 2021.
\triangleright up 7.9 pct, hosting and investment consultant business is the core support, while other non-interest-bearing income benefits from a two-way increase in the return and valuation of financial transactional assets, bringing about an increase of nearly 90% on a year-on-year basis.
In a single season, the 21q4 battalion registered a steady increase in net profit relative to 42.7% and the ring ratio + 8.2 pct. In large retail distributions, consumer lending and wealth management worked hand in hand. The company retailed aum in 2021.
The sales of wealth management products grew well by 10.9 per cent, with the fund sales balance rising by 166 per cent over the same period, in the form of a large surplus of gold, which contributed in a significant way and contributed to low-cost indebtedness.
The two extensions of micro-finance are beginning to work. Client extensions, \triangleright and +8.9% to 217,000 households in 2021; credit extensions, micro-credit balances +22.1%, leading the total.
Loans and individual loans are increasing. The company's strategy is solidly advanced and is expected to support long-term expansion and net appreciation: net profits are increasing by 29.8 per cent and negative rates continue to decline. 2. Hangzhou Bank (600926.sh) shares transfer points: shareholders
\triangleright inter-agreement transfers, without changing their growth patterns, have returned somewhat, mainly due to the decline in interest-bearing asset returns, but the 21q4 net difference is narrow in a single season.
A negative double drop, with a significant increase in the provision coverage of 98 pct. In 2021, the firm’s negative rate was significantly lower than at the beginning of the year, with a further 4 bp drop in the quarterly round, with a decline in the balance of non-performing loans and a substantial increase in asset quality;
In terms of leading indicators, the rate of concern and the rate of delay have continued the downward trend, and the tightening of negative perceptions suggests that the quality of production is expected to continue to improve.
High performance, large retailing, small and medium strategic performances highlighted, net differentials were now stable, asset quality was high 1.1 times 22 years pb, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
Figure 1: Hangzhou Bank ' s year-on-year performance up to 2021: Figure 5: Hangzhou Bank ' s net profit up to 2021: Year-on-year dismantling: Figure 6: Hangzhou Bank ' s performance up to 2021: Year-on-year increase (single season)
Figure 7: Portfolio and acceleration of retail sales by Hangzhou Bank as of 2021 Figure 12: Non-performing loan rate by Hangzhou Bank as of 2021 Figure 15: Hangzhou Bank ' s overdue loan structure as of 2021
Figure 16: Level of funding provided by Hangzhou Bank up to 2021 Summary of data projections of corporate financial statements Methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.