New Shun (002001.sz) New and product analysis collating contacts: Xue Chung, Zhou Fengchun
Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre Company Profile: A concret chemical giant growing up from a school-based plant, Zhejiang Shin and Cheng, Inc., was created in 1999 and successfully listed as the first share of the small and medium-sized enterprise (SMEs) board in 2004, stock exchange
The company is a country that focuses on the production of nutrients, fragrances, fresh materials and raw materials, with a high priority for new technologies with four modern production bases in Zhejiang, Zhejiang, Shandong Peng, Heilongjiang, Vd3, aromatic alcohol, lemon formaldehyde, etc.
In 1998, Hupayan, then a teacher at the secondary school level, led six students to finance a new and new organic plant in Shinchang County, formerly accosted with 100,000 yuan to work on pure waste alcohol and acetic acetic acid. In 1990, half a million people were financed to develop high-efficiency spectral antibiotic intermediates, with an increase in the value of production from 1 million to 10 million.
The company then developed and broke through two major intermediates, trimethylhydrazine and isoplantol. The 1997 va was successfully developed, and in 2000 it achieved scale production. Since then, the public administration has grown rapidly around the vitamin business.
Through research and development into sub-sectors with high-technology barriers, through their own research and development innovations and close cooperation with higher education institutions, over the past two decades, key processes, such as vas, ve, lemon formaldehyde, aromaticol, pps, pine amino acids and intermediates, have been able to break through into areas where there is a gap in the country, highlighting the strong R & D and innovation capabilities of companies.
Research and development innovation: promote a “teacher culture” where research and development is put in place, a new and a “teacher culture” that promotes “thinks business as a school and employees as students” and attaches great importance to the introduction and development of skilled people, so that scientists can realize their own value in new and emerging societies.
Production practices and management experience are rich. At present, the company is engaged in research and development with close to 1,000 people, half of whom are PhDs and masters, with more than 20 PhDs, two National Thousands Project talent, and two Provincial Thousands Project talent.
Base layout: Zhejiang, Shandong, Heilongjiang, Heilongjiang Province, Zhelongjiang Zhenjiang, Heilongjiang Zhen Economic Development Area, Heilongjiang Gang, Heilongjiang Shin and Cheng Biotech Co. Ltd.
Mainly engaged in the production and marketing of products such as high value added, green and green nutrients, food (feed) additives, medical raw materials, etc., are committed to becoming the world's renowned bio-industry manufacturing base.
Shandong Province Xinhu City Xianhu Bay Economic Development Area Shandong Nobang Pharmacy Co. Ltd. Shandong Nobita Vitamins Co. Ltd.
Shandong New and Acarine Acid Co. Ltd. is mainly involved in the production and sale of spices, nutrients, and many products such as aromatic salves, lemon ellipses, raspberry ketone, etc. are among the world ' s leading producers.
Xiangjiang Province
Zhejiang Province, Shochen City, Hangzhou Bay Economic Development Area, Shin Changneng and Vitamins Ltd. High Risk and Biochemistry Co. Ltd.
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZNZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZHSHING THROUGHING THROUGHTER, AND THROUGHTER, ZEAING, ZEA, ZARING, ZYAN, ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZH, ZH, ZH, ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZH, ZH, ZH, ZZZZZZZ
Production and marketing of vitamine, vitamina, vitaminh, vitamind3, feed q10 and food supplements, vitamine, vitamina, carrots, high molecular composites
Production and sale of materials, first new process for the synthesis of polysulfur ethers, business plates: nutrients, spices, new materials, biomethers, pharmaceuticals Performance: four stages of company growth
(a) Production of va ve in 2002-2007, under pressure from foreign giants, with high cost pressures and companies earning less than 100 million dollars per year;
4) Environmentally sounding vitamins entered the air cycle from 2016 to 2018, while the fragrance business grew rapidly, from around 1 billion to a maximum of 3 billion. The company’s profit center is vulnerable to the volatility of vitamin prices, while the company is also developing new business, which already accounts for up to 30% of the spice business, and the new materials and the pylonic acids are making a profit.
Profit structure: vitamin-led profits, increased share of new business Proportion of company operations (in millions of dollars by income) Share of company operations (in millions of yuan)
Grown-up: 10 billion in projects under construction, new layout, new growth company projects are well stocked, future growth paths are clear, and according to the construction work under way and the environmental assessment report, the company will expand its old vitamin product lines and continue to grow new business.
1) Vitamin outreach, strategic layout biological fermentation directions, mainly vc, vb2, vb12 and vb6, which can take full advantage of existing client synergies, as well as the relocation of project ve to the Shandong base to take advantage of local resource advantages and park areas; 2) continued increase and expansion of product lines in spice spices, including maltphenol;
4) New materials continue to improve production capacity, 15,000 tons of pps are fully loaded, and 15,000 tons of production capacity is planned; Vitamine: optimized industry integration patterns, ve profit hubs will be upgraded Synthesis ve: key intermediates are isoplantol and trimethylhydrazine
Global industrial synthesis has been legally produced in step-by-step reduction of isoplantol and trimethylhydrazine Natural: deodorants and distillants from plants or crops, smaller amounts Vitamine: optimized industry integration patterns, and the ve profit center will be upgraded
Key mesozool synthesis process 1: pseudoviralone method Global Lemon Aldehyde Market 2018: 3-Mig Oligarch Patterns Lemon Aldehyde Preparation Method for Core Material
Mountain oil, lemon formaldehyde, natural extraction.
Isobutylene Condensed oxidation Isobutylene Method
(basf) Lemon aldehyde, isopentol
Multistep response, dehydrated aromatic sulfonol, reordering.
Lemon formaldehyde dehydrated aromatic sulfonol.
The raw lemon formaldehyde is derived from both natural extraction and chemical synthesis, and industrialization is currently dominated globally by Bassov (Germany), Shinzu (China) and Colaly, mainly by chemosynthesis.
(Japan) Three productions of lemon formaldehyde, headed by Bassov (75% of the city) Vitamine: the industry integration pattern is optimized and the profit center ve will upgrade the key intermediate hemospheric synthesizing process 2: the aromatic sulfone method, various classifications
Vitamine: optimized industry integration patterns, ve profit hubs will be upgraded, aromatic sulfonol methods will be compared, ves e: optimized industry integration patterns, ve profit hubs will be upgraded
Key intermediate hemogenol synthesis process 3: the Fanitriene process Synthetic hemogenol: a comparison of three processes Vitamine: optimized industry integration pattern, ve profit center will be upgraded
Synthetic trimethylhydrazine: five methods. Synthetic trimethylhydrazine: five methods compared. Vitamine: optimized industry integration patterns.
Global Vitamin e: Capability and Production Global Vitamine Competing Patterns
Global venerable capacity is concentrated in six enterprises, with cr4 = 85% New and Chengshan East Bank project gradually changing capacity with the current Zhejiang project, and 20,000 tons of new technology in 2020.
Vitamine: optimized industry integration patterns, ve profit hubs will upgrade the country's Vitamine import and export patterns Vitamine: optimized industry integration patterns, ve profit hubs will upgrade
ve Production has two key intermediates: the main ring, trimethylhydrazine and side, chain helium, five process routes for the synthesis of trimethylhydrazine, and three process routes for the synthesis of helogenol, which in recent years have been highly technological.
The gradual realization of trimethylhydrazine and Fanitrophene by dibenzo-p-diphenyl-based dibenzo-p-diphenyl-based dimethylhydrazepines, art-synthetic hetogenol and, with a greater cost advantage, a place in the ve industry, which is heavily priced by new entrants.
Hearts are moving down from $200/kg in 2010 down to vitamine: the industry integration pattern is optimal, the ve profit center is going up, the integration ve the competition pattern is going down.
The collaboration between the manufacturers and the technology of Energetic Technology The partnership of Tesman with the technology: the convergence between dsm and Energetic in the third quarter of 2019 is expected to come to an end, and
The new joint venture, Lemante, will be remodeling the Questve production line in accordance with the dsm standards, and it's currently capable of doing 40,000 tons of special technology-ve powder production and 20,000 tons of ongoing projects.
They expect that with the short-term supply constraint of the device, the price war will officially end in the future, supported by the dsm marketing strategy, and the profits will return to a reasonable level.
ve a $10/kg increase in company performance of $330 million. In addition, the company trimethylhydrazine uses the afroketone route and invests in it with 33% of the schizophrenic (isoplant ol) assets and 33% of the schilling technology, with dsm financing.
1066 million people acquired 75 per cent of the new company and indirectly held 25 per cent of the equity in Stone Chief Executive.
Synthetic va: Basf (c15+c5) Synthetic va: a comparison between two methods
Lemon formaldehyde is produced by natural extraction and chemical synthesis, and industrialization is mainly based on chemical synthesis.
The global concentration of lemon formaldehyde is concentrated in three hands, mainly Bassov. At present, the country’s 10,000-Power chemistry has broken out of the production of lemondehyde.
Lemon aldehyde downstream, with 44 per cent of the demand for vitamina. Vitamin a: base devices are unstable and industry will maintain a high profile va: global capacity and new plans
We have a regional distribution of our va manufacturers, and we have a global va major producer capacity.
We're building capacity. We're building capacity. We're building capacity.
Vitamins a: the basf device is unstable and the industry will maintain a high profile.
The share of exports of domestic va manufacturers is higher than the share of our exports of va, which are dominated by new summation, Zhejiang medicine and Kim Dawei, which in recent years have accounted for 60-65 per cent of the share of exports of vitamina.
Vitamins a: the base device is unstable and the industry will maintain a high profile va: short-term price volatility is mainly affected by supply contractions
The fire at the Lemon ellipse plant caused a global supply strain, with the offer rising from 160 to a maximum of 1400 kg. In 2018, the price fell as the Basf device recovered, but the price remained at 400 yuan/kg, depending on the market supply. In June 2019, the Basvva cooling system malfunctioned, and maintenance progress will be announced in September-October.
Given the ageing of the Basff device, the high incidence of malfunctioning of equipment, the unexpected impact of the fire on the lemon ellipse plant, and the technical difficulties of the va and the long period of time required to increase the load of work, we expect the price of the va to remain strong. New and existing 10,000 tons of va capacity, 8,000 tons of key raw lemon formal, can be fully self-sufficient and guarantee the full capacity of the va.
Fragrance: Using technological synergies, the subconscious layouts are growing, and the market for spices in the spices industry is very promising: also known as spices, which are the ingredients for making spices, and can rely on fragrances felt by smell or taste.
Fragrance: A mixture of multiple fragrance components is extracted, fermented, fermented, and thermally reacting through synthetic aromatic oils that imitate the smell of fruits or natural fragrances. In fragrance formulations, synthetic spices account for about 85%, sometimes more than 95%. Industry characteristics: multiplicity, low yield, high adjunctity, low use, wide use.
Fields of application: plastics, feed, tobacco and alcohol, food, textiles, cosmetics, medicine, 3 per cent compound increase in the global market for spices and 10 per cent in domestic production. Total global market for spices reached $28.2 billion in 2017, an increase of 4.6 per cent over the previous year, with an average annual growth rate of 4.9 per cent.
In 2022, it reached about $36 billion. Of the total world market, the flavors are about 56%, and the perfumes are the remaining 44%.
According to Leffingwell & Associates, the global market for spice spices has been warming since November 2016, reaching $26.3 billion in 2017, an increase of 7.37 per cent over the same period, and a combined growth rate of 2.81 per cent over the five-year period 2012-2017.
It grew to $6.8 billion, an average annual increase of 8.7 per cent, with Chinese supply in the spice market rising from $1.1 billion to $1.8 billion, an annual increase, on the one hand, as consumption levels rose, the quality of commodities and foodstuffs became more demanding, promoting the development of the spice fine industry, and, on the other hand, the global spice fragrance giants are increasing their investment in Asian markets, particularly in China and India.
Some of our synthetic spice products are already important on the international market, with the export of vanilla and ethylolin accounting for more than 50 per cent of the global supply, the export of maltphenol and ethyl maltphenol in most international markets, and the export of spices such as synthia, jasmine, raspberry ketone, phenylethanol, fragrance, etc.
Global fragrances form competition based on the international giant Chihuaton, the American international fragrance, the kimono, and the beauty of Finland, as well as monopolistic profits by controlling key spice varieties and technologies. Domestic firms are late in starting up, pre-market competition, nuclear technology is inadequate, few breeds, imitations are dominant, businesses are large but small, and production of low value-added spices is dominated by low value-added spices, and there is a lack of domestic resources.
Fragrance fragrances: based on technological synergies, subconscious layouts are growing, fragrant products are classified, synthetic spice products are classified and the main varieties are selected.
Fragrance: Building on technological synergies, subconscious layouts are growing, using petrochemical raw materials for large amounts of synthesizing spices, new and fragrant income, Māori (millions of yuan)
Aromatic spices Benzool, phenylethanol, phenol, phenol, aphidine, americone, hysterene, hysterics, hysterics, phenylacetone, aromatic hyphenols, aromatic formaldehyde.
Molybdenum fragrances Mintol, orange sanol, fragrance, aromatic, lavender, larynchol, laurol, lather, lather, octopus, lilac, lemonite, lemonite, molybdenum, molybdenum, molybdenum, molybdenum, molybdenum.
Mint ketamine, molybdenum, etc. Synthetic musk, musk, musk, musk, musk, Tibetan musk, musk, 50 rings.
Methcodone, orange acetone, new bellaline, rose oxide, beta-propa ether, alpha-violet.
Rolancone, beta-violinone, methyl ester dihydromistone, fresh and spiced fragrance production, development of a strong technical synergy between the spice and vitamin operations.
The key intermediates for the production of the va, for example, are lemon formaldehyde, which is also an important ingredient for spice spices and food additives.
The basic layout, a slight adaptation of the raw materials into spiced fine products, gives full advantage to public technology and cost advantages, allowing the company to start off in the spice industry. The company has a large amount of spice products, such as ketone, folicol, lemon formaldehyde, aromaticol, etc., that are sold in front of the global market.
In 2018, the company “R&D and industrialization of key spices in the aromatic and lemon ellipse series” was awarded the first prize for scientific and technological progress, with a net gain of 429 million and 927 million (with price increases) in 2017 and 2018 for the new and pharmaceutical industry.
Fragrance: Using technological synergies, the subliminal fabric is growing, the new and made-up production bases are largely in charge of Shandong's new and pharmaceutical industry, with products such as aromatics, yolkol, pelvic ketone, methyl ester dihydromamine, lemon formaldehyde distributed to countries and regions such as Europe, the United States, and South-East Asia.
The aromatic and lemon formaldehyde sequences account for a high proportion of the solarized, edible spice formulations, and are the core ingredients of the world’s major spice producing companies. The company has extended its key technology to the production of pelvic ketone raw materials.
In the future, the company will have a large stock of new varieties, such as maltphenol, mint alcohol, vanilla, aphids, lemon entropy, and so on. Lemon formaldehyde: is used in oranges, cloves, yuppies, lemons, lavender, fragrants, cologne, and so on in lemons, sweets, and so on.
The aromatic aromatics: they are one of the most commonly used and most frequently used spices in the world, as well as synthetic heterogenesis, ve, vk.
b- Veroxone: commonly used synthetic spices for a variety of fragrances, which act as modifier, conflation, clinker, addition and accentation, for the preparation of various cosmetics such as violets, golden acupunctures, late foliage, vinyl, roses, cinnamons, cinnamons, cinnamons, cinnamons, flavours, and so on.
filamentary alcohol: widely used in flower-like daily fragrances, which can be used in fragrances such as apples, strawberries, cinnamons, ginger, etc., or in ester-like spices.
There is a steady increase in demand in the market for maltphenol, which is a broad-range fragrance efficiency agent known as 3-hydroxy-2-methyl-4-thiomethadone, a white crystal powder with special flavours of tart, with a strong fragrance of fragrance, strong fragrance, sweeteners, food and make-up spices, make-up fragrances, make-up fragrances, and so on.
Ethylphenol is a commonly used multifunctional food additive known as 3-hydroxy-2-ethyl-4-thyrecone, a white crystal powder with fragrance. Ethylphenol is often used as a perfume improvement because it can be modulated, improved and enhanced in food. Ethylphenol also has the odour to remove raw materials, and can be used to reduce the cold meat.
A.E.M.S. is a safe, non-toxic, widely used, highly effective food, daily additives, especially the core composition of spices, and good fragrance efficiency such as tobacco, food, beverages, meat products, seafood, spices, fruit and wine, and daily cosmetics.
In 2015, there were more than 200 domestic producers with annual production capacity, and the name of the product was Ethylphenol.
About 6 million tons, with nearly 1600 product varieties, many chemical names: 3-hydroxy-2-ethyl-4-thiranone Molecular formula: c,h,q,
High on the international market. Net weight: 500 g/bp (20 bpb/box) Total domestic food additive demand is expected to reach 2020
Sexual form: Ethyl malt is a white crystal powder with fragrance. Whether it is crystal or powder, the solution is soluble that it holds its sweet fragrance and the solution is stable.
We are the main producer of malt-based phenols and are also used for: the fragrance of caramel, which is extremely strong for the sweetness of foods. It applies to developed countries such as Europe, the Americas, and developing countries.
Meat products, cooking, canneds, spices, candy, biscuits, bread, chocolate, cocoa, cereals, beryllium, cold fruit products and all kinds of feed.
Maltol: A steady increase in market demand, increased short-term supply pressure, current and planned production capacity patterns in the maltphenol industry
In 2017, as a result of a safety accident in the Tianli Sea, the average sales price of methyl ethyl phenol was increased from $89,000 per ton in 2016 to $1.516,000 per ton. Work has resumed in the Tianli Sea, and the price of meth ethyl phenol has fallen to around $100,000 per ton, in addition to the Vanfian International, New and Entering Industry.
Breaking the monopoly of foreign technology, accelerated national production of pycino acid, one of the amino acids necessary for animal growth, biosynthetic protein “bone” amino acid, which is widely used in animal feed, medicine, and food.
The technological blockade and market monopoly of foreign oligarchs, such as winners, friends, and Shiger. Since then, Chongqing and the new and successive breakthroughs in technology, each of which has been put in place and successfully operated, 50,000 tonnes (2017) and 50,000 tons (2017), are important for the development of the protein-acid industry in the country.
New and emerging technologies for organic synthesis, taking advantage of the accumulated production processes, industry experience and management advantages in the field of nutrients in animals, after almost 10 years of technological research and development
Through technical validation and repeated experiments, companies have broken through existing technical barriers and mastered the cost-effective process of producing an ammonium acid.
In July 2014, a new test of 50,000 tons of ecstasy was completed; in March 2016, the medium-test device successfully drove.
To design requirements. July 2017, Protein Acid was produced. Protein Acid: The project was put into production, and the profit-contribution process barrier was so high that it was destined to be a game for a few players.
Process routes Biological enzyme splitting, microbial fermentation, chemosynthesis (mainstream) chemosynthesis
Methane sulfurol and acrylate added to a reaction to pyreamino acid, divided into ammonia, acrylic resin, solid-liquid phase transfer catalytic, cyanol, Hein (mainstream)
Hydrogen, hydrogen cyanide and acrylate are flammable.
Magnificent, explosive, methyl sulfurol produced during the production of pythonate.
Prosthetic Acid: The project is ready for production, with a profit-contribution period of 2018 vs 2021e Global Prosthetic Competition Pattern 2019-2021 New global production capacity
Prosthetic Acid: The project is in progress and the profit contribution can be expected.
In an effort to curb the development of China ' s pyroquine industry, Japanese friends, Singapore winners and Malaysian Xijigs have significantly depressed the price of pyreamide, and the domestic egg ammonium is consumed by 250,000 tons, imported 170,000 tons and exported 3.40 million tons. On 4 March 2019, the Department of Commerce received an application for anti-dumping investigation from Ningxia ' s PVC on behalf of the domestic methyl sulphate industry, and the applicants requested an application for an anti-dumping investigation from Singapore, Malaysia and Japan.
Anti-dumping investigations are under way. Prices of ecstasy fell from a high of 50,000 yuan/tonne/yearly average in 2014 to 17.5 million yuan/tonne/year, and business profits are historically low.
Estimated dumping margin (US$/ton) Pin amino acid Estimated dumping rate (US$/ton) Impacted by the dumping of imported pine amino acid, with a decrease in the opening rate of PV 2018 in comparison with 2016 Pin amino acid: the project is in progress and the profit contribution can be made over time
After a five-year downward cycle with a record low in the profits of ecstasy, the 2010 production of ecstasy in the country began to break through the foreign technology blockade and monopoly, the 2013 domestic production of ecstasy was shut down due to environmental problems, and the foreign giants regained their voice.
In 2014, the international giants had insufficient sources of imports of ecstasy, improved downstream demand and significantly increased prices.
The leading business is at a micro-profit stage, and some of the under-strengths are starting to lose, the industry is not profitable for a long time, and the big overseas players are crushing or stopping.
After long price pressures, from 50,000 tons to 150,000 tons and over 300,000 tons in the future, it's enough to prove its technological sophistication and strength, and the great overseas giants will gradually move forward.
Anti-dumping boosts prices.
Prosthetic Acid: The project is ready for production, with a profit-contribution period of 250,000 tons of pine amino acid project, project name: 250,000 tons of pine amino acid project per year
Products: 100,000 tonnes/year solid pyrecine (1 issue 2019.12) by-product: by-product carbon dioxide, ammonium sulfate and acrylic acid
Investment value: 5.3 billion, of which 900 million are environmentally friendly. Investment profit rate 18.4 per cent, total annual profit of 2.1 billion, investment recovery period of 9 years (including construction 1, 2012 company has deployed vitamins and spices, planning development of amino acid and new materials projects)
In 2013 the company initiated the project for the production of ecstasy (formerly autonomously developed techniques for the production of ecstasy based on synthetic technology, with the production of 50,000 tons of ecstasy devices successfully completed in 2017 (public works in support of the 2-megaton project) and the construction of 250,000 tons of ammonium amino acid (250,000 tons expanded to 250,000 tons in 2017), with an additional $5 billion raised in the same year.
Of these, 100,000 tons will be ready for production by the end of 2019, and another 150,000 tons will be planned for production in 2021, with companies mastering advanced technological processes, while the public utility amortization of one-ton post-partum products for new projects will be reduced and the project will be profitable.
The sixth-largest engineering plastics, with a wide market perspective, polysulfur ether short-prints, lined high-molecular compounds with interlocking benzene rings and sulfur atoms, with good tolerance, heat resistance, flame retardation, media resistance and good affinity with other inorganic fillings, known as the sixth-largest engineering plastic.
The development of high-performance pps-modification materials can be achieved through modified treatment, for uses such as functional engineering plastics for aviation, space, military, radar, automobiles, electronics, electrical appliances, chemical equipment, health care, etc.
pps classification: coating level, fibre level, plaque level, fibre enhancement, filling enhancement, carbon fibre enhancement, enhanced resilience, etc. u.s. Polyphenylenesulfide(pps) marketsize, by application, according to the US Market Research Institute gvr report
The size of the global polysulfur ether (pps) market in 2018 is estimated at $1.19 billion.pps have a wide range of applications in the automobile industry.
The range, cars like India, China and Japan, the demand for apps in manufacturing countries is increasing to meet the need for light quantification and stability of cars.
New material: Through the market certification phase, pps are expected to increase the acceleration period The ps synthesis process consists mainly of solution polymerism and self-condensation 1. Solvent polymerization: based on dichlorobenzene and sodium sulfide, in polar organic solvents (e.g. trichlorfon hexamethylphosphate, n-methylmethamphetone)
At 175 - 350°C, and at constant pressure, solution polymerization of polysulfur ethers, by-product sodium chloride. (The process is new and adopted.) 2 Self-condensing: halogenated sulfone metal salt, self-condensed polysulfide under nitrogen protection at 200 - 250°C, by-product of halogenated metal salt.
New and emerging foreign investment announcements 2016, joint ventures between new and special materials and landholdings (49 per cent new and holdings), production of apps-based raw materials, including: annual production of 22740t/a for dichlorobenzene, annual production of 6318t/a neighbouring dichlorobenzene and annual production of 20,000 tons of sodium sulfide: new material: through the market certification phase, pps are about to grow at an accelerated stage
Application of pps modified materials in the area of motor vehicles, new energy vehicles with a large light-quantified market space
Engineering plastic products Automobile (including car xytronTM(pps)g4080hr, for steam)
Car companies bring about a more rational selection of car heat system (tms) materials.
Japan's Toyo has successfully developed a new type of ppps resin with a maximum elastic modulus of 1,200mpa, which is highly elastic.
At the same time, it's kept super-heat-resistant and resistant, and it's corrosive, and it's starting to promote the resin as a material for car tubes.
On 30 May 2019, the Department of Commerce issued an announcement to begin imports of polysulphides originating in Japan, the United States, the Republic of Korea and Malaysia.
Anti-dumping case-opening investigations. Domestic demand for pps increased from 1970,000 tons in 2015 to 5.45 million tons, mainly from Japan, the United States, South Korea and Malaysia, and has been affected by low-price dumping by foreign manufacturers in recent years.
The average price of pps imports fell from $7853 per ton in 2015 to $6692 per ton in 2018, a decline of 14.79 per cent, with preliminary evidence showing that the dumping of pps originating in Japan, the United States, Korea and Malaysia was 69.19 per cent, 104.67 per cent, 46.86 per cent and 40.52 per cent, respectively.
New and Chengpps layout progresses 2007 with the establishment of the pps Synthetic Technology and Complex Technology Development Group and joint research and development with Zhejiang University. 2012 with the establishment of Zhejiang New and Cheng Special Materials Company Ltd. (Utshang Bay Economic Development Area) with a total planned investment of 15
In 2013, 5,000 tons of new (fibrous) pps were put into production. In 2015, a joint venture with dsm was established with Tesman New and Integrated Engineering Plastics (Zejiang) Ltd. (40% shareholding)
In 2017, 10,000 tonnes of pps (fibre class) were put into production, and the first half of the load was reached in 2019. In 2018, 6,000 tonnes of pps composites were put into production. Change in capacity of new and adult pps (tons)
The company has accumulated a wealth of synthetic technology and experience, while pps (polyether) and pa (high-temperature nylon) are highly demanding for synthesis, which are high-end resins in plastic resins, currently imported in China.
Mainly, new and existing advantages can be realized, and the areas in which the products are broken down converge into development concepts. Household certification and market recognition, as the company’s products are gradually taken over.
Accept that the demand for company apps products will grow rapidly, and that the company will soon launch a 15,000-ton project. New material: through the market certification phase, pps will be on the rise.
The company's next new material variety - pa high-temperature nylons are superior to high-temperature properties, can be used at high temperatures above 150°c for long periods of time, and has excellent chemical corrosivity, with special advantages in high-temperature applications, metal substitution, specifically automobiles.
There is an increasing demand for high-temperature nylon materials. The current high-temperature nylon companies are mainly Dupang, Soville, Tesman, Barsf, ems, Coke, Trinity, and the country’s blond technology.
The company built 1,000 tons of high-temperature nylons in 2014 and is currently testing the vehicle. Annual average compound growth in the high-temperature nylon engineering plastics market from 2010 to 2015 is about 6.6%
In the context of the layout of the Heilongjiang Biological Fermentation Project,1 alternative chemical synthesis of biological fermentation is a trend in the future, with companies actively embracing changes.2 Near the raw corn production, which is 15 per cent of the country ' s production, has a cost advantage.
3. The local government strongly supports and has abundant land resources. In 2018, the Heilongjiang New and Integrated Biotech Ltd. took 150.35 hectares of land, with a trade price of 476 million yuan and a unit price of around 200,000 acres.
The construction projects include support enzymes 010 and vitamin c.
4. South hill magnate, deep processing of high-end products such as crystallized glucose, chlorophyll, and home glucose acid, which are expected to be consumed annually.
2 million tons of corn, which will be sewed into the production centres of raw materials such as q10 for the country's auxiliary enzymes, shrimp linin, and vitamins Biological fermentation: based on local resource advantages, the strategic layout of the fermentation
Project name: New and Cheng Heilongjiang Biological Fermentation Estate Project
Scale of construction: 500,000 tons of processed maize per year (2.5 million tons per round and 2 250,000 tons per round) Projected investment: 3.6 billion
The demand for vitamin c has grown rigidly, and China is the world’s leading supplier of vc, also known as anti-bad blood acid, which is a widely used health-care product, medicine, food additives, and cosmetic nutrients. The multiple metabolites involved in the body are a catalyst for the reduction of active cell oxidation reactions, and vitamins essential for human health.
The global demand for vc is about 180,000 tons, growing steadily at about 3% per year, with weak cyclical attributes. Food and medical health care accounts for more than 90%, feed 7%, cosmetics 1%. Unlike other vitamin varieties, vc is dominated by human use.
Production processes, the competitiveness of Chinese vc enterprises, and the global transfer of essentially complete production capacity from developed countries in Europe and the United States.
Exporting countries: most of them export to developed countries in Europe and the United States, accounting for about 70%. Exporting provinces: Hebei, Shandong, Jiangsu, Liaoning.
Vitaminsc is highly competitive, and Vc production technical barriers are not high at the point of the scenery, using the two-step fermentation process, using glucose as a feedstock, catalytic hydrogenification for d-salesol, l-salesol through fermentation of bacterium black acetic acid, pseudoscobacteria and giant bacterium bacterium II fermentation for 2-ketonyl--
Sodium cologne, extracted and alkaliized, vc. North Pharmacy, Shandong Tianli, Henanhua Star, Ningxia Qing Yuan, Zhengzhou Ocean.
Trichlorcane sugar is a fifth-generation synthetic sweetener, and sugar cane is made for the chlorination of raw materials, about 600-650 times the size of sugar sugar, which is good for taste, long storage periods, stability, heat-freeness and high safety advantages, but is considered to represent the current development of a strong sweetener. It is used mainly in foods, beverages, medicines, especially in the area of beverage.
The demand for healthy sugar, sweets, and so on, has begun to shrink, as consumption has increased and concerns about the safety of food additives have increased. Better and safe alternatives to tricane sugar have gradually become the dominant option in the sugar industry and high-end markets.
The main producers of global trichlorfon sugar are the UK Telecane capacity of 3,500 tons, the trichlorfon sugar competition pattern of 3,000 tons of gold cane, 2,700 tons of Conpo biochemicals, 2,700 tons of Shandong mid-day energy,
The salt town Jekang 1,500 tons, Jiangsu Cow pond 2,000 tons, and Shinjian technology 1,500 tons, among others, have faced the withdrawal of some of the environmentally-adverse manufacturers in recent years. The current price is about 250,000 yuan per ton, which has been at an all-time low for three years.
The company Shandong subsidiary has a limited annual production of 11,000 tons of nutrients and 9,000 tons of fine chemicals, including 6,000 tons of trichlorcane sugar and 5,000 tons of vitamin b6, the Goldgrass Industries, etc.
The use of the chlorinated sulfon process route is less efficient and less environmentally friendly than the photogas approach, but it does not involve the safety of highly toxic gases, projects, easy approval, new and adopted photogas process, which is relatively greener and less environmentally friendly.
The higher rate and the more theoretical cost are the two methods of preparation: thorium chloride, photogas.
New and developed vsdsm, leading to the international fine chemical giants Yuan/kg, $330/kg, company va (oil) sales of 0.80, 10,000 and 10,000 tons, respectively, with improved patterns of beneficiary industries, ve at an average cost of $52/kg, $60/kg, 70/kg, respectively; and the main product of the Black Dragon River Bioeating Project vc, respectively.
The Māori rate was 18 per cent for 10,000 tons, 15,000 tons, 30,000 tons, and the company relied on the cost advantage of local raw materials for maize, while the protein amino acid, wheat sprouts contributed by 50,000 tons, 100,000 tons and 150,000 tons, respectively, and the Māori rate increased to 25 per cent as a result of the decline in the depreciation of single-ton utility works.
3) New Material Operations: The existing capacity is fully available at the end of the first half of the 19th century and it is expected to continue to grow by 15,000 tons of capacity, respectively, in Zhejiang medicine selected for the vitamin and pharmaceutical operations, Andesu for the ecstasy business and Goldstone for the trichlorcane sugar business and the malt phenol business.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. To the extent that the company and the author know it, there is no legal or regulatory requirement to disclose or take restrictive or silent measures against securities evaluated or recommended in this report.