New Sum (002001) Pharmacy Biology v. Ve Industry Upwards, with a lot of potential future growth, South-West Securities Research and Development Center
Vitamins accounts for 60-70% of company profits, and annual demand is largely adversely affected by pigpest and is expected to benefit from future supplemental demand. At the supply end, va entry barriers are extremely high, competition patterns are stable over time, global output is 37,000 tons, and demand is about 30,000 tons.
We expect the vitamin business to remain on the upswing, with companies producing 10,000 tons and capacity 40,000.
100,000 tons of ecstasy will be produced, contributing to significant performance gains. Global ecstasy production is 1.83 million tons, with a planned increase of 750,000 tons, demand 1.35 million tons, and downstream demand is stable at 5% per year.
In the first half of the year, UV applications for anti-dumping investigations are expected to boost domestic prices. The company developed a 10-year process to combat the production of ecstasy, successfully operated 50,000 tons of production capacity in 2017, at competitive costs, and expected to add 100,000 fragrances to the vast market in 2019, with a steady increase in profit contributions.
The demand for fragrances has grown steadily and the global market has grown at a rate of 5%. Thanks to technological synergies, the company's fragrance business has grown rapidly, growing from 50 million in 10 years to 1.1 billion in 1808, taking the lead in aromatics, lemon formaldehyde, yolkol, violet ketone, etc., and in the second half of 2019, the company's 3,000 tons of cerebral phenol test vehicle will remain in the future.
New varieties are being laid to ensure a steady growth in the fragrance business. *Ps produce rapidly, with new performance growth points. The size of the global market for polysulfur ethers (pps) was estimated at $1.19 billion in 2018. The combined annual growth rate of pps is expected to reach 8.8 per cent in 2019-2025.
The Division completed its pre-market certification, with an additional 10,000 tons of productive capacity operating at full capacity, becoming a new performance growth point.1 Vitamins are growing, spices are growing, new materials are blooming, new and forwards are a new Chang organicization plant, founded by 6 students led by Mr. Hooperpin.
From the beginning of waste alcohol to the development of the first barrel of gold from the aerobic fork, the company has since opened the path of innovation, through research and development into the area of fragmentation with high technical barriers, and through its own research and development and close cooperation with universities, over the past 20 years, the key processes of va, ve, lemon formaldehyde, aromatic alcohol, pps, pine amino acids, etc., have broken down into the country's original voids.
In this area, the strong R & D and innovation capabilities of companies are evident. Figure 1: Corporate development journeys.
Powerful, with companies earning less than 100 million dollars a year; 2) Vitamin boom, 2008-2011, with companies breaking through key intermediate air cycles, while the fragrance business grew rapidly, from around 1 billion to a maximum of 3 billion. The company’s profit center is vulnerable to fluctuations in vitamin prices, while the company is also developing new business, and the fragrance business has already taken over.
30% of new materials and protein amino acids are also beginning to make a profit. Company projects are well stocked, future growth paths are clear, and according to ongoing construction work and the CEP report, the company will expand its existing vitamin product lines, continue to grow new business in the layout: 1) vitamins extension, strategic layout biofermentary direction, master
If vc, vb2, vb12 and vb6 take full advantage of existing client synergies, project ve will be relocated to the Shandong base, taking advantage of local resource advantages and the park complex; 2) the spice flavours will continue to increase and expand the product series, including maltphenol, mintol, etc.: 3) a combined operational sweetener, planning 6,000 tonnes of trichlorocane sugar (in two instalments of 2000+4,000 tons);
4) New materials continue to improve production capacity, 15,000 tons of apps are fully loaded, and 15,000 tons of capacity is planned to be built; 5) eggs 2 vitamins are up and the new business is growing faster. The company operations can be divided into vitamins, spices, new materials, protein acid, biofermentation, medicine, etc., and currently vitamins.
The business share is the highest, as the high volatility in vitamin prices brings company cycle attributes, which will become more visible in the future as new projects release their performance.
2.1.1va: Instability of the basf device, industry will maintain high-profile barriers to entry in the industry, and oligopolistic patterns of competition: Bassov, Tesman, Shinseng, Zhejiang medicine, Andy Su and Kindaway, v production process in Bassov and Rothofa, both related to the synthesis of beta-violetlantone and closing it down.
The technique is extremely difficult in the middle of the key, only Basque, Japanese coke and new mastery, and Basfe is responsible for the lemons needed for global va production. The Basque device is 70-80 years old, has equipment ageing, and accidents occurred in 2014-2017, of which 2017 are 2017.
RMB/kg, va downed in 2018 as the Basque device recovered, but the price remained at $400/kg, depending on the market supply. In June 2019, the Basfva cooling system malfunctioned, in September-October, given the serious ageing of the Basf device, the equipment malfunctioned, and in 2017, the Lemon ellipse plant failed to recover.
Periods, combined with the technical difficulties of the va and the long process of increasing the load of work, we expect va prices to remain strong. New and existing va capacity of 10,000 tons, key material, 8,000 tons of lemon formaldehyde, fully self-sufficient, guaranteed va of 2.1.2ve: optimized industry integration patterns, and the ve profit center will be upgraded.
ve Production has two key intermediates: the main ring trimethylhydrazine and side-chain hemogenol, the process for the synthesis of trimethylhydrazine, the process route for the synthesis of trimethylhydrazine, the process route for the synthesis of hemogenol, the three process routes for the synthesis of trimethylhydrazepine and Faniylene, which in recent years has been technologically and technologically able to achieve the synthesis of trimethylhydrazine and fonylene, and to occupy a place in the v industry with significant cost advantages.
In response to the shock of the new entrants, the price focus of the ve has been shifting downwards from $200/kg in 2010 to the lowest in 2018.
Future sales of new companies can take full advantage of dsm’s marketing strategy and channel advantage through the dsm global distribution network. Integration between dsm and ent is expected to take place in the third quarter of 2019, and will be adapted to the dsm’s standard of production.
After a short-term supply constraint, and with the support of a dsm marketing strategy in the future, ve officially ended the price war, and profits will gradually recover to a reasonable level. The new and made-up powder production capacity of 40,000 tons, the price of ve rose by 10 yuan per kilogram, and the company’s performance increased by 330 million.
2.2 Fragrance: Building on a technological synergy, the subconscious layout is gradually growing, and fragrance is a mixture of various elements of fragrance made by artificial extraction, fermentation, fermentation and thermal reaction. The spice is the raw material for making fragrance, which is energy.
Fragrances that depend on smell or taste. Fragrances include daily fragrances (fragrance, washing, liquid washing, emulsion, cream, powder, oil wax, toothpaste, etc.), food fragrances (food, medicine, alcohol, tobacco), industrial fragrances (plastics, etc.), which involve a variety, low yield, high adjunctity, low use, wide use, etc. in life and production.
There are more than 7,000 spices in the world and more than 6,000 synthetic spices. Most of the most commonly used varieties that require over 5,000 tons of aromatic, fragrance, vanilla, porcelain, coconut formaldehyde, maltol, etc. According to Legingwell & Associates, the sale of spices around the world warmed back in November 2016, 2017.
Market size reached $26.3 billion, an increase of 7.37 per cent over the same period, with a five-year compound growth rate of 2.81 per cent in 2012-2017. According to the ceralli consulting firm, the global market for spices grew at an average annual rate of 4.1 per cent in 2013-2018, and the Chinese market for spices grew from $4.5 billion to $6.8 billion, with an average annual increase of 8.7 per cent, with Chinese supply increasing from $1.1 billion.
Up to $1.8 billion, with an average annual growth rate of 10%. On the one hand, as consumption rises, the demand for daily goods and food quality increases, promoting the development of the fragrance industry, and on the other hand, the global fragrances are increasing their investment capacity in Asian markets, particularly in China and India. Some of our synthetic spice products are already in the international market.
Importantly, the export of vinyl and ethylolin has already accounted for more than 50 per cent of the global supply, the export of phenol and ethyl malt has also taken over most of the international market, and the export of spices such as synthesico-cerebral, jasmine, rhesus ketone, phenylethanol, fragrance, etc. is also significant.
Global fragrances form a competition based on the international giant Chihuaton, the American international fragrance, the kimono, and the beauty of Finland, as well as a monopoly profit by controlling key spice varieties and technologies. Domestic firms are late in starting up, pre-competition markets, lack of core technology, few varieties, imitations, large but small businesses and low value added production.
The company has a strong technical synergy between the development of spices and vitamins, with the production of 3,000 tons of lemon formaldehyde in the year, guaranteeing the self-sufficiency of the raw materials, and completing the basic layout of the spiced lemon formaldehyde product series.
A slight adaptation of the raw materials into spices has fully realized the technological and cost advantages of the company, allowing the company to react differently in the spice industry. The company’s existing large spice products, such as raspberry ketamine, yolkol, lemon formaldehyde, aromatic salamiol, have been pre-saled globally, and in 2018, the company’s project “Research and development and industrialization of key spices in the aromatic and lemon ellipse series” was awarded the first prize for scientific and technological progress, 2017.
In 2018, the net profits of the new and emerging pharmaceutical companies amounted to 429 million and 927 million (with price increases), and in the second half of the year, 3,000 tons of cerebral phenol test vehicles.
Pyramid acid (methyl sulphate) is one of the amino acids necessary for animal growth, a “bone” amino acid for biosynthetic proteins, which is widely used in animal feed, medicine and food. Until 2010, the world has suffered long-term victories, technological blockades and market monopolies for foreign front companies, such as friends and Shiger.
To achieve a technological breakthrough, each of the 50,000 tons (2014) and 50,000 tons (2017) devices were constructed and successfully operated, and the global demand for 1.35 million tons of poultry, pigs, eggs, etc. in 2018 was maintained at an annual rate of 5%. The supply was monopolized by the international giants, with a total of 87% cr4, mainly due to the scale of investment in the amino acid and the technical difficulties that led to entry into the wall.
The base is high, and the current pattern of competition is: 32%, Andy Sue 27%, Nowess 14%, and friends 14%. Domestic firms are new.
The Ministry of Commerce received on 4 March 2019 an application for an anti-dumping investigation on behalf of the domestic industry of methyl sulfuric acid from Ningxia Purple. The anti-dumping margin is currently estimated at 33-42 per cent and the price of ecstasy is chronically low and at historical low levels, and is expected to rise in the future.
The company developed the process of production of ecstasy autonomously based on a synthetic technology base, and in 2017 the 50,000 tons of ecstasy plant was put into operation successfully (a public works package for the 2 000 tons project) and an additional 250,000 tons of ecstasy (an extension of 50,000 tons to 250,000 tons) was earmarked to be built in the same year, of which 100,000 tons will be in production by the end of 2019, and another 150,000 tons are planned to be in production by 2021.
The Division has advanced technological processes, while the public utility amortization of a single ton of post-partum products for new projects will be reduced, and the Protein Acid project will be profitable. 2.4 New material: through the market certification phase, pps will be expected to increase the acceleration period.
Hotness, flame retardability, media resistance and good affinity with other inorganic fillings, known as the sixth largest engineering plastics, can be used to develop high-performance pps-modification materials through modified treatment. They can be used for functional engineering plastics in aviation, space, military, radar, automobiles, electronics, electrical appliances, chemical equipment, health care, etc.
US$ billion. The combined annual growth rate of the pps is expected to reach 8.8 per cent in 2019-2025, with a wide range of applications in the automobile industry, and increasing demand from car-producing countries such as India, China and Japan to meet light vehicle quantification and stability requirements.
In 2012, the company began the deployment of a new material industry, offering 30,000 tons of fibre-grade pps and 20,000 tons of composite pps new materials, completed the construction of 10,000 tons of fibre-grade pps per year, completed the company ' s previous market certification, 10,000 tons of production capacity was released very quickly, was fully operational in the first half of 2019, and the remaining 15,000 tons of fibre-grade pps project is expected to start soon.
Establishment of a joint venture with dsm to develop modified pps and to work with soil shares to secure the supply of essential raw materials for dichlorobenzene. 2.5 Bioeeding: based on local resource advantages, the strategic deployment of bioevenging, leading the chemical synthesis process of the company, but moving in the future towards bioeeding, driven by strategic layout and abundance of vitamins
From a perspective, the company announced in March 2018 that it had invested $3.6 billion in the construction of a biological fermentation project in the Heilong River, using local maize resources, land resources, the construction of fermentation products vitamins c (phase I), vitamin b2 (phase II), vitamin b12 (phase II). vc, also known as anti-bad blood acids, is a participatory nutrition product for a wide range of health products, medicines, food additives and cosmetics.
Multiple internal metabolites are catalysts for active cell oxidation responses, and vitamins are essential for human health. The global demand for vc is about 180,000 tons, growing steadily at about 3% per year, with weak cyclical properties. Food and medical health care accounts for more than 90%, feed 7%, cosmetics 1%. Unlike other vitamin varieties, vc is dominated by humans.
The technical barriers to production in vc are low, using the two-step fermentation process, which is based on glucose, catalytic hydrogenification for d-salesol, l-sales for fermentation from Bacillus black acetic acid, and 2-ketone-gulong sodium for fermentation from Bacillus pseudos and Bacillus bacterium bacterium sprouts with sodium extracted and alkaliated vc. Currently around 200,000 tons of domestic capacity, yielding 150,000 tons.
Sman, Stone Drugs for Life, Shandong Ruwei, Northeast Pharmaceuticals, Shandong Tianli, Henanhua Star, Ningxia Kaiwon, Zhengzhou Ocean. Competition will continue to be intense over the next 2-3 years, vc, due to the lack of high industry barriers and the expansion and continuous entry of existing manufacturers.
Figure 23: Vitamin c price review ($/kg) 2.6 sweeteners: trichlorcane as an entry point, marching into the new field of sweeteners, as a taste quality, long storage period, stability, heat-freeness and high safety advantages, considered to represent the current strength
Traditional sweets, sweets, sugars, sugars, and sugars, which enter the market early and at low prices, are still the dominant products in the market. Because of the increased concern about the safety of food additives, there is a need for healthy sugars, sweets, and so on.
Currently, the global demand for trichlorcane is about 12,000 tons, with growth at about 15% per year. The global demand for trichlorcane sugar is about 16,000 tons, with demand of about 10,000 tons, with major producers in the United Kingdom, Tele, Goldcane, Hong Kong.
The company’s new and refined technology has produced 11,000 tons of nutrients and 9,000 tons of fine chemicals per year.
Domestic enterprises such as 6,000 tonnes of trichlorcane sugar and 5,000 tonnes of vitamin b6, gold-shelf industries are using chlorinated substrates, which are less efficient and less environmentally friendly than photogas, but do not deal with the safety of highly toxic gases, easy project approval, new or adopted photogas processes, which are relatively greener, more efficient and more theoretically cost-effective.
1) Nutritional operations: 2019-2021, due to the slow recovery of the Basff installations, the average price of va was 360/kg, 330/kg, company va (oil) sales were 0.80, 10,000, 10,000, and the pattern of the beneficiary industries was changed. The average price of ve was 52/kg, 60/kg, 70/kg, respectively; and the main product of the Heilong River bioeating project vc production was Vc.
The company relies on the cost advantage of local raw materials for maize at 18 per cent; the increase in the contribution of euphemism and maltol at 50,000 tons, 100,000 tons and 150,000 tons, respectively, increased to 25 per cent as a result of the decline in the depreciation of single-ton utility works.
3) New material operations: The existing capacity is fully available at the end of the first half of the 19th century, and it is expected to continue to increase by 15,000 tons of capacity, respectively, with the selection of Zhejiang medicine with vitamins and pharmaceuticals, Andesu with ecstasy and the production of trichlorcane sugar, malt phenol, or less than expected; the risk of a significant drop in the price of vitamins.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.