Integrated coal transmission operations are robust, with low-value high-scoring dividends highlighting investment value 17 April 2019 In-depth study/coal industry
• The company is rich in coal resources, with the country's second-largest coal company, 250th year, ranked fifth in the middle, and the Chinese company first. China has a standard coal holdings of 30.3 billion tons, a mineable reserve of 1.95 billion tons, and a standard coal reserve of 82.6 billion tons in jorc. The authorized capacity is approximately 339 million tons and an equity interest.
For nearly 12 months, the highest/minimum amount is 285 million tons, with a stronger voice in the five mining areas, and the cost of producing coal is significantly lower than that of its peers.2 The second largest coal company in the country, the company listed as a fire power company, is second only to the capacity of HFA. The installed and operated generator capacity is controlled.
61849 MW, or 285.3 billion kWh of electricity generated in 2018.3 The largest transport company in the coal plate, the railway transport network of the coal base “Sinxi, Xiaobei, Monnan” and the large east-west coal transport corridor of the “Shaw-Shaw Yellow Line” have 10 railway lines (one of which is under construction) operating approximately 2,155 km, after China Iron General, and three ports.
A coal-based hydrocarbon project, owned by a head-coal industry, produces about 600,000 tons per year.The unit is integrated with coal electric transport in comparison with the 300-percent trend, and is profitable and resistant to cycle fluctuations.
Coal revenues accounted for nearly 60%, and before the merger in 2018, the coal/transport/power generation business earned revenues from internal coal transport, respectively, with a high level of profitability associated with coal sales, and hence coal and transport operations on a pro-cyclical basis. The Coal Union camp model reduced the pressure on coal sales, reduced the impact of price fluctuations on corporate profits and reduced cycle fluctuations.
Reorganization continues, and there is still room for growth. Harvour mines are still being relocated, with an average production of about 1.7 million tons per month in 2018h, which is expected to recover to 2.8 million tons by mid-year.
With the expansion of capacity in the Yellow and Scholl railways, it is expected that, by 2020 or so, the cargo turnover will be further increased by three acquisitions per year, the remainder of which will be initiated by 30 June, with an authorized capacity of about 100 million tons of coal assets. At the end of January 2019, the company and the national electric power company formed a joint venture with their respective fire and electrical assets.
Ping, in the lower position of the cs coal plate; pb (if) 1.2, which is also the lower level of the cycle and below the plate I, coal industry leader, energy integration resistance cycle
1. China’s central advantage of the integrated coal-fired power-building company was registered in Beijing on 8 November 2004, listed at the Hong Kong joint stock exchange in June 2005 (stock code 1088.hk) and placed in Hong Kong in October 2007. In August 2017, the Chinese conglomerate absorbed the combined national power grid.
Changed to the National Energy Investment Group, with 73.06% of the people in charge. On December 31, 2018, China’s Senghua had a total market value of $50.6 billion, ranked fifth in the “Global Energy Company” of the Pulse Energy Information, 250th in 2018, and first in Chinese enterprises. Companies produce coal – coal transport (railway, shipping, ports) – coal use (electricity, electricity).
For coal, the company, China and even the world’s largest coal company, listed in terms of sales, sold 460.9 million tons of coal in 2018 and 296.6 million tons of commercial coal production. As of the end of 2018, the company’s coal reserves were in Chinese standards.
The company has an authorized coal production capacity of about 339 million tons, an equity capacity of 2.85 million tons, and five major mining areas, such as the Tungdong Mines, the Bi-Gal Mines, the Victory Mines, the Pozhikhler Mines and the Packards.
With regard to electricity, by the end of 2018, the company controlled and operated a generator assembly capacity of 61,849 megawatts, generating 28,532 billion kilowatt-hours and selling 2,675.9 billion kilowatt-hours, the second largest company in the country, the company with the power of fire.
The coal pool model reduces the pressure on companies to sell coal and reduces the impact of changes in coal prices on companies’ profitability. On transport, the company is the largest transport company in the coal plate, making coal a long suit from the place of production to the customer.
By the end of 2018, the company controlled and operated the circular radiation around the main coal bases of “Sinxi, Xinbei and Monnan” after China's total iron, with 283.9 billion tons of rail transport turnover in 2018, the highest level ever. In addition, the company also controlled and operated a number of integrated ports and docks, such as the Yellow Ribbon Port (with a total capacity of about 270 million tons/year), and owned approximately 100 million tons/year.
2.18 million ton-carrying ships. Two ports, Huang Yu and Tianjin, have a capacity of 356.51 million tons of coalification. As of the end of 2018, the company had a coal-based hydrocarbon project with the company Coal Industries, producing about 600,000 tons per year, with major products including polyethylene, polypropene and other small by-products.
River power, b3 dynasty power, b4 dynasty power, b5 dynasty power, b6 dynasty power, b7 gluga, b8 dynasty power, b9 Beijing gas, b10 m2 electricity, b13 m3 energy, b14 kyo electricity, b15 mountain power, Heju heat power, Mungjin electricity, takao power, Chenjiang power, Xu State power, Shunhua energy, Senghua energy, Hseng Hwa Feng energy, Ningdong power, Baw railway, c7 glycerine railway, c8 cavity railway, c9 Yellow Railway (under construction), c10 tawan railway, d1 yellow port, d2 kyotsin terminal, d3 bead marina, f1 bag of coal-chemicals, f1
e1 Sino-Chinese Shipping Coal accounts for nearly 60 per cent of the revenue from coal operations and, due to the fall in the price of coal in the previous period, this round of corporate revenues was transferred from the “three-for-one” sector in 2013 to a non-recurring gain/loss effect of $46 billion, an increase of 2.1 per cent over the previous period.
A slight decrease of 30.7 per cent over 2017 is mainly due to an increase in the cost of home-grown coal units. The power plate is the main target for internal coal sales, the level of profitability and the reverse correlation of coal prices, with revenue rising by 13.8 per cent in 2017 compared to the previous year. However, as a result of the increase in coal prices, the operating cost of the power sector grew by 28.5 per cent, the Māori rate fell by 9.2 percentage points compared to the previous year, and the volume and price of electricity sold and sold increased in 2018 in parallel with the single price.
Bit cost fell, Māori rebounded to 19961 million yuan, an increase of 33.17 per cent over the same period, Māori recovered to 22.6 per cent of the transport division 90 per cent of the business was in-house coal transport, which was directly linked to coal sales, so that in 2018 the transport plate achieved a revenue of 49.3 billion yuan, an increase of 5.9 per cent over the same period, Māori 27.590 billion, an increase of 1.55 per cent over the same period, and Māori 56 per cent, an increase that was largely maintained.
The total capital expenditure in 2018 was $23.21 billion, mainly for coal-fired power plants, large yellow railways, and the acquisition of mining equipment for coal mines. Capital expenditure on the company ' s railways was expected to rise to $9.55 billion in 2019, with the implementation of the Yellow and the Shinko Railways Energization Project; total capital expenditure remained stable at $27.13 billion.
Industry leads, is resilient, is influenced by the industry cycle, corporate coal sales prices have declined since 2013, reaching the low valley in 2015, coal mergers have been restructured, small- and medium-scale coal mines have been shut down, and industry leaders have significantly higher levels of profitability than small- and medium-sized coal.
Carbon companies, where company-powered coal prices quickly rebounded to historical highs of $429/t in 2018. Thanks to the company’s resource advantages, effective cost-control management, the company’s output of tons of coal is lower than that of other comparable companies, and does not fluctuate significantly as market conditions change.
During the up-front period, the company ' s ton of net coal profits rose faster than other companies and was at the forefront of the industry. By moving to an integrated business model, the company could effectively counter the impact of volatile coal prices on the company ' s level of profitability, allowing it to resist the coal industry, the coal industry, and the company ' s profits were stable.
On 30 November 2018, the DRC issued a circular on the conclusion of performance-related work under medium- and long-term contracts for coal in 2019 (resigning operation 1550) (hereinafter referred to as the Circular), aimed at stabilizing coal supply and demand in 2019.
The Circular encourages more medium- and long-term contracts of full value for two years or more; the number of medium- and long-term contracts between central and provincial municipalities and other coal- and power-generating enterprise groups of more than one size should be more than 75 per cent of their own resources or purchases, and not less than the level of the previous year; once the contract is concluded, the performance rate of the long-term contract must be strictly enforced and the contract must be carried out throughout the year.
The Circular states that coal power should continue to consult to determine medium- and long-term co-prices in the light of the “base price plus floating price” pricing mechanism. The floating price of the submarine coal contract and the railway direct coal contract can be determined in conjunction with the ring sea coal price index, the cctd island coal price index, and the Chinese coastal electricity and coal purchase price index.
In December 2018, the CDRC meeting on the situation analysis of the supply and demand of iron and steel coal electricity in 2019 showed that the overall requirement was to maintain a certain level of supply, and next year coal production would have to increase by 110 million tons, while also protecting coal prices from being too fast.
Slip ahead of schedule, with 30 per cent of each coal mineral capacity as a peak capacity, and 276 working days for peak capacity when coal prices fall into green zones.2 Corporate coal resources are in the lead, with self-produced coal units at much lower cost than their counterparts
By the end of 2018, the company had 30.3 billion tons of coal reserves (an increase of 27.8 per cent over the same period, mainly in the new street, where the North Temple North Survey area of the mine area completed the evaluation of mineral resources), coal holdings had 14.95 billion tons, coal reserves were abundant, and China had the second largest coal reserves (about 13.958 billion tons of coal reserves); and coal companies had coal reserves under the jorc standards.
The coal subsector optimizes production organizations and overcomes the effects of reduced production, while commodity coal production remained relatively stable, rising in 2018 to 297 million tons, representing an increase of 0.4 per cent, and sales of 460 million tons, representing an increase of 3.9 per cent, mainly from foreign purchases.
34.8% of the profits from the out-coal purchase, however, are relatively low, at about 77 ton in 2018, well below the level of $316 ton/ton of home-grown coal.Harumi mines are still being relocated, with a monthly average production of about 1.7 million tons in the first half of the year, and it is expected that production will resume by mid-year until an average of 2.8 million tons per month. The new street mines have been granted prospecting rights, and are still in the process of applying for mining rights.
According to the 2014 Inter-Community Avoiding Competition Agreement and the March 2018 Supplementary Agreement to the Avoiding Inter-Community Competition Agreement, it became clear that the former Générale had committed itself to stripping and injecting 14 assets of the company, with the exception of items 12 to 14, which were acquired in 2015, and that the remaining assets would be acquired by 30 June 2019. The authorized capacity for the acquisition of coal assets was approximately 100 million tons, according to the data.
The company ' s annual report discloses its business objectives, which are expected to produce 290 million tons of coal in 2019 and sell 427 million tons of coal.The company uses a long-term agreement formula for its own coal: annual price = 535 yuan per ton x 50 per cent + (the cctd 5,500 + electric coal purchase index)/3 × 50 per cent; monthly long-term price = end of last month
(cctd5500+api8 index +cci 5,500+ceci index)/4. Since 2012, average company coal sales prices have been highly correlated with the ring sea-powered coal index bspi; after 2017, the bspi and cctd index have been very volatile, and the company’s nuclear core is largely stable.
In 2018, the share of annual/monthly sales disclosed by companies was 47.8 per cent and 34.5 per cent, respectively. The overall share of sales by the Association reached the Annual Charter of the Association, using a price mechanism such as “base price (5500 kcal power coals) + floating price” (including current exchange rates for tax offshore silos). The Association accounted for more than 7 per cent of total sales of coal, and the former large clients were largely included in the Annual Association system.
On the other hand, the company ' s own coal production costs have remained largely stable, and the company ' s overall level of profitability is expected to be stable. Since 2012, the company ' s own coal unit mining costs have remained in the range of $110-130 per ton, well below those of other enterprises in the industry.
The cost of home-grown coal units is increased by about $5 by such factors as the increase in the cost of mining stripping, 373,000 metres of excavated size (an 11.3% increase over the same period) and equipment replacement. The cost of out-sourcing coal is mainly the result of company-owned coal purchases, domestic coal trading and coal imports and trans-shipments, which are priced at market prices and are subject to market fluctuations.
Figure 17: Cost of self-produced coal units is significantly lower than the cost of extra-coal units
1. The rate of increase in the number of electric power installed in the country has declined, the share of electricity traded on the market has increased, the proportion of electricity installed in the country has declined, and the number of non-fossil energy installed has increased rapidly. By the end of 2018, the capacity of the nation ' s installed power generation was 1.9 billion kilowatts, an increase of 6.5 per cent at the beginning of the period.
Electricity, 1,010 million kilowatts (KW) and gas, 83.3 million kW) accounted for 60.2% of the total installed capacity, down by 2 percentage points from the end of 2017. The capacity of the additional power generation equipment in 2018 was 12,439,000 kW, of which 8,544,000 kW, 4,119 kW, nuclear, 884,000 kW, 21 million kW with wind and 4.473 million kW with solar power is expected to be generated by the entire society in 2019.
With a modest increase in electricity, alternative sources of energy such as natural gas, nuclear power, photovoltaics, wind power, etc., continue to grow at a rapid pace, and the rate of growth of the power grid will continue to be low, with limited scope for incremental growth. A new round of electricity reforms will be launched in 2015, around the control of the size of fire power supply and the marketization of electricity, the National Development and Reconstruction Commission, the National Development Council, the National Development Council, the National Development Council, the National Development Council, the National Development Council, the National Development Commission, the National Development Commission, the National Development Commission, the National Development Commission, the National Development Commission, the National Development Council, the National Development Council, and the World Bank, the National Development Council, the National Council of Europe, the National Council of Europe, the National Council of Europe, the National Council of Europe, the National Council of Europe, the National Council of Europe, the National Council of Europe, the National Council of Europe, the National Council of Europe, the National Council of Europe, the National Council of Europe, the National Council of Europe, the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations and the Organization of Europe, the Organization of Europe, the United Nations, the Organization of Europe, the United Nations, the Organization of the United Nations, the United Nations, the Organization of the Organization of the Organization of America, the United Nations, the Organization of the Organization of the United Nations, the United Nations, the Organization of the United Nations, the Organization of the Organization of the Organization of the United Nations, the United Nations, the Organization of the Organization of the Organization of the United Nations, the Organization of the United Nations, the Organization of the Organization of the Organization of the United Nations, the Organization of the United Nations, the Organization of the United Nations, the Organization of the Organization of the Organization of the United Nations, the United Nations, the Organization of the Organization of the Organization of the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the Organization of the United Nations, the Organization of the Organization of the Organization of the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the Organization of the Organization of the Organization of the Organization of the Organization of the Organization of the Organization of the United Nations, the Organization of the Organization of the Organization of the Organization of the Organization of the Organization of the Organization of the
In 2019, the share of electricity traded on the market was expected to continue to increase. In 2019, the electricity market was expected to move slowly across the country, with a further increase in the share of electricity traded on the market and below the price of electricity.
Pressures still exist, but the discounts are limited even if marketized transactions are made.2 The price of the company ' s power plate is stable and there is room for growth in the volume of electricity generated, mainly due to two factors, one for installed capacity and the other for the hours spent on power generation equipment.
The capacity has been growing steadily since 2015, with the total installed capacity of the company ' s fire power plant at the end of 2018 amounted to 61,849 MW, an increase of 6.9 per cent compared with the end of the previous year, of which the total installed capacity of coal-fired generators was 59,994 MW, representing 5.9 per cent of the total installed capacity of coal-fired generators of the whole community.
In addition, Java 7 in Indonesia, Nansu 1 in Indonesia, the China-China-China North Sea Power Company and the China-China-City-City-City-City China-City-City-City Limited Company will be operational in 2020, with a total capacity of 6.8 million kW in capacity, with an increase in the number of hours used after normal operations in 2019.
In addition, the new Sichuan Tianming Power Plant 2 x 1 million kilowatts was reworked in February. In 2018, electricity replaced the acceleration, electricity demand rose across the country, electricity supply side changes were combined with capacity restructuring, domestic coal combustion units were largely stopped, and company coal-fired unit equipment recovered to 4877 hours per hour, a corresponding increase of 194 hours.
At that time, it was 516 hours higher than the national average of 4361 hours per hour of fire power equipment of 6,000 kilowatts or more. The annual electricity production and annual electricity sales amounted to 1,431 billion kilowatt-hours. At an average price of 318 yuan/megawatts in 2018, coal was sold at a price of 313 yuan/megawatts for two consecutive years since 2017.
In 2018, the cost of electricity sold per unit was $253.8/megawatt hours, a decline of 2.2 per cent in the same year, mainly due to an increase in the same amount of electricity generated and a flat fixed cost. The power plate, consisting of raw materials, fuel and power, labour costs, depreciation and amortization, consisted mainly of raw materials, fuel and power costs, which in 2018 accounted for 77.9 per cent of the total consumption of coal by the power generation division, which consumed about 100 million coal.
Tons, or 82.5 per cent of the total of 123 million tons of coal consumed, are priced at annual prices by the branch, which are guaranteed on a basic basis. In addition, on 31 January 2019, a joint venture between the company and the national electricity company, with their respective shares and assets, was completed, and the group's power-generating assets were transformed into long-term equity investments.
The other nine are operational, with railway miles of 2,369 kilometres.
The cost of rail transport, which accounts for 4.7 per cent of the revenue of the railway branch, is mainly the cost of electricity, labour and depreciating financial costs, which in 2017 amounted to 0.05 yuan/tonne per unit transport cost, a 5.7 per cent decrease from the same year, owing to the increase in the volume of transport, which is expected to result in a reduction in the cost of rail transport per unit transport.
On balance, the company's railways are rich in assets, with 90% spent on home-grown coal transport services. With the build-up of the Yellow Railway and the Shinsaku Road, freight turnover is expected to increase further around 2020.
2. High port throughput associated with coal sales, which is expected to stabilize profit in 2019. By the end of 2018, the company had three ports, namely, Huang Yu, Tianjin, Pearl Sea Coal and Ports, which enabled it to maintain a high share of the coastal powered coal market, with domestic sales of low-water coal and domestic trade in coal in ports throughout the country.
In 2016, the company accounted for 35.59% of the coastal market. Specifically, in November 2017, the fourth stage (55 million tonnes/year) was completed and the capacity increased to 193.2 million tonnes/year, and 100 million tonnes/year in the fifth phase; the second phase of the Tianjin port, with a current capacity of 45 million tonnes/year.
The company’s ports are mainly used for the transfer of home-grown coal, and the port throughput is highly correlated with the company’s sales of coal. The increase in coal sales in 2017 benefited from a 13.2% increase in the quantity of coal in the company’s ports, to 227.8 million tons in 2018.
Port transport costs, mainly raw materials, fuel and power, labour costs, depreciation and amortization, have remained largely stable since 2012. Transport costs per unit in the company ' s port sector in 2018 were $10.7 per ton, an increase of 13.8 per cent in the same year, mainly due to weather conditions.
In December 2018, the company had only one coal-based hydrocarbon project with a 100 per cent interest in the following two years: Māori and Māori; V. Coal-based industrial slates; V. Coal-based industrial slates; V. Coal-based plants; V. Coal-based plants; V. Coal-based plants; and V. Coal-based plants.
The main products include polyethylene (approximately 300,000 tonnes/year), polypropylene (about 300,000 tonnes/year) and other minor by-products.
In addition, in July 2017, the first stage of the project was approved by the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region ' s Development Commission, which proposed the construction of new coal-based hydrocarbon devices with an annual production of 750,000 tonnes of polyethylene, 400,000 tonnes of polypropylene, with a total investment of 17.15 billion yuan in 2018 and an investment of 111 million yuan in the preceding period.
The fuel and raw materials used in the production of the head-coals project are all supplied from within China, using the annual General Association of Governors’ uniform pricing policy.
In summary, the company has a small portfolio of coal-chemicals, which has little impact on the company’s overall level of profitability. The company focuses on the production of acetylene products, which has been stable for many years, low cost, and flat profit.
As of 8 April, the company Pe(tm) 9.308, for which the cycle is at a lower level and is at a lower position of the medium-letter coal plate; pb(if) 1.246, for which the cycle is also at a lower level than the average plate 2.1. Figure 32: p-band
Figure 33: pb-band Figure 34: cs Coal Main Coal Unit-pe Figure 35: cs Coal Main Coal Unit-pb
The company ' s financial statement forecasts are summarized and graduated from China ' s University of Mines (Beijing) with a specialization in chemical engineering and crafts and postgraduate studies in mineral processing (coalification).
Possesses a number of patents (inventory patent 1), successive technical directors, directors, project managers, and participation in overseas “one-way” projects, with a wealth of experience in the steel industry and in domestic and foreign project management. Joined in May 2017 in research on the direction of steel, construction and coal. Jo Monjou, Master of Accounting, Central University of Finance and Economics, one year in energy property auditing by Deloitte and Touche, joined in November 2017 in the steel industry.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.