iii. Coal power coal iii — “Coal pipeline navigation” — vertical integration: company deep-farming coal operations, active expansion of the lower chain of coal-based industries such as electricity, railways, ports, shipping, coal-chemicals, and vertical integration of the “coal circuit port navigation”
Models, where industrial plates work together, make up the core competitiveness of companies. “Coal Power” is the company’s main business block, making a cumulative contribution of about 97% of revenue and Māori, and benefiting from good cost-control capabilities, with profits growing in the last three years.
The CHRACP targeted high-quality users, the coal power consortium + combined navigational guarantee performance was robust: (1) in terms of price volatility, the Annual JAC < Monthly Presidential Association < spot price, which in 2018 represented 82.32 per cent of the KFA contract, and the KFA quality mechanism effectively reduced the risk of significant fluctuations in performance. (2) About 80-90 per cent of the power generation division consumes coal from within the company.
Benefits. With the opening of the semi-pool railway in 2015, coal products can be transported to tons of coal from the port of Qin Island to the port of Huang Yu, resulting in savings of $32.5 million in transport costs. In addition, a 25 million-ton increase in freight (23.7 million tons of coal) will be provided in the near future after the construction of the Yellow Railway.
Forty-two million tons (40.5 million tons of coal) will bridge the gap between supply and demand for coal in Shandong province by 8-14%. Overall, benefiting from an integrated business model, deep cooperation and effective synergies between business plates can be achieved, operational effectiveness can be improved, and the risk of large fluctuations in performance can be reduced in the lower-coal cycle.
Inner growth + expansion, growth can be sustained: (1) the company has five major mining areas, and coal resources are abundant. The new platform, the Ge Temple site, has been approved, five wellfields are planning to produce 62 million tons of coal per year, and the total productive capacity of the company after delivery will lead to Yang Lilong.
Assets will continue to be injected inland over five years, involving nearly 100 million tons of coal equity, and will further consolidate the company’s conglomerates. China’s Sages: the impairment of assets will consume four quarters of the profits, and will contribute to the increase in electricity generation of 6157, 67.16 and 30.45 billion kilowatt-hours, respectively.
The proposed joint venture (Beijing State Power), the acquisition of equity in the country’s electricity and electricity, and the recognition of operational effectiveness through investment earnings, is expected to trigger a 4.5 to 5% decline in net profits in 2019-2022, with limited impact. And the company will be in North China: two quarters of coal plate revenue, profit ring ratio
The supply and demand of coal in Kyoto is stable over the long term and is expected to increase the potential supply of coal by 50-60 million tons. (4) Currently, the company ' s coal-chemical units produce 300,000 tons of polyethylene and 300,000 tons of polypropylene each per year.
It has a significant advantage in the supply of raw materials and in the production process, while at the same time creating effective synergies with the relevant sectors of the group, further promoting the development of companies and, indeed, national coal-chemical units and alleviating the country’s high external dependence on oil.
Cash flows are strong and maintain high dividends: by 2018, the company had achieved 11 cash dividends, totalling 191,537 million yuan, with an average of 44.63 per cent. The company had a strong cash flow, with an operating cash flow of 88,248 million yuan in 2018, and is expected to remain high in the future owing to its sound operation.
With the end of supply-side reforms, the need for higher profits upstream in the context of the downside, and demand fatigue starting to appear, we judge the industry to be the best. But, when we lose capacity, the distribution patterns of supply are fundamentally controlled; we are under stress.
In this context, the advantages of China’s sturdy and high-scoring performance are further highlighted. The investment proposal is that, in historical cycles, companies’ business models guarantee that companies can continue to operate at the industry’s pace.
The company is the best defense breed and maintains its increased -a rating.
China Senghua Energy Co. Ltd. was established in 2004 and is listed in June 2005 and October 2007 at the joint kiosks and kiosks. The company's deep-drawn coal industry has actively expanded its industry below the chain of coal-based industries such as electricity, railways, ports, shipping, coal-chemicals, and has formed a coal-fired coal transport (railway, port, shipping) and coal conversion (power generation and coal-chemicals) industry.
By volume of sales, China is the world’s largest coal-marketing company, with a company selling 460.9 million tons of coal in 2018, an increase of 3.85% compared to the previous year, and an increase of 8.67% in electricity sales of 267.59 billion kilowatt-hours.
In addition, the company controls the operation of integrated ports and docks, such as the Yuxi, Tianjin and the Pearl Sea Coal Terminals, with a total capacity of approximately 270 million tons/year of coal-chemicals.
The main products are polyethylene (about 300,000 tonnes/year), polypropylene (about 300,000 tonnes/year) and small by-products, of which methanol-based hydrocarbons (mto) are the first large-scale methanol system installations in the country. The National Finance Committee is the real controller of the company.