In the second half of the year, interest differentials and asset-quality performance were high. Agricultural banks have a well-structured county area network with a solid retail customer base that allows them to hold up and to pay their debts at a higher cost than their counterparts.
In the second half of the year, there was a wide difference in interest rates, asset quality was excellent, income increased in the fourth quarter and fees increased more rapidly.
Broadening interest spreads in the fourth quarter, net interest income rising by 0.49 percentage points to a slower rate than in the first three quarters, but still at a faster rate than in the past four quarters. The size of corporate tax payments in the fourth quarter increased by 68% compared to the same period, affecting net gains – the fall in interest spreads in the second half of the year, and the upward pressure on savings costs eased.
The agricultural sector ' s annual interest gap fell from 16bp to 2.17 per cent in 2018, but the trend is that the corporate interest gap in the second half of the year has widened (2.16 per cent in the first half of the year), mainly due to the downside of the cost of the end of the debt, of which savings, we expect to benefit from the second half of the year ' s regulatory restrictions on structural deposits, interest-bearing products, agriculture, etc.
At the end of the asset, the asset-end rate of return was stable, with a year-round return of 3.83 per cent (vs 3.83 per cent, 2019h).
Agricultural banks perform excellently in terms of asset quality, with the end-of-season negative ratio of 2 bp to 1.40 per cent below the end of the three quarters; and county gold, with the default rate falling by 24 bp to 1.58 per cent from the end of the six months. According to our calculations, the company has an annual negative rate of 0.67 per cent for the four quarters and a small 6 bp increase for the three quarters, but the absolute level is still at its best.
The downside of the economy has led to a deterioration in the quality of assets.
I'm so excited, I'm so bright, I'm so smart, I've got a four-quarter pick-up, and I've got a more rapid increase in fees and fees.
The annual growth rate of agricultural banks increased by 0.96 percentage points to 4.79 per cent compared with the previous three quarters. Of these, they benefited from a four-quarter spread of interest, with net income rising by 0.49 percentage points to 1.91 per cent compared to the previous three quarters. Charge revenue increased by 11.24 per cent compared to the previous three quarters (12.02 per cent, yoy) but remained at faster levels than the previous three quarters. Specifically, income from e-banking increased by 28.4 per cent compared to the previous three quarters;
Bank card fee revenue increased by 18.0 per cent over the same period, mainly because of increased credit card instalments. Revenues other than fees increased by 25 per cent at a lower rate than in the same period last year. Companies increased their tax contribution by 68 per cent on a year-on-year basis, affecting net profit gains from taxes.
The annual interest differential for the agricultural sector declined from 16bp to 2.17% in 2018, but the trend is that the corporate interest gap in the second half of the year has been steep (the difference in the first half of the year was 2.16%). According to our early caliber, the average interest difference in the fourth quarter was 2bp higher than in the third quarter. With the structure of the second half of the year holding steady, we expect to benefit from the second half of the year's regulatory restrictions on structural deposits, interest-bearing products, and agricultural holdings.
At the end of the asset, the firm’s end-of-asset rate of return was stable, with an annual end-of-asset rate of 3.83% (vs.83%, 2019h). We believe that the company’s end-of-asset rate of return is the main source of stability.
As a result of the restructuring of the assets, the downside of the rate of return for all types of assets was effectively hedged. In terms of the average daily interest-bearing asset structure, the loan ratio increased by 0.8 percentage points to 57.3 per cent at the end of the six-month period.
Agricultural banks performed very well in terms of asset quality, with a negative end-of-season rate ranging from 2 bp to 1.40 per cent below the three quarters; and a low rate of non-performing financial lending in the county area, falling from 24 bp to 1.58 per cent at the end of the six months. According to our calculations, the company has a negative annual rate of 0.67 per cent for the fourth quarter and a small increase of 6 bp over the three quarters, but the absolute level is still low in the industry. We believe that corporate asset quality performance is high compared to low-risk credit assets.
Retail credit accounts for 77 per cent of mortgage loans at the end of 2019; in terms of public credit, 52.4 per cent of capital-related credit, such as delivery, leasing and business services, electricity and heat, water, etc., improves forward-looking indicators of the quality of corporate assets.
The firm’s assets are of sound quality, poorly identified, and well prepared. Given the regulatory control of the cost of financing micro-enterprises, and the pressure on the cost of depositing by residents of the central and western regions as a result of the growing awareness of fiscal management, we have reduced the price of deposits to 2020/2011 ps and so forth.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.