The negative rate continues to improve, with interest rates on deposits dropping first - the Agricultural Bank ' s 2019 performance rating showed a 4.59 per cent increase in the return net profit in 2019 (a 5.28 per cent increase in the previous three quarters).
Quarterly growth rate of 3.83%. Annually weighted roe 12.43% (14.35% in the previous three quarters), a decrease of 123bp over the same period. Public bad rate continues to improve, and district area profits are released \triangleright \triangleright
The asset quality performance is excellent. q4 one-season negative production rate ring is equal. The company accelerated the release of low-performing individual housing loans in the second half of the year, while disposing of medium- and long-term risk assets for the public, so the year-end deficit rate was only 1.40%, and the stock deficit was ranked first in the four main lines.
Compared with the trend of depth 300, the Unit experienced a six-month downswing of the county-wide credit deficit, with only 1.58 per cent returning to the safe zone by the end of 2019. The reduction in credit risk also accelerated the release of profits in the district-wide area, with a significant increase of 41.49 per cent in total pre-tax profits throughout the year.
The net interest differentials did not fall backwards, and the interest rates of the deposits were the first to fall, and the negative net interest differentials rose in the market. The year-wide net interest differentials increased by 1 bp to 2.17 per cent over the first half of the year. Although the loan interest rates fell by 2 bp, the company slashed its partner assets in the second half of the year and increased the loan share, thus bringing the rate of return on the asset on interest to the same level as the first half of the year.
At the end of the debt, deposits slowed down, and companies issued a large number of joint certificates, reducing the cost of the debt by 1 bp. The decline in interest rates on loans was mainly influenced by discounts on instruments and downside rates on offshore loans, while interest rates on public and private loans generally dropped by only 1 bp. Risk preferences dropped slightly in the second half of the year, with low-risk transport storage and postal services for public loans,
Credit rates fall by 1 bp, which is the result of a reduction in the volume of public term deposits at high cost. Companies lower investment-type assets at q4 pressure, leading to a return in the tax rate of effective gains, with 20.13 per cent more than in the previous three quarters of the year, which is the main factor influencing a slight decline in profit growth.
Research on the direction of the banking and non-banking industry. Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and data used to ensure reporting are derived from compliance channels
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,