Events: In recent days, Science and Technology has released its semi-annual report for 2018, with companies achieving business income of $3.210 billion in the first half of the year, an increase of 52.68 per cent compared to the high rate of growth in multi-sector operations; and Science and Technology (002230.sz) as part of the parent company.
The net profit of shareholders was $131 million, an increase of 21.74 per cent over the same period; the net profit of shareholders of non-post parent companies was reduced by 20.19 million yuan, a decrease of 74.39 per cent over the same period. There was a rapid growth in a number of areas of business, with high cost rates delaying profit growth. Rapid growth in corporate revenue was achieved in the first half of the year, mainly as a result of the continued expansion of corporate business and positive developments in business paths.
The breakdown represents a rapid breakthrough for companies in the fields of smart cities, politics, and consumer business. The share of these business areas in total revenue has risen from 19.99% in the same period last year to 41.53% in the first half of this year, making it an important driver of growth in corporate performance. In other areas, such as education, telecommunications value-added products, automobiles, smart services, it has also grown steadily in the first half of this year.
Sales and management rates increased by 3.15 and 1.99 percentage points, respectively, and net sales interest rates decreased by 0.6 percentage points in the first half of the year. The continued expansion of the size of the company and the high rate of growth in R&D costs were the main factors contributing to the increase in the cost rate, with the company ' s workforce growing by almost 3,500 persons in the first half of the year compared to the same period last year, with a total R&D cost of $587 million, or 63.84 per cent.
In the first half of the year, the growth in company personnel will be significantly lower than in the first half of the year, which is expected to slow down the associated cost increase. Yuan Haiwoo Research Assistant has a strong technological lead, and the platform+track has a lot to offer. From a technical point of view, companies in the first half of the year have access to core technical areas such as sensory intelligence and cognitive intelligence.
In the area of speech synthesis, for example, in the field of speech synthesis, the research assistant to the King Mohammad, in the speech synthesis competition.
In the area of speech recognition, 98% generic voice recognition is the first to be achieved within the industry; in the area of image recognition, in the context of the icprmtwi competition, text testing, text line recognition, and integer text recognition are the champions of the three missions. On the basis of the fact that many areas of artificial intelligence remain highly competitive, the company has also made steady progress in terms of technical capability output and product application.
By the end of June, the number of developers of the open platform stood at 800,000 (an increase of 114 per cent over the same year) and served an average of 4.6 billion times a day (an increase of 53 per cent over the same year).
Ten thousand, with users covering 145 countries. The smart voice trial system for the political and legal fields has been applied nationwide, and the new product, the Smart Support System for Criminal Cases, has been piloted in Shanghai in March, with significant results. Smart education products for education have reached more than 15,000 schools across the country.
There are more than 15 million users in depth.
In almost 100 schools, it has been regularly used, with a renewal rate of 70%. In the first half of the year, there was a 94% increase in the number of successful contracts in education operations.
\triangleright, Master of Business Administration, eight years of experience in software development, pc product management, etc., in the computer industry. In 2007, he joined the Sindash securities industry.
Yuan Haiwoo, Beijing University, Bachelor of Physics and Master of Condensed Physics. Joined Sunda Securities in 2016 for research in the computer industry. Wang Jooyu, Master of Finance, Beijing University of Foreign Languages.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities, and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. It is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. It is intended only for these particular customers. It is not intended for the public to produce publicly available information that is considered reliable by a Sinda security, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the original presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because of the use of different assumptions and criteria.
No special notice may be issued in respect of the credit instruments, which issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.