The company received a feedback note on the review of the CSRC administrative licence project.
The Division's fund-raising efforts have been directed to five major projects: the New Generation core technology research and development project, the Smart Voice Artificial Open Platform project, the Smart Services Robotic Platform and the Applied Products project, the sales and service system upgrading project, and the replenishment of corporate liquidity.
The announcement announced that the company's release in 2018 was continuing, and that it would benefit from continued investment in the field of i-technology, voice-service platforms and smart-service robots, and would continue to appreciate the company's technological strength in i-area, the company's “platform plus track” development strategy.
While the technology of companies in the area of semantic assessment and cognitive intelligence is at the top of the international hierarchy, the country's Cognitive Intelligence Focus Laboratory has landed in the company, which has been officially launched from the 2014 project, with a series of continuous and increased investment in cognitive intelligence.
Year q1 has achieved international leadership in the field of retinal medical image understanding, building on the results of lung ct images and breast cancer diagnostics and taking the lead in practical applications. Voice is one of the most important interactions in the mobile Internet age.
In 2018, q1 companies maintained a high rate of growth in operating income, with the public sector generating 1.398 billion yuan, an increase of 63.25%, in education, justice, and intelligence.
There has been a significant growth in track operations, such as cities and consumers. To corporate technology’s leading edge, although a large amount of company input has affected performance in the short term, we maintain a corporate “uptake” rating.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.