The platform track continues to expand and costs are increasing, the Quest flight (002230) is increasing by 52.68 per cent; the net profit on return is $131 million, an increase of 21.74 per cent over the same period; and the net gain is realized.
□ no gains, sustained growth in inputs is the main reason why companies' operating revenues continued to grow at a high rate in the first half of the year, and businesses such as smart cities, consumers, laws and the like have more than doubled.
In the context of the continuing rise in sales, the Māori ratio rose by 49.9 per cent in the first half of the year by 1.1 percentage points in the same year. But profits and revenues, Māori did not grow in the same year, and net profits declined significantly, mainly as a result of the company’s continued increase in R&D and market layout, and the number of employees of the company increased in the same year.
Thirty-five thousand people, representing an increase of 77.1% and 65.6% in sales and management costs, respectively; of which R & D percentage points. Although corporate profits grew less than expected in the first half of the year, we were optimistic about the company’s performance throughout the year. On the one hand, the company’s operating income was characterized by significant seasonality, revenue settlement and recognition.
Mainly concentrated in the second half of the year, the share of income and net profits in the second half of 2017 was 61 per cent and 75 per cent of the year; on the other hand, the key talent and new jobs needed for the company were almost ready, the next half of the year would be significantly lower than the first half of the year, and the cost of the company would increase at a sharper pace and would be profitable.
□ Open platforms are fully empowered and have continued to grow at a high rate, open platforms have opened up nearly 100 ai capabilities and scenarios, and the number of developers has risen from 518,000 at the end of the year to 800,000, a 114 per cent increase compared to the previous year, with market ownership at the highest level; daily averages are in place.
In May this year, the company launched aaiui 3.0 with a continuous wealth of skills and content; the country’s first online learning platform, i.e. 230,000 participants. The company continues to have a large advantage in the area of artificial intelligence, flying on the news.
The core of the artificial intelligence biosphere has been formed. At the same time, the company’s ability to commercialize and cash in open platforms has continued to grow, generating $312 million in big data advertising in the first half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the company realized operating income of $658 million, an increase of only 16.35 per cent, compared with the previous year.
The volume of corporate income from education operations has declined significantly, mainly as a result of the Ministry of Education ' s new Education Information 2.0 Action Plan, published in April, and version 1.0 in 2008, which places emphasis on infrastructure, while the new plan places greater emphasis on the real needs of schools and on the application of companies.
The readjustment and grinding of products under the new plan, but the same 94 per cent increase in the corporate education portfolio in the first half of the year, and the 104 per cent increase in the winning contract, indicate that the rapid growth in the education business has not stalled. The corporate smart education product has reached more than 15,000 schools and depths across the country.
There are more than 15 million users; the frequency of use of the Ideal Network has been gradually increasing, with 36% of school-grade penetration increasing compared to the same year, with a 70% renewal rate. The company’s education business has formed a complete closed circle of togs (intellectual examination products, regional educational cloud platforms), tob (intellectual course products) and toc (intellectual network), technology.
High barriers to technology and access have created a significant intergenerational advantage between a company's educational products and its similar products.
In the first half of the year, the company’s political and legal operations generated $349 million, representing a significant increase of 214.55 per cent in comparison with the previous year. In terms of cognitive intelligence, the smart voice trial system is being used on a country-wide scale, and there are currently over 3,000 courts. In terms of cognitive intelligence, this year’s third year.
The first intelligence support system for criminal cases developed by the lunar flight was piloted in Shanghai, and its application was remarkable. In June, it signed an agreement with Jiang, Zhe, Yu, and the High Court on “Associate Intelligence Plus Courts” for deep strategic cooperation in the three provinces of the Long Triangle to promote artificial intelligence in the court system.
The future intelligent auxiliary case management system will be extended from the criminal category to civil, commercial, and administrative.
In the field of medical images, the callback rate increased to 94% in the Luna International Medical Images Competition last year, and the global record was significantly updated. This year, the callback broke through the retinal image reading. In the system, last year the caller flew "intelligent."
Through the National Certificate of Physician Qualification, the assistant family doctor's product has been piloted in more than 120 communities and has been used in the year of chronic disease management in 68 xpe. We believe that artificial intelligence is emerging and that the company is building up on a platform, a track card.
The key phase, in contrast to profit, is that the market should focus more on the current harvest and the high growth of Maori, and we look forward to its concentration, accumulation and transformation in the area of the al-Ai. The “buy-in” assessment is maintained on the basis of a rise or decline in the securities (or industry index) relative to the depth of 300 indexes over a period of 12 months from the date of this report, defined as follows:
The market benchmark index is 300 indexes. I am qualified to practice portfolio investment advice by the Chinese Securities Association, have a hard-working professional attitude, have a professional prudential research methodology, and use legal matches.
The information and comments contained in the report are for information purposes only. This report has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.