Waiting for a recovery in consumption, focusing on new lanes and overseas developments, waiting for a recovery in consumption, and for macroeconomic warming to accelerate performance repair. Companies, as a catalyst, now account for more than 40% of consumer goods, while other downstream advertisers are doing the same thing as macroeconomic warming.
On top of that, advertising cases are spending a high proportion of the same amount as the total of zero. Thus, we believe that the primary catalyst for corporate performance today is a recovery in consumption. Moreover, the size of the company's locational resources is high, and it is now well established to capture high-quality points and crowds in high-line cities, which have stabilized in recent years, optimized structure, and media rents.
The cost is more leveraged and profit-elastic than the cost of operating more rigidly. The consumer goods base is solid, and the emergence of new brands or industries + the overseas layout opens up room for growth.
The consumer goods base plate is resilient. 1h22 macroeconomic growth slows and increases the epidemic. The consumer branding has a certain continuity, increasing the company ' s ability to defend itself against risk perturbations.) According to ctr, elevator lcd advertising December 21-22 September 21
About 50 per cent of top10 was new brands, about 20-30 per cent of elevator posters were new brands, branding, and the emergence of new industries, such as the gradual penetration of new energy vehicles and the corresponding penetration rate of 28.9 per cent for new energy vehicles in the month of September, which increased competition or increased competition in traditional cars.
The need to invest, increase brand influence; and the trillion-grade space available in the prefabricated food industry are expected to bring about an increase in investment. 3) Overseas: Korea and Singapore are profitable for the second year in a row, with large numbers of people living in the main offshore assets, and are expected to replicate the country ' s success stories to bring about a new growth curve.
The company is a pioneer, and it has already built barriers to start-up competition; it has sufficient liquidity, sustained blood-building capacity, and is more defensive in the face of competition and low industry. At the same time, the company’s management has long accompanied the company’s growth.
Businesses and management have had considerable experience in optimizing staff efficiency, management capacity and marketing since 2019 The ability of the sales team has become core competitiveness, and companies are expected to respond quickly to opportunities when consumption recovers.
Luyi5@gjzq.com.cn Ma Xiaoting Macroeconomic warming is not as risky as expected; downstream emerging lanes are not as risky as expected; overseas progress is not.
(c) Stock price trends are more consistent with performance when compared with changes in stock prices and collection performance since the company ' s shares were marketed.
Rehabilitating the epidemic since 22 years, the recovery has gone through a similar phase: “The intense competition for the consolidation of the status of the epidemic since 2q20, the consolidation of the consumption base, and the weakening of the impact of the epidemic in places like Shanghai, where performance is again under pressure.”
1.1 The consumer sector has a high contribution, and the recovery of the base plate is expected to lead to an expansion of total income. Consumers for daily use are basic, and the company ' s total revenue is consistent with the same change in the total amount of the company ' s zero, highlighting consumer content.
Because of: 1) the importance of branding on a daily basis with consumer goods, companies actively develop their clients, increase their investment, and improve their performance resilience; 2) the relatively high-contribution Internet is subject to diminishing flow dividends, which slows down investment. As the escalator industry matures, competition patterns stabilize, and the industry accelerates towards macroeconomic convergence.
As a driver, strong consumer attributes, social zero is an important indicator of changes in corporate income. 1.2 dots have continued to be optimized and gradually mature, with high profit elasticity in operating, and 19 years of rapid growth in company dots, driven by increased competition, mainly as a result of new trends;
Since then, the number of self-employed elevator television and poster outlets has declined from 14.9 per cent to 7.1 per cent to 13.7 per cent in July of the year, as of July of the year, and the current layout is more efficient in terms of capturing high-quality people, safeguarding investment efficiency, matching brand marketing, location layout, public.
Figure 5: Urban distribution of corporate-owned elevator poster media Figure 4: Urban distribution of corporate-owned elevator television media
Figure 7: Corporate operating costs structure Chart 6: Company-owned elevator television, poster media and their equal speed increase  Media rental costs are higher and more rigid, and companies are highly leveraged and profitable. Media rental costs are:
The company’s main operating costs, which account for about 70% of total operating costs, are highly consistent with the change in the volume of point resources. With media rental costs becoming more rigid, the number of points has stabilized since 19 years, Māori and the net return have moved in the same direction as the harvest, but at a significantly higher level.
Figure 9: Corporate collections, net profits from Māori and parentage, compared to the rate of increase, 1.3 waits for consumption recovery, macroeconomic warming, and attention to changes in total social spending of zero.  The cost of advertising publications is closely related to total social spending, and the recovery in consumption in the wake of the epidemic is expected to boost the growth of advertising.
Over a long period of time, advertising costs are consistent with changes in total social spending, especially in 18 years, at a time when the escalator has grown more mature. The figures for total social spending show a drop in April of 22 years, but it is still affected by the epidemic, as well as a recovery in consumer certainty, a return to economic certainty, a global economy, and a return to economic certainty.
Geopolitics, epidemics, and many other uncertainties, with attention to consumer rehabilitation and macroeconomic performance, opening up growth space outside, with 2.1 branding with a certain continuity, particularly competitive consumerism, bringing resilience to performance.
The main reasons for the continued placement are: steady positioning and continuous improvement in brand power and awareness, breaking bottlenecks, and expanding the consumer landscape. According to ctr, in seven time periods of January-September 2022, elevators, lcd and elevator poster ads, pop10, multiple brand companies.
The number of brands placed on the top list is 3 and 4 on each of the seven occasions. Chart 12: Distribution of the number of times the top 10 brands were advertised in January-September 22 years.
At the end of c, competition is intense, clear positioning and strong branding are important factors in increasing performance, and new products, or traditional products, are usually introduced with advertising. For example, representative food beverage companies, the sales rate for consumer brands, such as the past three years, is 20%.
Up to this point, some companies have marketing costs that are 60% higher than sales costs. Ctr data show that, since December 21, the class of consumption in the top 10 brand has been around 80% in the ladder advertising.
Consumer income continues to grow at a high base, with both the first outbreak and the recurrent performance of the epidemic. The strong cyclicality associated with a solid consumer base is reflected in a robust growth in income contributions, a 1h22 macro-economic slowdown and a repeat of the epidemic, with daily consumer spending falling by 0.8 per cent, and other industries.
There's a sharp decline and a large increase under the low base. 2.2 Emerging brands or industries rise, leading to an increase in investment, new brands continue to emerge, and demand for greater awareness drives the build-up of ladders.
The point is to use the broad and strong reach of the crowd to market brands, and the brands that want to raise their awareness are potential customers of the ladders. There is no shortage of emerging consumer brands that use ladders, tremors, etc. to rapidly raise heat, capture and further consolidate cases of users’ mentalities, such as fine blues,
ulike. According to ctr, about 50% of elevator lcd commercials put up and down to Top10 are new and expensive brands (including previously less influential and emerging brands) and about 20-30% of elevator poster advertisements top10 are new brands.
According to the Chinese Automotive Association, the new energy engine is expected to boost advertising.
In September 22, the new energy use penetration rate reached 28.95 per cent, compared to +9.45 pct, and the market was already on the ground. According to the company, 21 years of new energy vehicle financing and the amount of money have increased, and there has been an increase in the number of races, and in the amount of fuel.
Traditional car companies with strong capital and combined capabilities have also been deployed. As of September 22, the number of new energy vehicles reported had reached 2,500, and market competition is expected to increase, with increased sales, branding, and advertising expected.
The Bureau matches the new energy car consumers, and the escalators are expected to attract cars. 2) The epidemic catalyses the development of prefabricated vegetables, with the rise of the track, advertising or increasing. Prefabricated vegetables can be directed at the end of b/c, and the development of cold-chain logistics + the need for chain-drinking meals to reduce efficiency gainsb
At the end of development, convenience + food safety and security + the acceleration of the epidemic, the end of demand is gradually releasing. From 21 years of investment, China has 24 brands and 9 in the first half of the 22nd year of prefabricated vegetable financing.
The size of the market for prefabricated vegetables is about 3.46 billion, and is expected to reach trillion in 26 years, with over $70 billion in incremental space, assuming 8 per cent for advertising, combined with consumer brand sales rates and the share of advertising, at which time non-Internet advertising will account for 30 per cent, leaving 16.8 billion in space.
The size of the market in China's prefabricated vegetable sector and its equal rate of growth have steadily advanced overseas, with South Korea and Singapore making a profit for the second year in a row, and are expected to contribute to the growth of foreign operations, which are concentrated mainly in countries/areas with high population density, and have a background for development ladders.
The Department’s main offshore assets are concentrated in Hong Kong, China, South Korea, and South-East Asia (a total of seven cases), of which the 1h22 report shows that four companies have made a profit. Given the high population density in these areas, and the gradual size of the location layout, the unit locational resources reach a large number of people who are suitable for the development of the ladder.
The company is a pioneer in the promotion of domestic ladders, with more than 2 million domestic point resources for 20 years, a constant focus on intermediaries, and a rich business management experience that is expected to empower offshore affiliates and boost their profit-making contributions.
The proposed split of fmkorea on the Korean market is expected to leverage capital markets for business development.
The company, as a pioneer, has the advantage of entering the market more than five years earlier than a competitor. Since its inception, the company has been based on brand marketing and has taken the lead in matching high-line cities and guest groups.
In terms of volume and coverage of cities, the company has the widest layout, allowing for a more effective targeted and accurate placement of advertising, thus building strong barriers to competition; compared to the new tide, the company's revenue is about six times as high in 20 years.
Figure 32: Changes in the number of company and news outlets
During this period, the 100-percent index rose significantly, with Bosden's turnover rising by more than 100 per cent over the same period, and “two 12” by 279 per cent.
▪ Adequate liquidity + large resource points with a strong defensive capacity in the face of competition and low industry climate. 1) Higher value and sufficient liquidity; while firm growth in corporate revenue and profits should be recovered for nearly two years.
2) The cost of a 21-year media lease for a company is about $3.34 billion, assuming that a three-year lease contract is in place, and that a rival won't be able to take a spot for a short while, on the other hand, if the plan is high and quick, a third of the media resources will cost more than 1 billion, raise the cost of pro-competitiveness, and, on the other hand, increase the cost of taking advantage of one-third of the media resources.
In the current macroeconomic context, profitable firms can survive, and efficiency gains can be reduced. Profitability will be the development focus of the vast majority of companies, and it is not the right time to increase competition. 3.2 Management is experienced, people optimize efficiency, and rapid response is expected when consumption returns.
▪ Management has long accompanied the company in its growth, operation and management. In 2003, the president of the company created the public department, set up a career ladder, has a long history of marketing experience, and most of the management has been in the company for more than 15 years, led by a management headed by the chairman of Jiang Namchun.
The entry of competitors, such as the new tide, and the weakening of the Internet dividend, has been sustained by a number of factors that have contributed to the stabilization of their leadership positions, the consolidation of the consumption base plate, the acceleration of the recovery of accounts receivable and the upgrading of blood-building capabilities. Management is in the ladder.
Empirical capacity in the media and the management capacity of companies is one of the core competitive aspects of the company, with a significant annual increase in the number of personnel, mainly in production, integrated management and administration. Since 2019, there has been a marked improvement in the number of company personnel, mainly in terms of the downsizing of the workforce and the number of sales workers who directly generate income.
Growth. Optimized per capita income generation and per capita profits recovered markedly, reflecting an increase in the human effectiveness ratio and, to some extent, strong corporate sales teams. Figure 39: Per capita income generation and per capita profits (million yuan/year)
According to the company’s annual report, the salaries of the company’s employees are closely linked to the growth of the business performance of the plate, the pay and performance are closely linked and the employees are motivated.
In contrast to the blue cursor, overall, the average per capita remuneration of corporate sales staff has increased faster, and it is expected that the higher-performing sales staff will increase faster, and the company has a stronger incentive for sales personnel.
Pay/average number of salespersons for the year Pay/average number of salespersons for the year 1) Building media operations: taking into account the relatively mature development of the media market for the building, companies are firmly established
High-line city locations, large-scale, high-quality layouts, barriers to competition, new tides, competing against companies, and the future of new industries such as overseas layouts, prefabricated vegetables, are expected to grow steadily in 22-24 years for the company's elevator video and elevator poster media.
The epidemic has been repeated for 22 years, with average spot income of 38.1 per cent for the first half of the year and projected income of 33.6 per cent per spot for the year as a whole; taking into account the gradual rise of the downstream track, which is represented by prefabricated vegetables, new energy vehicles, and many financing events in the industry in the first half of the 21st and 22nd years,
2) Cinematographic media operations: Revenues are mainly from pre-screening advertisements, which are more closely linked to the ticket house. Considering that the 22-year epidemic has been repeated, and that there are severe restrictions on the regular under-line viewing, the company is expected to sign 32.3 per cent over the 22-year period, and that the hospital line is expected to recover from the outbreak, but the supply is uncertain and expected to be restored.
Figure 44: Corporate cinema media revenue increased at the same rate as the cinematography 1) Media rental costs: combined with the above, this cost is consistent with the change in the number of points, and repeated outbreaks are expected in the first half of the year, with media rental costs equal to -22.8 per cent, and are projected to be averaged throughout the year
The one-point cost is down, at the same rate of 24.9 per cent, taking into account the current competition of the ladders and the current 2) salaries of employees: the salaries of company employees vary according to the number of employees. Taking into account the current macro-economic context, the reduction of efficiency gains is on the agenda, and the future number of employees is expected to be sound.
(3) Depreciation: This cost is mainly derived from media assets, which are depreciated for 3 to 5 years, residual value is 0 per cent, expected depreciation is more stable without significant additions and replacements of equipment. 1h22 depreciation cost is equal to 7.4 per cent of income and 3.6 per cent is expected to be depreciated throughout the year.
4) Other: mainly the printing of elevator poster images, transportation and outsourcing of media equipment, operator flow charges resulting from the transmission of elevator video content, etc., 1h22 downside with revenue, but representing total sales costs: sales costs consist mainly of sales operations, employee remuneration, etc. 1h22
In the wake of repeated localized epidemics and a slowdown in macroeconomic growth, sales personnel were restricted in their normal operations, and the downside of the general camp, sales operations costs and employee remuneration were reduced accordingly, but the decline was smaller than the downside, leading to administrative costs: management costs were mainly related to employee remuneration, rent and property charges, depreciation and amortization,
R & D cost: R & D costs are composed mainly of employee remuneration, material consumption, 1h22 due to a fall in revenues, R & D rates ranged from 0.3 pct to 0.8 per cent over the second half of 21, and are projected to be studied throughout the year.
First advantage, a strong grasp of high-quality locations and crowds in high-line cities, and a strong brand marketing value that creates higher barriers to competition with large-scale, large-scale locational resources. Given 22 years of repeated outbreaks, the public is selected as a comparable company, with an average value of 15.55 x for 23 years.
The company’s advertising industry is more relevant to macroeconomic trends, especially in the context of the recurrent epidemic, with downstream advertising operators under pressure.
Advertising spending is likely to be reduced in the future, and under-brand marketing has been relatively slow, shrinking, or higher than on-line advertising. If the country’s economy as a whole recovers less than expected, the client’s budget for advertising may continue to shrink, thus adversely affecting company performance.
The new energy cars, prefabricated vegetables, etc., are relatively high and are now growing at a relatively fast pace, and are expected to contribute more to the company. If the high-growth industry develops, it will be less advanced than expected. The company is actively expanding its overseas operations, and fmkorea is planning to develop South Korea.
Listing, if influenced by adverse factors such as overseas outreach policies, culture, epidemics, the economy, competitors, etc., will hinder firms’ speed of progress, thus delaying performance.
Rates, while currently in a situation of misalignment, do not preclude competition for sudden upswings and new entrants, which could result in a loss of corporate income and profit levels.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment