In-depth reports from the public media (002027.sz) have been active in studying the internal arts and seeing the profit elasticity of the company as the leading media company in the country's life circles. The company was founded in 2003 and has been working hard for many years.
In the area of advertising marketing, an ad placement service is available for clients, such as building media, cinema screen media, and terminal sales media.
At the same time, companies have been active in expanding offshore operations to more than 50 major cities in Korea, Thailand, Singapore, and Indonesia, losing out of the elevator media business and gradually gaining harvest.
Influence, the advertising market as a whole has been under pressure and corporate performance has declined, with companies falling by 33.89 per cent over the previous three quarters, net profit for mothers, net profit for non-repatriated mothers falling over the same period. Optimization of immunization policy is expected to lead to a return in advertising confidence, with the value of media outlets in the life circle unchanged.
The local consumption index showed a different recovery from the optimization of immunization policies in Korea, Japan, Singapore and Hong Kong, China, in the Asian region.
In terms of advertising channels, the building media has been continuously recognized by advertisers because of their unique features, such as “mainstream population, mandatory, high frequency, low interference.” According to ctr, since 2017-2021, the cost of elevator media and cinema videos has increased substantially.
With the exception of 2019, there was a double-digit increase in advertising, especially in elevators. The company was actively engaged in internal work, looking for a profit elastic release. In recent years, the company has been actively engaged in internal work, increasing its efforts in terms of income, the extraction of traditional consumer customers, and the cost-justified layout of the points involved.
Optimized collating of income-generating capabilities, etc. The overall competitive advantage is further enhanced by the active and high-quality resources placed on the spot layout, which currently ranks first in the country and is concentrated in the second-line cities with higher levels of economic development.
The advertising industry has seen a return in confidence, and, with leverage, corporate profit elasticity is expected to increase.
The company has now built the largest urban life media network in the country, covering 307 major cities and 400 million mainstream consumers. At the same time, the company is actively expanding its overseas operations in countries such as Korea, Thailand, Singapore, and Indonesia.
Figure 1: Corporate development history, by type of business, consists mainly of building advertisements, cinema advertisements, and terminal sales.
The media included elevator TVs, elevator posters, elevator televisions installed mainly at the elevator entrance, which enabled rolling loops to be broadcast, elevator posters placed mainly inside the elevator, and company elevator TVs and elevator posters were posted to 81.5 and 2.673 million, respectively, by the end of 2021.
The number of licensed cinemas covered by the company is close to 2,000 and 136,000.
Figure 4: The cinema ads, the Wall of Wisdom series.
Use voter quality badb4z 230(1468)
Since the onset of the epidemic in 2020, there has been a brief stagnation of the off-line consumption scene, with the Department actively adjusting its response and optimizing the cost of the location. As the epidemic is gradually brought under control, the domestic economy has also become marginal and confidence in advertising has increased, and the company’s performance has recovered rapidly.
184.41% long and 48.48% long. Since the beginning of the year, the advertising market as a whole has been under pressure as a result of repeated outbreaks. Figure 6: Corporate net profit returns in recent years. Equity structure is stable.
The stockholding plan is expected to fully motivate the workforce.
The company is expected to be fully motivated by the introduction of an employee holding program to further improve the internal minister’s effectiveness incentive. Optimization of immunization policy is expected to lead to a return of confidence in advertising and a return to the media of life.
We're looking at the same research as South Korea, Japan, Singapore and Hong Kong, China.
In the early days of the new coronary epidemic, the four above-mentioned areas were largely subjected to stricter quarantine measures, and the corresponding consumption indexes were pressured. As quarantine policies were optimized, the consumption indexes of the four above-mentioned places showed a different recovery.
With the reopening of foreign tourist entry routes, the official opening of the border in October, and the liberalization of policies, the local consumer activity index is on the rise as a whole. With regard to domestic policy, 20 measures, issued on November 11, are no longer designed to close the border and optimize segregation.
By December 7, a new ten articles had been published, with a further emphasis on precision control, with many cases now no longer checking negative nucleic acid certificates and health codes, and immunization policies are being optimized. Taking into account the recovery in consumption brought about by the optimization of immunization policies in Japan, Korea, Singapore, and Hong Kong, China, we believe that the recovery of the consumption scene is expected as the country’s immunization policy continues to improve.
And the confidence of advertisers in advertising is expected to rise further. 2.2 The value of media marketing in the world of life is highlighted by the channels of advertising, including television, radio, newspapers, magazines, traditional outdoors, elevators, lcd, electricity, etc.
Ladder posters, cinema videos, Internet advertisements, etc. The media in the world, including those in the media, as well as cinema videos. From a crowd of people, the media in the world occupy a huge offline flow entrance. According to the Institute of Foresight, 500 million people arrive every day, and over 70% of the audience is 25-44 years old, the main creator and consumer of wealth in the country.
According to Kaydo, the average daily exposure of our residents to advertising is about 25 minutes, of which the escalator is about 6.4 minutes, or 26 per cent; elevator advertising reaches 79 per cent, after Internet advertising. Moreover, the elevators, because of their closed space, have a certain barrier to cellular signals and are able to assemble the time of fragmentation of the audience.
According to Kaidu, mobile phone interference in elevator television, elevator posters, cinema advertising is 45%, 41%, and 21%, respectively, the top three channels of distribution with minimal interference.
Figure 13: Age structure of target population in the media in the world of life, Figure 14: Number of days of exposure in the various media outlets of urban residents, Figure 15: Rate of arrival in the various media
The rate of daily arrival of media advertisements (%): the extent to which mobile phones interfere with media advertisements, the extent to which mobile phones interfere with media advertisements
[When exposed to advertising in this media, mobile phones are used as other features, such as "mainstream people, menstrual, high frequency, low interference" which further build the unique marketing value of building media.ctr According to data, since 2017-2021, elevator media and cinema videos have seen an increase in the number of cases in which they are published, basically leading the ad.
In particular, the elevator media, with the exception of 2019, have achieved double-digit growth, and the value of marketing has been further accentuated. 3. Actively studying internal skills, looking at profit elasticity release, etc. The demand for advertising has been significantly reduced, while clients in the field of education have been reduced in 21 years.
As a result, advertising has declined. Faced with falling demand for investment in the relevant areas, companies have responded positively and continued to expand their efforts to promote consumer-oriented customers. Consumer customers contributed $6331 million in 2021, and demand for advertising by advertisers has also become more resilient.
The company’s operating costs, which account for almost 70% of its operating costs in recent years, are largely derived from the cost of media resources. After a massive expansion in 2018 and an outbreak in 2020, the company has further strengthened its cost optimization efforts to optimize the layout of relevant locations, income-generating capabilities, etc.
In advertising, advertisers usually give priority to the extent and quality of the exposure, so the size and quality of the location determine to a large extent the extent of the exposure.
According to Sullivan, the number of media outlets in the company ' s buildings is the first in the country, with the market share leading by 1.8 times the sum of the second to fifth contestants. For cinemas, the company contracted 1,927 cinemas in 2021 and the market share in 2021.
15%. As a result of the relatively high level of economic development in second-line cities, the rates of listing and prices are higher, and the companies are now concentrated in second-line cities, with 200 and 420,000 elevator televisions in first-line and second-line cities, respectively, representing 29% and 62% of the number of elevator posters in first-line and second-line cities, respectively.
40.2 and 944,000, or 25% and 60%, respectively. Through high-quality pre-positioning location resources, companies have moved forward to consolidate their industry leaders.
The company’s elasticity of profits is expected to be further unleashed by the leverage of its operations. The company has been working for years in the media in the world of life, and in recent years has been actively adjusting its client structure, enhancing cost optimization, and gradually showing its impact, while keeping high-quality location resources in advance, with a strong industry leader.
Consumer scenes are expected to recover, and advertising confidence in advertisers is expected to rise further. We appreciate the company’s performance next year, and the macroeconomic recovery is not as good as expected: the advertising market is closely linked to macroeconomic trends, if the domestic economy recovers less than expected, or weakens advertising confidence, which has a negative impact on the company’s performance.
(b) Increased competition in the industry: if rivals in the industry compete for market shares in the form of price wars, they will be detrimental to corporate performance.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report with diligence and professionalism, independently and objectively and within the limits of my knowledge.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have no use for them.