Central and Central Quality Section (000157) Mechanical equipment is intended to be bought back from its own funds to demonstrate confidence in development, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Events: The company issues a repurchase plan, using its own funds to repurchase its own funds as of March and 31, 2019, thus demonstrating its confidence in development. The company proposes to buy back at a maximum price that is higher than the 13 May collection rate, and the industry has been growing at a high rate in the first quarter. In 2018, the company's main product was sold at a very high price.
In the case of core operations, concrete machinery and cranes generated revenues of $10.17 billion (+38.6 per cent), 124.7 per cent (+51.7 per cent), of which q4 recorded revenues of $7.66 billion (+41.6 per cent) in the first quarter and a net profit of $720 million (+1345.8 per cent).
Realising operating income of 9.02 billion (+41.8% year-on-year, ring + 17.7%) and net return to mothers of $10.0 billion (up from the Māori rate on a quarterly basis, with rising profitability levels). Companies focused on a steady market segment, leading to a two-high market for major products, a rise in volume prices, and a leading domestic market share for cranes and concrete machines in 2018.
Concrete and crane rates rose by 5.6 pp, 7.1 pp, and company combined Māori rates by 5.7 pp. 2019q1, with a quarterly increase in the Māori ratio to 30.0%, compared to 4.7 pp, ring ratio to 0.9 pp, as a result of the restructuring of the company’s products.
All right, the three rates have been reduced by 1.3 pp, of which the management rate has fallen by 1.7 pp from 2018 q1. The company has strengthened the market for development potential and advanced intelligent manufacturing. The company has actively developed other potential markets, pre-positioned a network for the sale of earth machinery, and a new generation of earth machinery products has been placed on the market, accelerating the deployment of high-altitude tools.
Industry platform products, mechanism sands, jet mechanics, etc.. Companies advance in intelligence-making. Efficiently build tower machines, high-altitude machine-smart production lines, intelligent, automated, flexible production, start planning for car-mixing industrial parks, hydraulic critical component parks, and promote industrial clustering.
1 Engineering Machinery Re-focusing, Sustained High Performance Growth Central and Heavy Section, Inc., founded in 1992 and listed in October 2000, is mainly engaged in research and development for high-technology equipment, such as engineering machinery, environmental industry, agricultural machinery. The company already covers a number of countries and regions around the world and is located in the "Short Zone".
The company is actively engaged in strategic transformation, creating a multi-portfolio of engineering machinery, agricultural machinery, and financial services, with the Hunan State Treasury being one of the top 10 shareholders, with a 16.1% shareholding.
As a result of the restructuring in recent years, corporate engineering and machinery operations have become increasingly focused, accounting for 93.1 per cent of total corporate engineering and machinery revenues and 16.1 per cent higher than in 2017. The industry has a high profile and one-quarter growth.
Revenues of $7.66 billion (+41.6 per cent) and net profit of the mother of $720 million (+1345.8 per cent). 2019q1, the engineering and machinery industry has a high profile, and the company ' s business continues to grow at a high rate of 9.02 billion (compared with +41.8 per cent and the ring of 17.7 per cent) and the mother of $10.0 billion (compared with +166.0 per cent and the ring of 40.0 per cent).
The company’s focus on market segmenting is steady, the main product is sold at two large prices, and the share of the domestic market in cranes and concrete machines remains at the forefront. In 2018, concrete machines and cranes continued to grow.
Overall, the ratio of high Maori products has risen, with the company ' s Māori ratio rising from 30 per cent to 30 per cent on a quarterly basis, compared to +4.7 pp and the ring to 0.9 pp. The benefits have fallen by 1.7 pp. The company has achieved a net interest rate of 10.9 per cent and +5.1 pp. The market for development potential has been strengthened, and intelligent manufacturing has been advanced. The company has actively developed other potential markets and pre-positioned earth machines.
A network for the sale of arms, a new generation of earth-based mechanical products has been marketed, accelerating the deployment of high-altitude platform products, mechanism sands, ejector mechanics, etc. The company has advanced intelligence.
In 2019, capital construction is expected to pick up, making it easier for engineering machinery to sell. The crane, concrete machinery, which benefits from the recovery of the foundation, the need to update the demand cycle, and the phasing out of the country’s three vehicles, are expected to support better sales data over the next three years.
The company’s product competitiveness has continued to grow, new products have been introduced, and, in the context of the rising industry climate, it is expected that the better companies will be the champions of engineering machinery, and the leading firms in the current a-share-market division of engineering machinery have been selected by comparable companies. By May 13, 2019, this compares to 11 times as much as 2019pe.
The company is also a high-quality customer, with product extension with a logic of substantial price increases, which for the first time is covered, with an “upgrading” rating. Downstream infrastructure increases are lower than expected, and products are not sold as expected.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.