The company has long been in the top 2 of concrete machinery and engineering cranes, the 1st in towers, the clear advantages of technology research and development, water, customer groups, after-sales services.
The market share of the product will increase further in 19 years, while companies are also actively expanding their new operations, such as high-altitude platforms and earth-based machinery, to build future performance growth points. The tower industry will open a new winding cycle, with concrete machinery projected to continue into 2021, and the engineering crane will continue to have a high temperature in 19 years, with firm performance being determined.
Re-strategic focus on precision engineering machines, with historical elasticity gradually increasing profit elasticity. For 17 years, concrete machines will continue to be present for the next 2-3 years, cars will be stripped of their sanitation assets, strategic focus on engineering machinery, continued focus on product development, and accelerated advancement of intelligence.
It can create upgrading and globalization and consolidate market leadership; when the market recovers, companies take the initiative to deal with the second crane, which will reach a peak of demand in 19 years, the tower is expected to open, the historical burden of mobile phones, bad receivables, etc., and tight controls on credit sales, asset quality and profitability.
The company's future performance will be more resilient in a new winding-up cycle, as concrete machines and cars. In May of this year, the company launched a big stock buy-back program, the first two of the cranes, the first of the towers, and the market share.
Concrete machinery and engineering cranes are growing high and demand is rising steadily in 19-21 years. Through condensation, performance is rising steadily, with a high degree of certainty.
Recalculation of earth machinery and engineering cranes, with a peak demand for concrete machine renewal until 2021, with vehicle cranes expected to reach a peak of 2019; environmental policies affecting different equipment, with greater impact on concrete mixers; by measuring the irrr of concrete pump vehicles and by establishing "premix concrete-pumper insurance"
A model of volume-pump-car sales further validates that concrete machinery will continue, even with a modest downside impact on real estate investments, and that of cars will continue to rely mainly on subsequent infrastructure, concrete machinery and engineering cranes will stay at the top two of the industry, with deep technology plus a wide range of loyal customers plus high quality.
After-sales services are expected to increase the company’s market share further. The company’s concrete machinery technology is a global leader, working together as a double oligarch in the industry, and its market share will increase further in 19 years; the car crane is currently in Xu, China Federation, and 33 minutes, and the company has a significant advantage in terms of tonnages such as 25t, 70t, 80t, and so on, 12t, 20t, 35t, and so on.
New, highly competitive products will also be introduced in non-consumptive tonnages, driven by strong additions to the dominant tonnage and substantial upgrading of older products, and stronger research and development of vulnerable tonnages, the share of the company ' s car crane market will increase and the gap between the three will gradually narrow.
The towers are starting a new boom, and the world’s leading business revenues are expected to hit 10 billion. The massive build-up of assembly has generated a larger demand for medium- and large-scale towers in recent years. By 2025, it is estimated that there will be a shortfall of about 70,000 towers, bringing on average nearly 10,000 new demand each year, as well as an increase in demand and investment.
Driven by gaps in equipment supply and demand, growth of overseas markets, etc., the towers will start a new winding cycle, with companies, leading companies, expected to collect $8.5 billion in 19 years, and a further breakthrough of $10 billion in the future. Agricultural machinery is expected to lose, focusing on the cultivation of new industries, such as high-altitude platforms and excavators.
The downside of machine acquisition subsidies, the move from speed to quality in the agricultural sector, increased sales of cash crops, agricultural machinery, accelerated landing of artificial intelligence in agricultural machinery in 19 years, and high-altitude platforms and excavators, which are new and focused businesses, are now widely appreciated by users and will be available in the future.
The engineering and machinery industry has a lower-than-expected outlook, increased competition in the industry and significantly lower-than-anticipated capital and real estate investments.
Bank of China International Securities Inc. is qualified for securities investment consulting business.
Strategy 1 is reoriented, with large engineering giants with large profit elasticity 1.1 focuses on precision engineering, and consolidates market leadership Re-strategic focus on engineering and machinery masters, and on the expansion of blue-sea markets, such as earth-based machinery and high-altitude platforms.
The former is the Longsand Construction Machinery Institute, which is the world ' s best engineering giant, with the world ' s most complete product spectrum, including 10 major categories, 55 product lines, and more than 460 dominant products, with its two major business concrete and cranes ranked among the world ' s top 2 and 5, respectively, and the company ranked 13th in the top 50 rankings of global engineering machinery manufacturers in 2018, up from 1 in 2017.
Starting with the restructuring of the company ' s development strategy, which refocused engineering machinery, excellent agricultural machinery, and divestment of sanitation equipment assets, with a cumulative value of $14.65 billion, selling 100% of the environmental industry company ' s equity to the peak. Currently, the company is building up four major business blocks of heavy machinery, concrete machinery, agricultural machinery, and financial services, while actively moving into the field of machinery and high-altitude platforms, which are expected to evolve in the future.
In 2018, the share of corporate cranes, concrete machines and agricultural machinery was 43.5 per cent and 35.4 per cent and 5.1 per cent respectively, with a sustained focus on product research and development and technological innovation leading the market. Since 2012, corporate R & D spending has been in excess of $1 billion, R & D investment has stabilized at 4 to 5 per cent, and high R & D inputs have led to the continuous upgrading of corporate products in the fields of engineering and agricultural machinery.
The research and development innovation has been remarkable, with t7020 flat-arm tower cranes, zcc8800w tracked cranes, rmas 3000 mechanism sands + dry mix sands, zrs 322e single steel wheels with full hydraulic double-drilling road drivers, four products on top of the 2-18 annual engineering machine top50, and the highest-ever national science and technology advance prize for critical technology and applications in the super-large towers, and the development of agricultural machinery for the first none in the country.
People are driving a combined harvester, and so on, and have been successful in selecting the top 100 innovation firms in mainland China and the world’s most innovative ones, and their research and development technologies have led to new developments in the domestic market. Accelerating the upgrading of smart manufacturing and leading national production levels.
By automating, intelligent, flexible production, setting up new poles for the development of high-end equipment in the country, starting the construction of towers in Changde, which are the most advanced smart factory in the world, starting the construction of a hybrid car smart manufacturing industrial park and planning for the Chinese Federation of Smart Industries, building smart products through the industrial Internet, artificial intelligence, etc., and upgrading the company’s core competitiveness.
Over the years, overseas markets have been laid, companies have established subsidiaries in several regions, including South-East Asia, East Asia, and Europe, and permanent agencies in 23 countries, covering more than 100 countries and regions around the world. Since 2010, corporate overseas revenue has steadily increased, reaching 12.5% by 2018.
Taking advantage of the “one-way” overseas development opportunities to accelerate the expansion of offshore bases, such as Cifa's territorial expansion from exclusive concrete equipment into concrete, start-up, product-building integrated globalization companies, promotion of the China-White Industrial Park project, acceleration of the construction of new factories in India, sustained global resource consolidation, establishment of global logistics networks and spare parts supply systems, focus areas, etc.
Since the recovery of this round, firms have managed to control credit sales patterns, receivables as a percentage of receipts, inventory receipts as well as the quality of the company’s operations, which have declined significantly compared to the previous cycle.
The risk has been fully released; in the last two years, the company has been active in dealing with older stocks, with a combined estimate of about $2.9 billion in stock decline prices, and in recent years, the company has been fully prepared for bad debt preparation and stock fall.
The company’s long-term cost rate is higher than that of its peers, mainly because of higher financial and sales rates; net corporate interest rates are driven by higher and lower current rates in 2017, and profit-end elasticity is much more than repair. Cash flow continues to improve, reaching an all-time high in 18 years.
Significant improvements have been made and operational capacity has improved, with the company ' s operating cash flow continuously improving since 2016, reaching $5.06 billion in 2018, a record high, and the company ' s cash flow better matched the growth of the business. 1.3 A large buyback of company shares is proposed to demonstrate confidence in future development.
The firm issued a repurchase scheme from May to May 2019, using its own funds to repurchase a share in a centralized bid, not less than 2.5% of the company’s total equity, not more than 5% of the total equity, not more than $7.63 per share price for the repurchase.
This buy-back will be used to implement the employee-holding scheme, which will help to improve the company’s long-term incentives, step by step, to mobilize team motivation and promote the company’s long-term and healthy development. The company’s rollback of shares in future uncertain markets will serve to reinforce its confidence in future development and long-term intrinsic value, as well as the confidence of investors.
2 concrete machines and engineering cranes with high growth, industry continued to experience a 2.1-window swing between 19 and 21 years, and concrete machines and engineering cranes will reach their peaks of renewal. According to the order of construction, the engineering machinery climate cycle generally follows the order of excavators, cranes, concrete machines and excavators.
Since the recovery in July 2016, positive growth has been achieved for 34 months in a row by April 2019, with construction cranes and concrete machinery serving as medium-sized cement pump vehicle replacement requirements peaking until 2021, with expected sales of natural renewals driven by industry in 2019-2021, with a stronger willingness to upgrade at a time of higher market climates and delays in equipment upgrading at a time of low market climates.
The model calculates changes in holdings that are consistent with statistical changes in holdings, and the absolute error is small, confirming the legitimacy of the method.
There is a low demand for the upgrade of the mounted cranes, and the need to upgrade the cranes with the vehicle is more stable. The sales of the tracked cranes are lower in the domestic market, with an average of 1,000 sales per year, a longer working life, and many of the mounted cranes have more than 30 years of service, thus having a less negative impact on the sale of the tracked cranes; the same assumptions as the vehicle cranes are used for the renewal of the cranes, with an updated readiness factor of 0.7.
2.2 Environmental protection policies have varied impacts on different equipments, contributing to smoothing industrial cycle fluctuations. On 1 July of the year, the national five standards for heavy diesel vehicles were formally implemented, with a successive entry into the national six emission standards in 2019-2023. The national six emission targets were split into two phases, a.b., starting 1 July 2019, and the gas heavy vehicle implementing country sixa emission standards, dated 1 July 2021.
With an urban heavy vehicle implementing country's sixa emission standard, all heavy vehicles will be subject to the six national emission standards by 1 July 2023. Road movements are generally phased out “three generations apart” and 18 provinces and cities have now announced early implementation of the national six emission standards, placing a ban on sales for five days, a ban on sales for four days, and a non-annual inspection for three days, so that three national equipment will face accelerated phase-out starting in 2019.
Three countries have large holdings, with concrete pumps/mixing/car crane holdings of 63 per cent/42/42 per cent, respectively. The actual implementation of the country ' s four emission criteria has been delayed, the Ministry of Information issued a note in April 2014 that the country ' s diesel vehicle products will not be sold as of 1 January 2015, so that there are still a larger number of equipment sold in 2013 and 2014. We measure the stock of equipment in the country ' s three.
The situation is explained by the fact that, for 2013-2014, the assumed third country and fourth country each accounted for 50 per cent of the sale of equipment, using the same calculus as the previous update, and that the holdings of the concrete pump/mixer/car crane III and below were 4.2/14.8/96,000, or 63 per cent/42/42 per cent, respectively.
Figure 21. Vehicle cranes in the third country account for 42 per cent of their holdings. Environmental policies affect different equipment in order of magnitude: concrete mixers > car cranes > concrete pump vehicles (car-load pumps). By long duration of the project, concrete pump vehicles (car-load pumps) work longer in individual sites and travel less on roads, even if followed up
(b) Autocar cranes and concrete blenders are often required to travel frequently, are more affected by environmental policies, and many large infrastructure projects are becoming more and more demanding, often requiring the repurchase of new equipment that will further accelerate the phase-out of old equipment. Concrete mixers are under both environmental and therapeutic stress.
The demand for lower, passive replacements will become more pronounced, in addition to the diversity of the downstream needs of automobile cranes and many applications in the suburbs, where environmental enforcement is not so strong, as there are still a lot of equipment in operation in both countries that will need to be disposed of in the future.
Given the pressure from the US-China trade war and the downside of the domestic economy, we believe that environmental policy will probably not be one-size-fits-all, and that there will be a two- or three-year transition to national six standards in 2019-2021. The concrete mixer country three is expected to be fully cleared in the next three years, and after natural renewal needs are eliminated, some 66,000 units will be forcibly upgraded, corresponding to approximately 2.2 per year in 2019-2021.
Demand; by 2021, after removing natural renewal needs, concrete pumps will have some 20 million national stock of equipment, which will be relatively less affected by environmental policies, and will be released for longer periods of time, leading to natural renewal. 2.3 The offshore market is promising, and the domestic leader, Fussion+Fissiles, accelerates globalization.
Concrete machinery exports are relatively high, and steady increases in global demand have helped smooth the cycle. Since 2009, exports of concrete machinery as a whole have continued to grow steadily, for example, with the largest share of exports in concrete mixers, increasing from 1667 in 2009 to 8183 in 2017, and are expected to break down further by 2018, with exports also accounting for 7.1 per cent of 2009 exports.
Increasing export sales to 22.9% in 2017 and increasing sales, making the role of overseas markets in concrete machinery increasingly important, although the annual volume of exports of concrete pumps has stabilized at around 2000-3000, is high at 30-50%. Global demand for concrete machinery will increase steadily, driven by rapid growth in emerging economies such as South-East Asia and South Asia.
Developments in overseas markets have helped smooth the volatility of the domestic market. Figure 24. Concrete pump exports since 2009 have accounted for about 30-50%.
2879, 879 vehicles, an increase of 17.6 per cent and 18.1 per cent from the same year, which is significantly lower than the industry average. From 2008 to date, there has been no significant increase in the export of vehicle cranes and tracked cranes, which number about 3,000 and the export of tracked cranes about 800.
China’s exports of engineering cranes account for less than 15 per cent of exports, and there is a big gap in the more mature markets. China’s exports of engineering cranes account for less than 1 per cent of exports, an average of 18 per cent in the last eight years, less than 4,400 in 2017, and a further decline in export sales in 2018, while Japan, like the mature construction crane market, accounts for more than 40 per cent of exports.
Since 2000, its share of exports has risen significantly, making the growth of cranes a necessity. Figure 28. Japan’s share of engineering crane exports since 2000 has been increasing as compared to the constant increase in China’s engineering cranes, which occupy half of the country’s capital overseas market, and have raised space.
The country’s markets account for 53%, and Japan, Europe, and North America account for the remaining 47%. According to the Engineering and Machinery Association and the First Engineering and Mechanic Network, China’s engineering cranes have been growing at a high rate of about 80% and 50%, respectively, over the past two years, while Japan and Europe’s markets have been relatively depressed, with a decline of more than 10% and North America’s steady growth of more than 10%.
As domestic producers improve their product quality, the price ratio will become more visible, and there will be much room for improvement in overseas markets in the future.
Domestic leaders, “polymer plus fission,” will accelerate the globalization pattern, and industrial exports will increase steadily over the next three years. Domestic engineering and engineering leaders, represented by Trinity, China Federation, and Xu, have accelerated the globalisation pattern through fusion-based M&As and fission-like endogenous expansions, creating a number of overseas production bases in places with better demand prospects.
Significant progress has been made in the field of cranes, which have begun to compete with the international giants, and the volume of exports of concrete machinery and engineering cranes is expected to increase steadily over the next three years. 2.4 Pre-mix concrete growth guarantees the need for concrete machinery, and capital investment is expected to stretch the construction crane.
Concrete machinery is closely linked to the production of pre-mixed concrete, and production of pre-mixed concrete has increased steadily in recent years. Premix concrete is a direct application of concrete machinery, and its production has had a decisive impact on the volume of sales of concrete machinery, which has been growing at a relatively good pace since 2008 and has fluctuated more rapidly, showing greater demand elasticity for premixed concrete production.
Since then, our production of pre-mix concrete has continued to grow, with production growing by about 2.23 billion m3 in 2018, an increase of 9.3 per cent over the same period. Chart 33. Production of pre-mixed concrete has continued to grow steadily since 2002.
The height of Irr has a direct impact on the enterprise’s purchasing behaviour, as in the case of pumps, where the market is not attractive enough to stimulate customers to purchase new equipment when it is < 10%, and when it is > 10%, it will be a significant incentive for customers to purchase new machines, and the volume of pumps will tend to increase more. In the case of the 47m concrete pump vehicle, we use as an example the construction of a cash flow model for investment to measure its irr, with the following assumptions:
Purchase of equipment: cost of equipment: $3 million, down payment of 40 per cent, three-year instalments with an annual interest rate of 5 per cent; 2) income from pump delivery: annual pump delivery volume of 50,000, current cost of 47m pump delivery of $23-28/m, median value of $26/ceiling, which will increase by an average of 3 per cent next year, taking into account increased inflation and competition;
4) Fuel costs: The pump costs 0.55-0.65l diesel fuel per concrete side, 25-30l diesel per 100 km in the process, a mileage of 20,000 km per year, an intermediate fuel consumption value of 0.6l/moderate and 28l/100 km, a diesel fuel price of 6.7 yuan/l, an average annual compound increase of about 5 per cent over the past 20 years, and a diesel price increase of 5 per cent in future years;
(v) Pump tubes: one pump pipe has a useful life of about 30,000 squares, requiring the replacement of 1-2 sets of concrete per year, and one set is replaced each year at a price of about 35,000 units, with an average price increase of 4 per cent per year in the future;
7) Hydraulic fluids and filters: semi-annually, hydraulic fluids at a cost of $19,000 and leaching at a cost of about $3,000, which has not been increased by an average of 4 per cent per year; 8) other vulnerable items, maintenance and maintenance costs: lower maintenance costs for the first year of the new vehicle, approximately 20,000, to start with the second year.
High to 50,000, with an average annual increase of 10 per cent in the future; 9) Depreciation and income tax: 10 years average depreciation, 5 per cent residual value and $450,000 in residual value realization income, according to the tax code. According to the calculation model, when the pump cost is 26 yuan/module and the pump is 50,000 m/year, the Irr of the concrete pump vehicle is 20.4 per cent.
The price of pumps and pumps will be the two core factors affecting them. The bigger the pump, the higher the pump, the higher the price, the higher the Irr will be, and the more attractive the investment will be. A sensitivity analysis of the concrete pumps will be possible through the pump vector and the pump price.
It was found that when the pump delivery price was $26/mode and the pump delivery price was 40,000/year, the balance point for the increase in the volume of pumps was 10 per cent; When the pump delivery was 35,000/year, the current price level was less than 10 per cent, the market was not attractive and the volume of pumps would shrink; When the pump delivery was 45,000/year, the current price level was higher than 10 per cent, and the market was highly attractive and the volume of pumps sold would decrease.
So we think that 40,000 squares/years are a balanced measure of the pump market at the current price level. Selecting pump holdings for 2007-2018, pre-mixed concrete production, pump vehicle sales acceleration to validate the increase in the pump vector, taking into account statistical inaccuracies in the production of premixed concrete, and adding 20% to the Ministry of Commerce data base as premix concrete.
Production, when the ratio of pre-mixed concrete production/pump vehicle holdings is below 40,000, the volume of sales will remain largely negative, with sales greater than 40,000 growing, and the value will return to 40,000 in 2018. We believe that the continued decline in sales of new machines in 2012-2016 and the growth of pre-mixed concrete production, the excess capacity of pumps, which has been largely cleared, is now full of work, and that the balance of supply and demand in the industry was reversed in 2018.
Figure 35. Sensitivity analysis of pump vectors and pump prices to irr Chart 36. Annual pump vectors < 40,000 square-time pump vehicle sales have remained largely negative growth, based on the strong correlation between concrete pump vehicle holdings and pre-assembled concrete production to construct "pre-mix concrete production -- pump vehicle holdings"
A calculation model for the "pumping out". By matching the past concrete pump holdings with the production of premixed concrete, a stronger correlation was found between the former concrete pump holdings and the production of premixed concrete, which, when premixed concrete production/concrete pump vehicle holdings were > 40,000, were related to premixed concrete production linearly: concrete pump holdings = 0.28*1.2* premixed concrete production - 0.82.
Figure 38.19 Projections of the sale of concrete pumps for different productions of pre-mixed concrete indicate that the growth in capital investment + the increase in the premixing rate of concrete guarantee the growth of premixed concrete without undue fear of the impact of downside real estate. The demand for premixed concrete is closely linked to fixed asset investment in capital and real estate, even if real-estate capital investment fell by 2% in 2019.
The capital fixed asset investment increased by 5 per cent, the total demand for pre-mixed concrete was also equal to the previous year, the downside of real estate had a more limited impact on premix concrete, and given the large gap between domestic premix rates and Europe and the United States, it was conservatively projected that premix concrete would remain at 2 per cent over the next three years, based on an average annual increase of 2 per cent in premix concrete production in 2019-2021, and it was calculated that the total sales of concrete pump vehicles would be respectively.
Some 7650/9800-13000, of which the need for renewal is about 70%. We believe that the concrete machinery industry will continue to expand in the next three years, that concrete pumps will grow at a higher rate, and that concrete mixers, concrete pumps and concrete blending stations will maintain a relationship between pre-mix concrete production and capital + fixed asset investment in the building.
Figure 40. Our concrete pre-mixing rate in 2015 is only about 35%, and the strength of capital investment will determine the continuity of the construction start-up climate cycle. Unlike concrete machinery, the main downstream applications of engineering cranes are in the capital construction sector, with fewer applications of real estate, and hence the strength of capital investment in the sale of construction start-up machines and the duration of the weather cycle.
The impact is significant, although natural renewal peaks are likely to occur in 2019, but the climate cycle is expected to be prolonged if capital investment is sustained. From the provinces and municipalities that have announced their 2019 planned investment, there has been varying degrees of growth, except in Hebei Province, where capital investment has increased significantly compared to 2018, and where further observation is needed in the future on the recovery and landing of capital projects.
Under the combined effects of natural renewal, environmental policy, export and capital estate investment, we expect the following sales to be made of concrete machinery and engineering crane owners: 3 concrete machinery and engineering cranes have stabilized to the second highest level and the company ' s share of the market is expected in 19 years.
3.1 Concrete machinery technology is a global leader, with a gradual market share restoration cycle, with the global concrete machinery market of nearly $50 billion in 2018 dominated by the domestic market. We measure the market space for domestic and global concrete machinery in the light of data on concrete machinery sales and imports and exports, as disclosed by the Association, using unit price information from industrial chain research.
With the domestic concrete machinery market reaching nearly $100 billion a year, the industry began to adjust for five years, with a shrinking market space that fell to about $21 billion by 2016, and industry in 2017, corresponding to about $48 billion in 2018 in global market space.
Concrete machinery has a higher value and greater demand elasticity in pumps and mixers. According to industry chain studies, a typical 500,000-sided concrete mixer station is equipped with approximately 3-4 concrete pump vehicles, 3-4 vehicle-loading pumps, and 20 blend transport vehicles. Concrete pumps are more expensive, and there are more concrete mixers, often the two types of equipment with the highest value in concrete machinery, from the 2011 market regulations.
The value of the concrete pump was 48% and the concrete mixer was close to 30%, with a combined value of about 77%. As the industry cycle fluctuates, the pump and mixer show greater demand elasticity, the concrete mixer station is well supplied, and the industry is much more involved in moving towards a high-precision, efficient, and environmentally friendly pattern, the overall demand will be more stable and the concrete pump market space will be smaller.
The key to the competition for concrete machinery is the pump and blender. Figure 44. The value of pump and mixer vehicles in 2011 was about 77 per cent, and figure 45.2018, the value of pump and mixer vehicles was about 68 per cent.
There is competition between the pump cars and the three-to-one-bottle-bore-mixing industry. The high profitability of the concrete pump and the rapid growth of the industry, the marked increase in participants in recent years, the absence of changes in the pattern of competition in the two-hulls, and the limited impact on the high-value-added long-arm pump, mainly in the area of low-arms pumps with low technology content and added value. In 2018, 4,800 pumps were sold to the left.
Right, three over 2,000 of them, less than 1400, with a combined sales ratio of up to 75 per cent; blending vehicles with relatively simple structures, relatively transparent technology, direct outsourcing of core parts, no complex assembly process, industry entry thresholds, some specialized vehicles, a market where car enterprises use their edges on the bottom plate to be active, and some non-qualified units and spare parts companies to merge through mergers.
Restructured to gain access and compete more vigorously, the market shares of Trinity, Wallithon, Mid-Core River, etc., in 2018, were about 40%, cr. 3%, and the market share was 5.3%. Chinan and Trinity were the absolute protagonists in the global concrete machinery, and the market share has risen steadily in recent years.
The acquisition of Chifa, Germany, and Schwein, the three largest overseas concrete machines, China began to become an absolute player in the global concrete machinery, the development of the dominant industry, and the global market share of Chinese enterprises, have also begun to rise steadily. In 2011, 31 and 21.2 billion of the total market share of the world ' s concrete machinery were collected, together accounting for about 35% of the world ' s market share, and by 2018, the market share of China ' s enterprises was raised.
The ratio between Trinity and Central Cement Mechanics was 1.1 in 2013, expanded to 2.0 in 2016, and declined in the last two years, with a strong technical strength and high-quality product quality, bolstered by a greater degree of flexibility in the CCM concrete business. In the future, the market share of Unions and Trinity is expected to increase further, and the difference with Trinity will gradually decrease.
Figure 48. In 2011-2018, the tri- and Central-Concrete mechanical concret collection plants were rich in variety and technology leading the world. The medium-concrete pump product was rich in variety and covered a range of 22-101 m, with 4.0 series of pumps producing downlines of 24, 32, 37, 40, 47, 49, 53, 56, 60, 63m, 10 metres, 2-to 5 bridges, etc.
Four bridging products. In 2012, the company launched the world ' s longest 101-metre carbon-fibre armpowder pump, with an altitude of over 100 metres, covering 20,000 square metres, the 56-metre pump with the largest market coverage, won the first award for innovation in Hunan Province, with a lifetime of 450,000 unbroken. Technology is advanced in Europe, pumping efficiency is 5-8% higher than industry, energy consumption is less than 2-4% industry, and the end end of arms vibrancy is 200 mm.
Inner, the product is highly recognized by its clients, the market is the highest in the world, and these products represent the firm's concrete technology, which is split in three-tenths, with a market share of 30% expected in 19 years. A comparison of the company's 37-metre-new high-precision 4.0 pump last year, the vehicle and the main performance parameters of the 3137-metre pump vehicle shows that the two companies have the same product performance, and the combined pumps are at the top of the fabric.
It's a little bit better in degrees, radius, and depth, and it's a little more adaptive to the construction, and ensures that the arm length is 8 years and 400,000 years long. According to the industry chain, a lot of manufacturers have suffered armbreaks in 18 years, but the product of the U.S. 4.0 pump has not broken arm, further confirming the firmness of the quality of the company's product. With the continued improvement of the world's leading technology, the quality of stable and reliable products, the product spectrum, the company's past.
Over the years, a wide range of client groups have accumulated, and with a renewed strategic focus, the market share of pumps has begun to recover, and in 19 years we expect that the market share of company pumps will rise to more than 30%. The rich spectrum meets the need for diversification, and the market competitiveness of the 4.0 series of blenders is prominent.
Concrete mixers are designed to combine performance parameters, chassis configuration, loading, after-sale services, and prices. The mixer is designed to integrate cifa European technology with a 20-per-cent increase in useful life, with a significant increase in the homogeneity of concrete and a maximum speed of 7.8 m3/min in and out; in the case of top-loading configurations, the core deceleration machines, pumps, motors are used in internationally recognized brands, and the product is stable.
Reliable; multiple configurations of two bridges, three bridges, four bridges and heavy vapours, gas, gas, liberation, wide-air field, etc. for the same-capacity vehicle type to meet customer diversity; loading volume, covering four, six, eight series, etc., equipped with spillproof devices, with more effective loads than peer-manufactured blenders; stable product quality, lower failure rates and good after-sales services, etc.
The Division's 4.0 series of concrete mixers is more competitive in the market. The new product of the mixer is very popular in the market, and the company's sales are expected to reach 10,000 in 19 years. The company's 4.0 series of mixers zh5318gjbhe, launched in 18 years, is extremely skilled in terms of technology, quality, services and cost, using “powder” techniques, feed and feed devices.
The average life expectancy is over 30,000 m3, with low inclination designs, which are 5-15% lower than the product of the same kind, with a probability of side flipping down by more than 72%, with a third-generation t-leaf technology, a relative error in slurry density at industry level, a relative error in rough bone at industry level, and a 5-10% reduction in aggregate oil consumption. Once introduced, the product is popular in the market and is known as the “Captain of Energy Conservation” and is expected to be sold in 19 years.
With the continuous updating and upgrading of the company mixer spectrum, we believe that the volume and market share of the company will rise significantly over 19 years, with 10,000 sales expected to rise to over 10 per cent. 3.2 Engineering cranes have a rich product base, and deep technology plus a wide range of loyal customers will regain competitive advantage.
The China-China crane business inherited the powerful family base of Hunanpur, with some pre-emptive advantages on the technological reserve, the domestic engineering cranes, the nuclear tap manufacturing enterprise, the products of which included car cranes, all-ground cranes, tracked cranes, cross-country tire cranes and with-board cranes, and a wide range of five series of basic construction projects, such as roads, bridges, high irons, oil fields, large ports, nuclear and wind power.
A fully fledged car crane covering 12-110 tons of mainstream machines, a full-ground crane covering 200-2000 tons of product spectra, a map with cranes forming 50-3200 tons of product spectra, has accumulated over the years a large number of loyal client groups, with different types of product holding large and highly competitive advantages in the industry.
The engineering crane industry achieved a higher level of growth in 2018, with 32.318 vehicle crane sales, 58.5 per cent more than the previous year, 1828 tracked cranes, 35.2 per cent more than the same, 14084 with vehicles, 29.6 per cent more than the same, with high annual growth in the sale of medium- and combined-car cranes, and a corresponding increase of 68.3 per cent from 2009 to date, in Xu, China and the three largest markets.
The share has risen steadily, the concentration of the industry has increased, and there is now basically a three-pronged situation, with Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xing Xu Xu Xu Xing Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xing Xu Xu Xu Xu Xing Xing Xu Xing Xu Xu Xing Xing Xu Xu Xu Xu Xing Xing Xu Xu Xu Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xu Xu Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing Xing
The crane industry will also see three reshufflings and market share redistributions, and the gap between the three major manufacturers will increase further in the future.
In terms of sales of different tonnages of automobile cranes, 20-25 tons are the main machines sold by various manufacturers, and in recent years sales and market shares have increased, with sales exceeding 20,000 in 2018, or more than 60 per cent, of which 20 tons are sold, nearly 5,000, and 25 tons are sold more than 15,000;
The three largest producers differ in terms of their competitiveness in terms of tonnage, with a clear edge on aircraft of 25, 70, and 80 tons: 1) Xu’s products have a strong competitive edge in 16t and below. They have sold more than 2,000 units in 18 years, and the share of the ton market exceeds 50%.
The China-China Federation attached less importance to this type of tonnage, while the three first became fully involved in the competition for 8 or 12 tons of markets, and the brands of Willows, Sun-Yun and others introduced new products, which would increase in 19 years; 2) Xu and the China-China Federation maintained a strong presence in the top 20-25-ton fleet, and pursued them directly. Xu was on the top of 20 to 5 arms.
Keeping dominant, the two main sales machines qy20k5 and xct20l5 sales together exceeded 2,000, 25 tons of old and new machines continued to switch, the latest sales were over 1,000, the newly introduced 20 tons of 5 arms were powerful, 25 tons of old and 5 arms, 20 tons of high sales, straight after the Quixian, t series of 25 tons of 5 arm and 5 of stc250t, became the hottest type of machine, with the longer lead and stronger.
Heavy performance will further penetrate the market in the future. While the newest 20-ton 5-arm type of ztc200v5 has been on the market for a relatively short period of time, its market share has fallen, but it has been sold for over 300 in less than six months, has great prospects for development, continues to be a strong defender of the Asian Army on 25 tons, with 5 knots of high competitiveness in the arms xtc250v market and a good user profile as its core machine;
3) Out of 35-55 tons of aircraft, Xu's share of the market is nearly 51%, and in the third and third places, Xu's share of the market is second. Three-firsts lead the launch of the four-bridge product stc350t, narrow body, two-tier legs, leading the performance industry, the China-China Federation is mainly a tri-bridge product, and the market is doing just the same, but its new four-bridge product ztc350h552 was delineated in January this year, with the product's capacity to lift up to 50 tons, with the maximum capacity of the main arm to lift up.
More than 10% of the heavyweight overpower, over 15-25% of the medium-long arm lift, and hundreds of them are now sold. 50, 55 tons of medium- and medium-technology spectra are the most complete, and market competitiveness is most pronounced, with China and China having lost 50 tons of machine type, which makes sales less than Xu and Trinity; 4) of 70-80 tons of machine type, the three main manufacturers are in balance.
Seventy-five tons of products are missing and 80 tons of six arms are being rolled out late. A 70-ton China-China-China-China-China-United States-based product has been significantly upgraded to an old 80-ton capacity, while a 70-ton six-arms-new product has been launched, with 80 tons of six arms-new product ztc800v6 being rolled out late at the latest, but with clear performance advantages.
In the past, there was a strong competitive advantage in the past 31 to 100-ton and above, and in recent years its focus has been more on small and medium-sized aircraft, and its market share has declined, and Xu has returned to first place in 18 years.
Xu and China have also lost some of their markets due to fewer models of foreign products than Xu and China.
Sale of different types of machines in 2018 (left axis: station) — ratio of sales of different types of machines (right axis: per cent) According to industry chain research, the garbing of the brand of automobile cranes by corporate clients takes into account, inter alia, the weighting of the product, the failure rate,
With regard to the residual value of the equipment, services, the price will not change unless the difference is particularly large, and the difference in the price of 3 to 5 million will often lead to a high degree of stickyness and loyalty on the vehicle crane clients. The weight performance will focus on indicators such as the tail turn radius, the smallest turn radius, the length of the arm, the weight of the lift, etc.; the failure rate for all three enterprises is roughly equal, with the size of the medium-sized ton compared to the imported vehicle.
High; equipment has a residual value of slightly higher costs than the Chinese Federation and Trinity at the time of purchase; services of the Chinese Federation and Trinity are relatively good in terms of services, but Trinity ' s spare parts are monopolized, the prices of spare parts are high, and the market for accessories of the Chinese Federation and Xu's is more generic, and in order to better understand the market development prospects of the various products of the Federation under different tonnages, further performance parameters for their products and Xuhu and Trinity are needed
A more detailed comparison is made, where other differences, such as failure rates, residual rates, are not significant, more highly performing products are favoured by customers, and sales and market shares increase further. Then, for example, 25 tons and 80 tons, the three main manufacturers are compared in full to the product performance parameters in order to find more competitive models.
With 25 tons of tail turn-back radius, high lifting capacity, and high user evaluation, sales are expected to continue in 19 years. An analysis of the performance of the three major manufacturers, 25 tons of three products, shows that the product of the Federation has an absolute advantage in the tail turn-back radius, and the smaller the radius, the smaller the construction of the product, the smaller it is, the smaller it is, the smaller it is, the smaller it is, the smaller it is, the smaller it is, the smaller it is, the smaller it is, the smaller it is, the smaller it is, the smaller it is, the smaller it is, the smaller it is, the smaller it is, the lower it is, the lower it is, the lower it is, the lower it is, the lower it is, the lower it is, the lower it is, the lower it is, the lower it is, the lower it is, the lower it is, the lower it is, the back.
The radius is only 3260 mm, which is significantly lower than the 3400 mm in Trinity and 3340 mm in Xu; it is better on the basic arm than on the weight-lifting function, with the mid- and long-arm close-kept hanger, and Xu slightly less than the middle-arm close-kilometer, which has the advantage of the maximum-arm close-knit hang-up performance. So, when the three products are of a different quality as a whole, the 25-ton product of the China-China association highlights their super-competitiveness.
An excellent reputation among users, coupled with a humanistic and intelligent design, will continue to attract the tonnage. The 80-ton 6 arm roll-out took place late, with a clear after-performance advantage.
In a large market environment for domestic cars, 70, 75, 80 tons of old products do not cover 100 tons of suspension operations, so the major manufacturers move the big tons of technology forward. Xu was the first to push 80 tons of six arms, its smaller size, its tight design, and a more sophisticated hanger capacity, with the disadvantage of using a k leg to cut its legs, and a half-stretch to weigh smaller than the h leg.
The number of accidents is higher. Three-eight-eight-tone-six arms follow. Five-and-six-tone arms are common, the basic arm is longest, the lifting performance is significantly better than Xu's, it is more stable, but its minimum turn is 24 m in diameter, higher than Xu's 20m, and it's less sexual than Xu's in a small space, and the leg is more H-typed. The 80-ton six-strength arm of the China-China Federation is launched at the latest, and the bottom five-and-six arms are common, but it's not as much as it is.
Its main arm, with a maximum of 58.5 m and a weight of 23 tons, is the highest of all three, with a clear post-performance advantage, and with the highest rating of its weighting by clients. With the release of 80 tons of 6 arms, the company’s competitive advantage in that tonnage will be further consolidated, and it will be able to squeeze down 75 tons of markets in the same time that the product is expected to double up its sales and market share in 19 years.
As a result of the analysis above, we know that China’s share of the market is expected to continue to rise over 19 years, while China’s share of 25, 70, and 80 tons of the stock of new products has continued to grow, while China’s share of new products has been substantially upgraded to ensure that there are two to three superiors in the same tonnage against competitors, and some of the new products have passed through.
With the advantage of 25 tons of products, it is expected that the market share of Xu's 20-25 tons will be hit in 2019. Thirty-five tons of Xujiang's new product has been on fire since this year, and 12 tons of Xinjiang's new product has not been sold at a high level for 18 years.
The company is already in the top three branches of the industry. The 4.0 belt, which is represented by zcc8800w, has been placed on the market, and the Zcc9800w tracked crane, which has a total combined capacity of 178 metres and a maximum lifting of 180 metres, refreshing the industry's super-extreme arm set, has been successfully re-engaging the V120-2.2mw wind engine unit, which has a fleet of 152 metres, recently installed in Jiangsuyang.
The new height of the electric hanger highlights the firm’s strong R & D power over large tons of products. The company’s share of the market is currently less than 20%, there is still a gap between the top two, and the market share will be much higher in the future.
4.1 In 2018, the size of new assembly buildings nationwide rose by 26.7 per cent to 9.1 per cent, representing the proportion of new construction of houses.
Long-term trends, with a combined increase of 84.6% and a rising penetration rate in 2012-2018, are still at a lower level than in developed countries such as the United States, Japan, and France. According to the Ministry of Housing's 13th Five-Five Building Action Plan, the proportion of state-wide assembly buildings in new construction by 2020 was more than 15%.
By more than 15%, the promotion of more than 10% in the regions is encouraged; according to the State Council's Executive Office's Policy on the Promotion of Sustainable and Healthy Development of the Construction Sector, the build-up bottlenecks have continued to be opened, and the momentum for the development of the assembly building has been strong. Provinces and municipalities and the Autonomous Communities have developed plans for the development of the assembly building based on the national assembly building documents, taking into account local realities, and most regions have set targets above 2020.
At the same time, local governments have put in place active industrial development incentives to promote an increase in the penetration of assembly buildings, including 10 incentives such as land support, fiscal subsidies, earmarked funds, tax incentives, etc. The cost of the pc structure is now higher than in the past.
With the strong support of policy subsidies, the rise in the level of technology management, and the scalability effect, the cost of assembly buildings and the advantage of the production cycle will gradually be reflected, and there will be a strong growth momentum in the future. Rapid developments in assembly buildings will result in structural changes in the demand for towers, with large mid-sized tonnages rising in demand.
Smaller steel bars, cement, bricks, etc., with low lifting strength and frequency, the towers used are typically in the range of 63-100 tons, in the assembly buildings, in addition to building materials, building parts, the transport of construction equipment, and in addition to prefabricated cranes and fittings, and the towers are used for long periods of time, thus significantly reducing the size of the effective areas covered and prefabricated units.
The rapid development of prefabricated structures, with a heavy weight of up to 7 t, up to about 2 t, up to about 5 t, up to about 8 t of prefabricated beams, and up to 200 t to 500 t of prefabricated poles, is expected to be suitable for a range of 200 t to 500 t. Most of the equipment in the market does not meet the lifting requirements and is currently estimated at around 25,000 units, so that the rapid development of the assembly building will result in significant demand for medium and large tonnage towers.
In order to understand the incremental requirements of towers resulting from assembly buildings, we assume the following and two different methods are used to measure: The average floor area = per capita housing area x household size x single-storey households, according to the statistics on residential area per capita published by the China Bureau of Statistics, in 2016 the per capita residential area was 40.8 m2, the per capita urban population 36.6 m2, and the rural population 36.6 m2
(b) Average layer size = average build-up rate/average construction density, calculated by the planned construction area and land area of the 100 largest cities in the country.
The average volume rate is about 2, based on the construction intensity indicators for each city, with an average building density of about 0.13 to 0.30, and an average construction density of 0.2, corresponding to an average layer of 10 floors.
1) On the basis of empirical data based on extensive construction experience, it generally takes 1.1 to 1.6 liftings per square metre of high-rise buildings, 50 to 75 liftings per unit, long-duration periods for assembly towers, and therefore we assume 1.6 liftings per square metre of assembly buildings, and 60 liftings per unit;
200 million m2 of single-storey buildings with an average building area of 1,000 m2 for a construction cycle of 6 days, with an average of 2 shifts per day, with 80 per cent effective utilization of the stations, and 560 m2 of single-storey towers = 560 x 1.6/(60 x 2 x 6 x 0.8) = 1.56:
Taking into account the transfer of towers in different projects, the demand for towers corresponding to the construction area of 100 million m2 = 10,000 x 1.56 (2 x 560 x 10) = 14,000.
In the case of the common 50-m tower machine, the maximum area covered by the theory is 3.14 x 50 x 50 = 7850 m2;
Based on land area = building area/volume ratio, corresponding land area per million m2 building area = 10,000/2 = 50 million m2, corresponding tower requirements of 5,000/(7850 x 0.4.4) = 16,000 units, which is largely in line with methodology 1, and based on the project presented at the assembly building development summit in Beguire in 2019, its total building area was 75,000 m2
Thirteen towers were suspended, and the project required 11 to 12 towers in accordance with the above-mentioned calculations, which further validates the methodology, and we therefore consider that there is a demand for 14,000 towers per billion m2 assembly area. Based on the above-mentioned assumption of new construction of houses, it is expected that there will be a shortfall in demand for some 70,000 medium-sized towers by 2025, on an average annual basis.
With the increase in prefabricated rates and the expansion of the range of applications of the assembly buildings, there will be greater real demand for the towers. 4.2 The demand for upgrading + the supply and demand gap for equipment drives the growth of the industry, the downside impact of the real estate sector has been limited.
It began with a massive expansion of production and a radical zero-sum marketing policy, with a sharp rise in sales of towers and an apparent oversupply of industrial capacity. After 2013, there was a steep drop in sales of towers, with only 7,000 in 2016, and the excess output of the industry fully digested. By 2017, the industry had recovered, with sales back to 11,000, and sales back to 13,000 in 2018.
Started to shrink, with about 360,000 holdings in 2018, with huge holdings leading to a steady release of new demand, a significant gap between the supply of towers and downstream demand, and a limited impact on the demand for newer properties. For 2009-2015, unit-owned tower holdings were between 0.50 and 0.55 units per 10,000 m2, with continued growth in downstream real estate investment and sales.
As a result of this downward trend, the margin began to decline significantly in 2016, further down to 0.44 per 10,000 m2, significantly below the reasonable level of 0.50 per 10,000 m2 or more. Assuming that real estate construction will remain at 2018 levels in the coming years, it will be removed from the assembly area and the theoretical need for about 390,000 towers will be measured, with a shortfall of about 30,000 currently in existence, even if the property has a small footprint.
Well, the impact on the industry ' s demand for renewal is also relatively limited. Figure 63. Ten-year holdings of the country ' s towers, 2007-2018
Ponsentonme’s utilization rate remained high, the rental price index continued to rise, confirming the industry’s continued buoyancy. From the data on the utilization rate of Tarcontonme, which had been disclosed by Pang, the impact of the removal of the spring factor has increased from 2016 to the present, almost monthly to the same year, with the utilization rate of 7.1.4 per cent by March 2019 and an increase of 2.8 pct by March 2019, which is an all-time high in the same period; and from the Ponsen rental market price index, it was established that
The reserve lease price continued to rise, rising from less than 1,000 in July 2016 to about 1,500 today; the tower and lease rates continued to rise, indicating a continued upward trend in downstream demand.
Figure 66. Ponse rental market price index continues to rise, 4.3 domestic towers are becoming more competitive, while overseas markets offer new opportunities for the development of the tower industry The competitiveness of domestic towers is increasing and the share of large-ton exports is increasing.
Enterprises represented by the China-China Federation, Xu, Young-moo, etc. have expanded their foreign markets, participated in the construction of the world’s major priorities, and offshore markets have played an increasingly important role in the sale of towers, which now account for more than 20% of total sales. Domestic tower exports have also gradually shifted from small and medium towers to larger towers, such as 6 120-ton walk towers in Kuwait and 10 in Singapore.
t1200-64w towers, nearly 20 Singapore 1330-1630 tons of large towers exported by Young-moo, and the largest Chinese-exported ton-top towers in South America xgt8075-40 in Xu, late September 1818, show that the competitiveness of domestic towers is increasing, and that the towers account for an increasing share of exports, as reflected in the constant vibration of export unit prices.
It is anticipated that overseas markets will be an important way for businesses to do a great deal in the future.
South-East Asia, South Korea, India, and the United Arab Emirates are the hot spots for exports. Six countries in South-East Asia, Viet Nam, Malaysia, Indonesia, the Philippines, Singapore, and Thailand, have been among the top 10 exporters, playing a huge role in our export markets.
Key players: South-East Asia accounted for 29.0 per cent/33.8 per cent/29.7 per cent of exports in 2015-2017 and 34.9 per cent/34.4 per cent/28.9 per cent, respectively, and accounted for about one third of the export market, with South-East Asia ' s construction investment having a strong impact on export demand. South-East Asia benefited from the recovery in construction, with Korea ' s tower market sales strong, with South Korea ' s second consecutive year selling in 2016-2017.
First, the volume and value of exports began to fall sharply in 2017, and the construction industry in Korea turned negative in 2018, and there is little room for growth in the future. Meanwhile, exports to the United Arab Emirates and India began to grow significantly in 2017.
Second, after Korea, the World Expo 2020 promoted the construction of local subways, malls, and other infrastructure projects, bringing about a recovery in the tower market; India, which ranked sixth in export volume, grew at the highest rate of 220%. India, one of the fastest-growing countries in the world, has a large gdp base and a stable growing population, with huge capacity in the construction market.
The Ministry began to invest more heavily in construction, launched a priority infrastructure investment project in 2015-2016, and made a huge budget to invest $1 trillion in infrastructure development over the period 2012-2017. Rapid growth in the construction sector has led to the demand for towers, and India and South-East Asia will be the main focus of the overseas market. In India, the gdp reached $2.7 trillion in 2018, an increase of 7.1 per cent.
The seventh largest economy in the world, with the highest economic growth rate in the top ten, Imf projected an increase in India ' s gdp between 7.3 and 7.7 per cent between 2019 and 2022, while India ' s construction industry is lagging behind. The Government plans to address the housing problem comprehensively by 2022 and will accelerate the construction of infrastructure such as airports, ports, railways, roads, etc., which will generate huge tower demand in the future; South-East Asia also has a large and stable economy.
Gdp grew at a rate of over $2.8 trillion, or about 5%, and the countries of South-East Asia, currently represented by Viet Nam, are attracting industrial transfers with cost advantages, leading to higher future demand for construction, and hence higher demand for towers. Figure 70. India’s construction industry, gdp, continues to grow at a higher rate.
Figure 71. South-East Asian construction industry gdp has been growing steadily, with the expansion of infrastructure and equipment enterprises in overseas markets gradually moving forward rapidly and in the long run, and the country's excellent towers are expected to receive market dividends, combining export-focused markets, and we believe that overseas markets will be brought every year over the next two to three years.
Taking into account the demand for medium-sized and large towers from assembly buildings, the normal upgrading of towers and overseas export requirements, we expect sales of 3.5/455/58 million towers in 2019-2021 respectively.
In 2018, there were nearly 400 tower producers in the country, with a marked increase in industry concentration over the past decade. There were more enterprises with towers in the country, with more than 280 in 2010 and a surge of nearly 600 in 2014, and with the decline in industry, some small towers were phased out. By 2018, there were still nearly 400, most of them qtz63 or more, producing medium-sized towers.
Since 2008, there has been a marked increase in the concentration of the tower industry, which in 2008 stood at 38%, to the rapid development of assembly buildings + the tightening of environmental policies + the increase in the concentration of downstream renters will accelerate the baptism of the towers.
Access barriers, the technical and financial strength of some small towers producing enterprises that are unable to provide such products, will accelerate the phase-out of small and medium-sized plants as the penetration rate of the assembly buildings rises; the production of towers has more welding and coating processes, small producers are unable to meet tighter environmental standards, and more enterprises will be shut down for environmental reasons; and, from the perspective of downstream leasingers, the number of leasing companies is from 2014 onwards.
With the reduction of 12,000 to around 7,000 in 2018 and a marked increase in concentration, the remaining large and medium-sized leasing firms are more focused on product quality and safety, low product failure rates for branded companies, better quality, increased competitiveness of leasing companies, and will further boost the concentration of the towering manufacturing industry, with the potential to increase the market share of leading enterprises led by China.
4.5 As a global starship leading company, in 19 it opened a multibillion-dollar new race, with a global leader in the country, whose leading position is unshakeable. The Federation has more than 60 years of research and development experience in the field of towers, with a mega series of d2500 and d1500 aircraft, and in 2011 it bought out the entire technology and whole of the German jost towers.
In order to capture the market demand for assembly buildings, the company has a well-structured 4.0-top machine product, with a capacity of 6-60 tons, with a wide range of pc products ranging from 6513-6, 7070, 7530, 8040 and 12005. In 2018, global tower manufacturers made the top 10 rankings, China Federation, Xu-Tun, etc.
In 2018, three Chinese companies, including Young-moo, came to the fore, after Manitovak-Potam and Liebhaire, and were locked in the position of the head of the domestic tower. In 2018, the company sold more than 4,000 towers, with a market share of about 37%, three times the size of the country’s second Xu worker, and the company had an absolute competitive advantage in the domestic market.
As a leader, China has stepped up its research and development efforts on the super-larger, constantly breaking technical bottlenecks, and autonomously developed the world’s largest inner-crowded-barrelled-barrel machine.
The world’s largest tower smart plant opened in 19 and China’s largest towers opened a billion-dollar expedition. On January 11, 2019, the world’s largest towers were launched.
The Quasi Plant - Central Heavy Kota Smart Plant, built at 4.0 standards in German industry, is the only one in the world to integrate applied intelligence testing, smart production lines, intelligent logistics, smart detection techniques, and the most advanced, efficient and environmentally friendly tower-building plant in the world, with 12 automated production lines, more than 10,000 sensors, more than 100 industrial robots, etc.
An average of 10 minutes of output, a standard section 1, produces a crane arm every 90 minutes, with a capacity of 10,000 units per postnatal year and a value of about 10 billion yuan. The company’s towers currently produce 900 million dollars per month, receive about 900 million dollars per quarter, remain largely fully operational from the second quarter, and are expected to reach about 8.5 billion in 19 years.
5 Agricultural machinery is expected to lose, focusing on the development of new industries such as high-altitude platforms and excavators 5.1 agro-mechanical industries moving from speed to quality, and companies accelerating the landing of intelligent agriculture.
Ten years have passed since the gold market in the country, and the industry will move from a speed-type to a quality-based one. As a result of the policy of subsidizing the purchase of agricultural machines, in 2004 the agricultural industry began to grow from 50 billion to nearly 500 billion.
The return period has been greatly prolonged, the demand in the industry has slowed significantly, and the agro-mechanical sector has begun to shift from a speed to a quality model.
,say,say,say,say,say,say,say,say — Central agricultural machine subsidy amounts (billions)
Demand presents a clear structural feature: one is a serious problem of overcapacity in traditional agricultural machines, such as tractors and harvesters, and the market is declining and will continue to adjust in depth in the future; the other is a machine that is plugged in, a cotton harvester, a peanut harvester, a dryer, a voltage machine, etc. In the field of arming short plates, market demand is stronger; and the third is from crop varieties, although wheat, rice and maize production are basic.
Mechanized farming, but the level of integrated mechanization of other crops, such as oilseeds, peanuts, cotton, remains low; fourth, the agro-industrial sector has adjusted to push market efficiency, farm machine intelligence, informatization, a clear trend towards automation, and a promising market for high-end agro-mechanical products.
Mechanization rates for the harvests, oilseeds and harvests, cotton harvests, etc., have increased significantly, rice production rates have increased from 31.7 per cent in 2012 and are still low in terms of mechanization of major crop mechanizations, field management, etc. There is also room for significant improvement in other crops, such as oilseeds, cotton, potatoes, and so forth, and there will be a large demand for equipment in these areas in the future.
Figure 78. Possession of our combined harvesters and large- and medium-sized tractors
The combined harvester (in thousands of units) takes the example of harvests, the different mechanizations between different crops, and will show different trends in the future, leading to different market demands for the corresponding harvester. The combined rice harvesters reached 1,318,000 units in 2015, and the mechanization of the rice harvest is already based.
Ben completed, with a large excess capacity, the maize harvester, which stood at 421,000 in 2015, has grown considerably over the past few years. In comparison with the area of rice sowing and rice sowing, there will be some additional demand for maize harvesting machines, with less than 50 per cent of crop mechanization in general, such as soybeans, potatoes, oilseeds, cotton, etc., and there will be more room for future growth in the relevant harvest mechanical products.
It is expected that growth will continue at a high rate in the coming years.
Domestic agro-mechanical markets are low in concentration, and industry shuffling will continue to deepen. From the global market, the Euro-American region has formed five major agro-mechanical groups, such as John Dill, Kay Snoll Holland, Eko, and Japan has formed four large agro-mechanical producers, led by Kuboda, with a global market of over 70% of the world’s five agro-mechanics, but the country’s industrial structure is fragmented and fragmented, large firms are not strong, small businesses are not specialized.
The number of enterprises above the size of the industry has increased from more than 2,500 in previous years to more than 2,500 in previous years, with low levels of repeat manufacturing, high-technology large and medium-sized products more dependent on imports, and there is a large gap between the quality, stability, and other aspects of domestic products as compared to foreign brands. After almost 20 years of concentration in the baptism market, the country’s agro-industrial sector has increased its concentration, with more than 30 per cent and 40 per cent of the income from the main business of Cr10 and Cr50 now running in the country.
But market concentration is still relatively low compared to Europe and America and Japan. We believe that the agro-mechanical industry will be shuffling for a longer time to come.
In 19 years, the company’s agro-mechanical operations are expected to be significantly reduced. The company owns a full spectrum of agro-mechanical products, covering all agricultural production such as land cultivation, cultivation, field management, harvesting, drying, scavenging, etc.
The process, with a strong domestic market advantage, the dryer domestic market has been the champion of sales for many years, and the wheat machine and sugar cane product markets are the second largest in the industry. The company’s agricultural machinery harvest began to fall sharply in 17 years, and the Māori rate has continued to decline, with harvests and Māori rates in 2018 amounting to $1.480 billion, 6.9%, respectively, while focusing on niche operations, the company will continue to push for product restructuring and technological upgrading.
The sale of cash crop agricultural machinery, the acceleration of the use of artificial intelligence in agricultural machinery, the expected harvest of $1.52 billion in 19 years, and the sharp decline in the company ' s agricultural machinery harvest over the last two years
5.2 The high-altitude platform has a large market space, with the China-China Federation promising to become a black industrial horse with a steady increase in global awp demand and a low penetration rate in the domestic market. Global awp growth is stable, driven by growth in global construction output, rising industry penetration and renewed demand, and terex is expected to maintain a compound growth rate of 7.4 per cent over the next five years.
Awp has about 95,000 units, which is a big difference from the 600,000 in the United States and 300,000 in 10 European countries. In terms of per capita protection, China has only 0.7 units per 10,000, far below the 18.2 in the United States and 82 in 10 European countries, and the ratio of value added per billion in construction is significantly lower than in Europe and America, so domestic penetration of the awp market will be driven by safety, economy and efficiency.
Figure 87. Domestic penetration of awp remains low
Two giants, jlg and terex, are far ahead of the world, domestic brands and star States are growing rapidly. According to Access International, the "Global High-Air Platforms 20, 2018" list, the two giants, jlg and terex, continue to be huge leaders, the country’s product boards and star States are growing rapidly, and the country’s awp is ranked first in the top 10 years of the world.
Awp has a high global concentration and a unclear pattern of competition among national product plates. In 2018, the top five registered a combined total of $10.25 billion, or 68.9 per cent of the top 20; and the top 50 and top renters have retained equipment in 2018.
Of the 706,000, an increase of 9.4% over the same period, cr5 had 325,000 equipment holdings, and cr10 had 4.03 million equipment holdings, or 46.0% and 61.4% respectively, so the global market concentration of awp is higher. In addition to the power of the national product plate, a large number of companies, including Starbucks, Bao, Xu, Willows, and China Federation, have also increased their R & D and market expansion in recent years, and the advantages among brands are not evident.
About 70% of the company’s equipment is under 100 units, with low concentration, and as the market size expands, there will be many more traditional manufacturing firms coming into the industry, and there will be significant variations in competition between national product plates.
Figure 90. Global ownership of awp leasing companies with a longer penetration cycle, with a less pronounced pre-existing advantage among domestic brands, China is expected to become a black horse in the industry. In terms of Japan’s annual high-altitude operational level output, its penetration cycle is longer than 10 years, and the awp penetration rate rises with the decline in the number of people in the construction industry.
The rise in wages is not a short-term boost to the outbreak of market demand. China-China has completed a series of research and development to reduce the fork, with capacity of 12,000 units per year, with arm-size production starting in May, currently ordering over $300 million, with long arms leading in the field of concrete and lifting equipment, design and manufacturing experience, the company will be more competitive in high-altitude platforms, and its lithium-ion batteries will be cut fork high-altitude operations.
Since its launch in April, the platform has accumulated hundreds of sales in less than two months, with equipment operating in a safe and stable manner, with outstanding performance, and with unanimous approval from its clients. Thus, the pre-brand advantage of an industry that has a brand in place will gradually weaken over a longer penetration cycle, and the Federation is expected to rely on its strong manufacturing capacity for product development, timely customer responsiveness, etc., to become a black horse in the country’s avp field.
5.3 The excavator is beginning to function and is expected to reach close to 3,000 sales in 19 years The excavator market is large, and channel extension plus product performance is expected to boost company sales significantly. The excavator market is large, with 203,000 sales in 2018, an increase of 45.0 per cent, and 10.3 million sales in January-April 2019, an increase of 19.1 per cent, although the excavator is the same.
In the latter part of the industry, there is still a large market space every year. The company sells about 1,000 machines, the products are concentrated in 15-36 tons of medium- and large-scale digs, and this year it will launch new small digs, such as ze60e-10, launched in the first half of the year, with major performance parameters reaching the industry average of 13% of the competition, maximum pull over 15% of the competition, and a high shovel excavator.
Each year, the company will focus on the expansion of distribution channels and the improvement of product performance, with Māori rates expected to be below industry averages, and the Division will achieve 3,000 sales throughout the year, estimated at an average unit cost of 500,000 units per unit, which will result in an increase in the company’s performance of $1.5 billion.
Concrete machinery will continue to be high for the next three years, with cars cranes reaching their peaks in 19 years, and future climate cycles will continue depending on the strength of capital investments, the start of a new climate cycle in assembly buildings and the upgrading of the towers, the company concrete machinery, the first two in the auto crane industry, the top two in the tower industry, the rising market share and the high level of certainty that companies are expected to grow.
6.2 The value of comparable companies for engineering machinery is currently below the industry average, taking into account the value of comparable companies for domestic engineering machinery and the growth of the company, first (1) the industry of engineering machinery is not as good as expected. The industry has been growing for 34 consecutive months since the end of July 2016 and is digging in May.
Excavator sales data are beginning to turn into negative growth, and future industry climate cycles are likely to fall short of expectations. 2) With the recovery of the industry in the last two years, some new entrants have begun to enter the market, there has been a marked increase in market participants in major engineering machinery products such as excavators, concrete machines, cranes, etc., and leading domestic producers have been selling prices at different levels for 19 years.
There is a risk of malign price competition in the future. 3) Investments in infrastructure and real estate are significantly below expectations. The demand for upgrading engineering machinery is now at an advanced stage, future sales are more dependent on capital and property investment, and a sharp drop in capital and real estate investment will significantly curb the demand for engineering machinery.
Statement of income and expenditure (millions of yuan)