Tungway shares (600438) Prices are at the bottom, cost quality competition highlights 24/05/2024.
Koo Ya-man, research assistant, Xu Xiao Xiao, started the agriculture industry, and worked deep in the open. The company was founded in 1995 and worked early on on forage processing.
In agriculture, the company’s main business is research and production of products such as aqueous materials, animal feed, etc.; in new energy sources, the research and development, production and marketing of products such as high-purity silicon, solar batteries, and components, etc.; and in integrated applications, the size of the company’s focus
The company sold about 387,000 tons of silicon in 2023. The company now has a capacity of 450,000 tons of silicon, and the next 200,000 tons of silicon will be put into production in q2.
In April of that year, N-types accounted for more than 90% of the ratio and now cost less than 40,000; they are expected to deliver 400,000 tons in 24 years; and silicon cost quality competition has intensified, with a strong leader position.
2024o1 was affected by price fluctuations +p-type modifications, which resulted in the delivery of about 16gw, of which tnc was about 7.9gw. Company output efficiency at the end of tnc at the end of 2024o1 was 23.26%, non-silicon was reduced by 0.16 yuan/w, with significant efficiency and cost increases. Synchronization of perc upgrades and new tnc is projected for 2024
Some 38gwperc capacity improvements will be completed and 16+25gwtnc battery capacity added to the brow hill and double stream, with an expected tnc battery capacity of more than 100gw at the end of 24th year, with a high volume of product structure maintenance and component delivery, increasing overseas layout. The company sold its components in 2023 by about 31gw, corresponding to an increase of 292 per cent;
50gw+ expected to be delivered throughout the year, and component operations continued to grow.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on increased industry competition, full-chain profit under pressure, price held in Tonway Stock (600438), mid-2023
We maintain a “buy-in” rating, with strong leadership and further expansion of the external market configuration.
Agriculture and new energy sources form the business model of “agriculture (fishing) plus photovoltaic” resource integration and co-development. The company was established in 1995 and was involved in the feed processing industry at an early stage, and was listed in 2004.
1.2. In agriculture, the company’s main business is the research, production and marketing of products such as aquatic feed, animal feed, etc.
Among them, aquatic feed has been the company’s nuclear feed business’s molecular company, which uses local production to establish a business model of perimeter sales coverage, and provides useful technical, financial and other support services to farmers. The company also actively operates the feed main business, which includes breeding, breeding, raising, etc.
With regard to new energy sources, companies focus on the development, production, and marketing of products such as high-purity silicon, solar cells, and components. By the end of 2023, companies had produced 450,000 tons of high-purity silicon annual production capacity and 95gw solar cell capacity.
In the case of high-purity silicon operations, the company’s production base is located in Leisan, Head, and Baoshan, and the main factors of production are in close proximity, with the product clientele mainly in downstream silicon enterprises. In order to guarantee long-term stability of sales, the company has worked with downstream silicon companies in recent years on long-sale sales; in the case of solar cell operations, the production base is in two streams.
The company, based on market demand, combines production with production-line structures, and sells products to domestic and international companies with photovoltaic components, in addition to meeting the production needs of their own components. Thanks to leading technology, quality, and cost advantages, the company’s main clients cover the top 10 photovoltaic components globally, maintaining industry leadership over the long term;
On the other hand, with the accumulation of component technologies and markets over the years, combined with the synergies of high-purity silicon and solar cells upstream, the company has established a competitive system of operations for large-scale components that provide high-quality tweak component products to all types of customers, globally concentrated and distributed, and which cover over 40 major domestic companies and overseas.
At the integrated application end, the company focuses on the development and construction of a scale “fishing as one” base, focusing on the development of a “fish as one” model with a nuclear competitive advantage and a “light as one” model for eco-culture + green energy, and strengthening industrial synergies. By screening quality water resources and ensuring electricity consumption, the company explores new aquaculture models and constantly promotes “fish as one”
In 2023, the global economy recovered slowly, with the same rate of growth falling. The world situation remains critical, with major economies such as the US and Europe maintaining tight monetary policies, financial market shocks, continuing and worsening geopolitical conflicts, and manufacturing landscapes.
At the bottom of the line, the growth of international trade has been weak, economic recovery has been marked by regional polarization, and the energy crisis, food security, and warming are still the main problems facing the world today. Our economy is still in a phase of energy conversion, characterized by wave-like development and inverted progress, with gdp reaching more than 126 trillion yuan in 2023, an increase of 5.2%.
Continuing at the forefront of the world's leading economies, the contribution to global economic growth is expected to exceed 30 per cent, with exports of “new three types” of products, represented by electric-powered manned cars, lithium ion batteries and solar cells, also breaking the trillion dollar mark for the first time, with 29.9 per cent growth in the same year.
The company's photovoltaic industry continues to grow at a high rate, but the price of the industrial chain has fallen significantly as a result of the massive release of the supply: the feed industry has become distinctly fragmented, animal feed has contributed to the major increase in the industry, and the production of aquatic feed has fallen significantly as a result of low end demand.
Against the backdrop of challenges and pressures, the firm has focused on the two main industries of “PV+A” and has continued to promote the consolidation of core competitiveness in terms of technology, quality, size, cost, etc., and has generally achieved good business results. The year began with an increase of 2,487 million yuan, and the number of working days in accounts receivable rose by 5.4 to 14.87 days.
2. Silicon materials have accelerated to the bottom, cost quality competition has been highlighted; benefits are expected to reach 400,000 tons over 24 years; and silicon cost quality competition has intensified and leads have been strong.
The company sold about 81gw in 2023, an increase of 68 per cent; 2024q1 was affected by price fluctuations +p modifications, and delivered about 16gw, of which tnc was about 7.9gw. The company produced 23.26 per cent tnc batteries at the end of 2024q1, non-silicon vehicles will complete the conversion of about 38gwperc capacity and add 16+25gwtnc battery capacity to the brow hill and double currents.
By the end of 24th year, the tnc battery could produce more than 100gw, keeping the production structure ahead. 4. The components have increased their output, increased their overseas layout, and their position is strong, the overseas market has been further expanded, and we maintain a “buy-in” rating.
(1) Policies are not as predictable as they are. Future policy trends have a greater impact on the profitability of the industry and on corporate performance. (2) Competition increases.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.