Performance phase pressure, silicon cost advantage 30 \triangleright 2024
In 23 years, the company sold 38,72 million tons of high-purity crystal silicon, an increase of 50.79 per cent over the same year, with global cities accounting for more than 25 per cent. The company has steadily advanced its multi-crysilica capacity expansion, currently producing 450,000 tons of capacity, and is expected to produce 200,000 tons of capacity in Yunnan in 24q2 and 24q3 in 24q3.
At the same time, the company continues to optimize the quality and cost of the product, which now accounts for more than 90% of monthly output of type N products and can be used for half.
1,000 tons/year of electronic-grade multi-crystal silicon products from the industry were successfully validated by domestic and foreign customers and delivered to the sea at Jubai Nora; the average production cost was reduced to within $42,000/ton over 23 years, with a significant lead industry average of water
Ping, a single-ton net profit of more than $45,000 was achieved under the shock of a sharp fall in product prices in 2023. Battery: first-in-out, model n has a strong advantage.
With 68.11% growth in the same year, seven years in a row infolinkconsulting solar power pools are the world's largest. Company tnc batteries are the lead in efficiency and cost, and the latest output is the average conversion efficiency of Lee Hyo Peng.
By 26.26%, the component products will have increased their power by more than 30w relative to the traditional perc dual-face components, with single voltage and electricity increasing by 3-5%, and the non-silicon cost will have fallen to 0.16 yuan/w. The company will simultaneously advance the inventory perc capacity upgrading and tnc new capacity building and is expected to gradually complete approximately 38gwperc production over 24 years.
In addition, the company has continued to increase its support to its research assistant, Lin Yue.
(a) The development of cutting-edge technologies such as hjt, back contact batteries, silicon ore/silicon folding batteries. Component: fast-growing, delivery into the top five of the world. 23 years of sales of corporate components increased by 292.08 per cent compared to the first five years of the world (infolinkconsulting data).
The product matrix is rich and includes the tpc, tnc, thc, etc., differential battery technology routes and diversification component technology 1. Tungwee shares (600438.sh) 3-quarter 2023 reports: silicon cost advantages are significant, n-type integrated production is stable
Review: The volume of shipments has increased steadily, the capacity of the plus integrated production has been strengthened, the advantages of battery products are evident and the component business is expected to develop rapidly, maintaining a “recommended” rating. \triangleright
Quarterly reviews: 22 years of high performance, entry components plus fast-track integration layout - 2023/04/26 4. 3-quarter report points 2022 with Tungwei shares (600438.sh)
Evaluation: strong growth in performance, strong leadership in integration; assessment: strong leadership, endlessly good outlook, 2022/The methodology and analytical logic leading to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by the researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, civil security GmbH (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) with CSRC's licensing qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations, either for, or for the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.