Ultraviolet (002049.sz) Electronic integrated circuit iiii new product certification smooth + stock buyback, long-term configuration value highlighted
Events: On March 29, 2023, the company published its annual report 2022, and in 2022, the company managed to respond positively to risk challenges and to operate smoothly through the industry cycle. In 2022, the company overcomes adverse factors such as the supply chain, achieves sustained growth under a higher base, and the company ' s size and value-creation capacity continues to grow.
The main business indicators, such as business earnings and net profits, are re-innovated. In 2022, net operating income was realized, which is $6,804 million, or 95.57 per cent of the company's operating income, while electronic components generated $287 million, or 4.04 per cent of the company's operating income.
In 2022, special integrated circuit products received $4,725 million, an increase of 40.42 per cent over the previous year, representing 66.36 per cent of operating income and 73.92 per cent of Maori.
The demand for products continues to grow rapidly, orders continue to grow, and the volume of products coming out continues to grow. Companies have built up a structured competitive advantage in terms of R & D capabilities, Lee Hongtao core technology, supply chains, and customer resources.
The design, validation and testing platform for the single piece and component bus products was established with the design, command set design and implementation technology of microprocessors, the company's special integrated circuit products entered the c919 major passenger aircraft supply chain, and the new high-performance fpga products are in the roll-out phase and are in the lead in the country.
In the area of analogue products, companies provide users with a comprehensive set of secondary-source solutions through the serialization of individual power sources, power modules and appliance products. The market share is expanding rapidly.
Products such as mcu, imageai smart chip, digital signal processor dsp, etc. are about to be developed into the company’s future series of specialized processor products.
Operations, which adjusted the transferable fund-raising investment to the original "New High-end Safety Series Chips", "Carborne Control Chips" projects, to "High-Range Radio-Range Moder series chips and associated clock series chips" and "New High-performance Video Processor" series chips; part of the newly implemented project has been implemented and related work is ongoing.
The new special integrated circuit fund-raising project is Māori and efficient. With the completion of the project, the high-speed radio frequency project is expected to generate $175 million in operating income, with a total annual profit of $988.9 million. The high-performance video services project is expected to produce 40,000 4k high-performance multinuclear video processors and 45,000 4k high per year.
Undervalued market value, the company's overall upward trend has remained unchanged. The company's net return to its mother in 2022 was 2,632 million yuan, the son's purple light co-owned the shareholder's interest in 2022 was 1,512 million yuan and the net profit was 351 million yuan with the specials.
The number of orders for integrated circuit operations has continued to increase, high-speed radio frequency adc, and new products for the new isolation chip have been successfully tested and will generate a continuous harvest for the company over the next two years, targeting military workers in the business, electronic listing companies, reciprocating microelectricity (pettm49.4), circuit technology (pettm46.9), technologies (pettm19.5) and macro.
Incentives for equity buy-backs. Companies are in a fast-growing phase, with high growth in the size of their operations, while companies are continuing to increase their R & D inputs, by 44.32% over the same period the previous year, considering the need for future business development finance, and increasing their resilience to risk, and they have decided to spend no less than RMB 300 million of their undistributed profits in 2022.
The return of shares will boost the company’s stock market price to match its intrinsic value, boost the company’s market confidence while the company makes clear that the return of the shares will be used for future equity incentives or employee holding schemes, which will facilitate the motivation and acquisition of the cadres.
To improve business performance and promote long-term corporate development. Investment proposal: We believe that companies will remain more growing in the long term.