Special i.c., the sustained roll-out of new product-driven performance growth $2.63 billion, or +34.7 per cent, of the net profit of the mother; $2.46 billion, or $2.46 billion, of the net profit of the non-mother, of the business of special i.c. and smart i.e. the main driving force for the high growth of the company's performance.
\triangleright ic orders and shipments continued to grow, reaching $4.725 billion in 2022, or +40.42%, and 66.36%. At the same time, corporate smart security chips went overseas in 2022.
In the case of specialics, the new generation of fpga, special storage, mcu, imageai smart chips, dsp, etc. are about to be completed and launched, and high-speed radio frequency adc, new isolation chips, etc. are already in the promotion phase;
In terms of safety chips, companies continue to expand their industrial markets in a number of areas, such as finance, telecommunications, identification, and access to the Internet, and their earnings from overseas markets are increasing; in the case of crystals, companies promote technology for manufacturing products such as miniaturization, high frequency, high accuracy, and expand their network communications and industrial controls.
In 2022, the company invested $1.21 billion in research and development, i.e. +91.6 per cent, to guarantee the continued roll-out of new products.
The fpga product provides arithmetical support to ai, which increases the speed of release during the wave. Compared to cpu and gpu, fpga has advantages in terms of flexibility, power and time delay and is able to reach the level of gflops at lower capacity, and its properties are better suited to ai.
We believe that this will provide the firm with a strong ability to compete in the ai area and occupy a place in the ai era. We look forward to the company’s continued expansion in the ai area, as the ai is used in multiple scenarios.
With the resulting growth in demand for arithmetic chips, the company’s business is expected to create yet another growth curve.
The field layout expands the growth space.
Mowenwoo, Graduated from Florida University, University of the United States, Master of Electronic Engineering, took office in August 2012-2022 in the Yangtze Securities Research Group, then joined the Sunda Securities Electronics Group in November 2022.
Consumer electronics, car electronics, etc. B. Research is directed towards semiconductor equipment, semiconductor materials, integrated circuit designs. Components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to specific analytical observations or observations in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.