3x1 (600031) Mechanical equipment, engineering and machinery, with strong growth momentum, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Summary of performance: corporate business income of 55.820 billion yuan in 2018, an increase of 45.6 per cent in the same year; net profit return of 6.12 billion yuan, an increase of 192.3 per cent in the same year; Māori rate of 30.6 per cent, a ratio of +0.55 pp, a net interest rate of 11.3 per cent, with a strong engine of engineering and machinery growth.
The growth in demand for equipment renewal and the effects of artificial substitution, the high profile of the engineering and machinery industry, the efficiency of cost control as the industry's leader, the acceleration of the turnover of accounts and the improvement in the quality of assets. To benefit from the improved quality of operations, the company's profitability has increased significantly. The company's combined Māori rate is 30.6 per cent, compared to 0.55 pp, and the product ' s Māori rate is 31.12 per cent.
The internationalization strategy has continued, with rapid growth in overseas operations. Corporate-led products have become internationally competitive, and sales in major regions abroad have grown rapidly. In 2018, overseas operations together generated 13.36 billion yuan, a “one-way” opportunity, a strong push for internationalization strategies, a marked rise in overseas market status, and a dominant product extraction.
The market share has increased considerably as overseas sales have grown. As the company’s responsiveness and service capacity have increased, the distribution system has been further improved and can grow in the future.1 Engineering machinery leads, with strong growth momentum
Companies are one of the world’s leading equipment manufacturers. Companies are mainly involved in the development, manufacture, marketing, and servicing of engineering machinery. Companies’ products include concrete machinery, excavator machinery, crane machinery, pyrotechnic machinery, road construction machinery.
After many years of development, corporate dominance is also more competitive globally. The company is private, and Mr. Liang is the firm’s real controller, holding 24.8% of the workforce indirectly and directly through the tri-group three-and-a-half.
Prior to 2010, the company ' s revenues were mainly from concrete machinery and road machinery, and after 2010, as the group injected assets such as excavators and car cranes, the company gradually formed five major operations: concrete machinery, surface machinery, crane machinery, excavating machinery, stench machinery and machinery, and became a manufacturer of engineering machinery for the integrated development of multi-product lines.
One billion (+78.3 per cent) and 4.69 billion (+61.0 per cent) in the sale of plant machinery. The combined contribution of excavators, concrete machines and cranes exceeds 80 per cent of the company’s operating income and is an important product.
Investment in assets continued to grow, leading to rapid growth in the engineering and machinery industry in 2009 - 2011. As policy influence weakened, housing regulation and high base, the industry moved into almost five years of adjustment.
In 2018, the company launched a series of h-triggers, with the highest performance in the industry in the worst operating environment, such as large-scale industrial mining.
In the future, companies will continue to invest in innovation in product R & D. In the future, companies will continue to do so. 2 Profit increases are significant, progressing well overseas, cost controls are working, and profits are improving.
The combined Māori rate is 30.6%, compared to +0.55 pp, and the product rate is 31.12%, compared to +1.00 pp, with a net interest rate of 11.3%, and +5.5 pp. Corporate cost control is good, with a combined reduction of 5.0 pp for three rates, of which the sales cost rate, management cost rate, large, the company fee rate will continue its downward trend and the net interest rate will rise further.
Improved liquidity and asset quality. Firmly smart information transformation strategies for companies, fully advanced digitization and intelligence, including marketing services, R & D, supply chains, finance, etc., and promoted plm (research and development information), crm (market information), scm (storage integration), gsp (supplier management information), digitization of manufacturing equipment.
In addition to improving the efficiency of the company’s operations, it has also made it possible to establish four main areas of production, marketing, use and maintenance, to improve the knowledge of designers about the use of products, and thus to design new products that are better suited to market demand, to improve the competitiveness of products and to increase per capita output. During the reporting period, production per capita reached 3 million.
As a result of the increase in sales returns, operating cash flows amounted to $10.5 billion, an increase of 23 per cent over the previous decade, up from nearly a decade.
Year after year, overseas markets achieved revenues of 13.36 billion yuan, a 17.3 per cent increase over the same year, and accelerated in the second half, with revenues of 7.540 billion dollars, a 29.5 per cent increase over the same year. The quality of the company's products has been catching up with overseas firms, with high value for money and good quality of services. The company seized the opportunity of “one-way” and firmly pursued its internationalization strategy, with a marked increase in the position of overseas markets, leading to the overseas sale of products by diggers.
So far, Trio has invested in building engineering and machinery production bases in India, the United States, Germany, and Brazil, and has acquired 90% of Germany’s Purtzmeister shares. The company has completed the layout of the global production and distribution network, and the manufacturing and marketing system is basically in shape.
A well-developed vendor system is expected to generate more revenue in the future. Figure 16: Corporate income from overseas operations (billions) and growth rates are expected to pick up capital construction in 2019, facilitate the sale of engineering machinery, and increase sales in the excavator industry by 10%.
The cranes, concrete machines, which benefit from infrastructure recovery, the need to update the demand cycle and the country’s three vehicle phase-out, are expected to sustain better sales data over the next three years. Companies, as industry leaders, continue to increase their competitiveness, new products are being introduced, and the city’s share continues to rise.
As of 2 April 2019, this compares to 12 times as much as 2019pe. We believe that, compared to comparable companies, downstream infrastructure is growing at a slower rate than expected, with less or less product sales, overseas operating risks, and exchange rate risks.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.