Income-side growth has been rapid, stock turnover has accelerated and the climate has continued to improve - Tri-season report reviews, I. Summary of events: Tri-season reports, net return profit of $467 million in the first three quarters.
The increase in operating income of $710 million, $860 million, $960 million, 27 per cent, 28 per cent, and 15 per cent, respectively; the decline in income and q2 was mainly higher than in the last three quarters. Last year’s acceleration in income began in the third quarter, mainly because the sales team was set up to scale up its product, boost sales, and last year q1 returned to production.
The increase in the unit’s ratio to the depth of 300 is masked by the rise in raw materials and labour costs. It is also likely to be associated with a higher sales ratio of lower Maori brands.
And the quarterly stock turnover rate is of some relevance, with the stock turnover of 2019q3 being 396 days and 375 days in the previous six months, the slurry and product turnover accelerating and the industry’s climate continuously rising.
The three-quarter turnaround is likely to be due to a reduction in product stocks, an acceleration in turnover, and a more realistic reflection of the current industry landscape following the normal issuance of batches. Slurry growth is safe, growth paths are clear, growth is certain.
The station was approved (one of which was newly approved in September in Lanzhou County) and Yunnan slurry station has just been released, and the existing slurry station is still expected to have about 10% of the capacity to upgrade, and is expected to contribute to a cumulative increase of nearly 610 tons of slurry over the three years, a projected increase in slurry, 1. The annual report of the Terrestrial Organisms (6001661) and a quarterly review:
Supporting companies to continuously expand their size advantages and position as strong leaders. Until the supply and demand of blood products are balanced, blood-based growth is expected to be higher than expected, the logic of certified management improvement provides sufficient slurry size and growth momentum. At the same time, the company increases its blood products in new categories and upgrades their varieties,
2. Sky Forum Organisms (600161). Performance growth is consistent with predefined and channel layout and the formation of academic outreach teams, competitiveness in the long-term development of blood-producing enterprises, development paths, transition away from stable progress
Clear, maintaining industry’s leading edge. A high degree of certainty in growth allows for a certain margin of valuation, taking into account the continued improvement in the blood-product landscape, which benefits the company, for the first time, with a “recommended” rating.
A summary of corporate financial statement data projections The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consulting, which ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,