24 October 2019: 2019 q3
On 25 October, the company announced a three-quarterly report in 2019 that the company had earned 2,519 million yuan in the first three quarters, an increase of 22.5 per cent over the same period last year; a net return of 466,000 yuan, an increase over the same period last year; and a new advance in the restructuring of the factors of eight and layered slurries, with a further increase in the ton slurry efficiency.
Market value in circulation (millions): During the reporting period, eight factors of reorganization were approved for ethical review, clinical trials have been officially initiated, domestic eight factors of restructuring have been occupied by imported products, and the cost of restructuring imported products is high.
The price of recombinant national production is expected to increase the company’s ton slurry efficiency between the country’s source of blood and the country’s imported products. The company’s epidemiology has been approved for clinical trials, domestic progress is ahead, and no other firm is currently in the clinical declaration phase, which is expected to pre-empt the country.
During the reporting period, the company's Wuhan blood station at Xiaoyang County was the second place of practice for the production of raw plasma; the company's blood system in Lanzhou was approved for the installation of a new Sasakawa county slurry station.
The company has 59 slurry stations, 52 of which are in slurry stations and 7 new slurry stations to be picked up, and is expected to grow steadily this year.
q3, the company ' s total issuance of 7,197 million bottles has achieved 95 per cent of last year ' s issuances, of which the proteins, "N.S.S.S.R.S. research-Team organisms (6001661) 2019h1 rating: white and broken performance, with firm growth expected this year.
During the reporting period, companies stepped up their research and development inputs to strengthen and accelerate the progress of research and development on the subject.
The net cash flow generated by the campaign was 697 million yuan (+18.78 per cent), which matched net profits, cash flows, the reconstitution of the planetarium, the holding of the most powerful sources of magma and marketing channels, and the restoration of business values.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association, has been able to produce this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
The data used in the commitment reports are based on compliance channels and the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects his research views and concludes by reasoning his judgement that the conclusions are not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence.
According to the Securities Operating Licence (z23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.E.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the CVM. The securities investment advisory business is the act of the institution that acquires the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and its consultants in providing securities investors or customers with relevant information, analysis, forecasting, and publication of securities investment to customers.