q3 Q3 demand weak performance and new material projects steadily moving forward Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) on the evening of 27 October 2022, the company issued a three-quarter report for 2022, which became operational in the first three quarters
Revenue of $230.09 billion, an increase of 26.18 per cent over the same period, net return profit of $5.534 billion, weak demand for q3 downstream, short-term corporate earnings pressure, 2022q3 sustained significant interest hikes by the Federal Reserve, global recession expected, q3 original
The price of chemical feedstocks, such as oil, is on a downward trend, with the price of acrylic and pure benzene falling by 11.57 per cent and 8.10 per cent compared to the price of the ring, but the price of the main raw material for smoke remains stable at 0.01 per cent below the price of the ring.
Added to the new energy emissions scenario, the price of dmc increased by 28.66 per cent. The rest of the main farm product was affected by weak downstream demand, with a general fall in the price of q3. urea/dmf/ acetic acid/hexadiate/false 12.41 per cent. For product sales, the production of organamine/fertilizer/acetic acid and derivatives in the first three quarters of the year.
• New projects are moving forward, accelerating the deployment of new materials to open up future development space, subject to economic downsides in the short term, sustained demand pressures, and industry downsides. Companies take full advantage of the platform advantage of multilined flexible production and their own coal-processing processes and cost tubes.
Control advantages, providing resilience to performance. New production capabilities, depending on their own cost advantages in the coal industry, move into higher value added, more space for nylon 66, and new energy high-end solvents.
The pilot phase of the drop-in vehicle: 50,000 tons of dec and 300,000 tons of emc, 80,000 tons of nylons66 and the accompanying 200,000 tons of adipic acid project are continuing. As a result of the Texas base coal index, the Ministry has invested $5,924 million in a park gas platform project in Jianzhou to replicate the Texas experience.
The company plans to invest $5.604 billion in integrated synthetic gas use projects, planning 1 million tonnes/year urea, 1 million tonnes/year acetic acid, 150,000 tonnes/year methamine and 150,000 tonnes/year dmf.
The project is in the process of being built on the ground and is expected to be completed by about October 2023. According to the company’s environmental assessment report, the two projects will generate a total annual profit of 700 million yuan and 626 million yuan, respectively, to guarantee future growth.
We expect that the coal industry will now be in the bottom zone, adding new energy materials to the production of the company, and that (1) risks associated with fluctuations in the prices of raw materials and major products;
(ii) safe production risks; (iii) environmental protection risks; and (iv) the project is not proceeding as fast as expected;
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.