It's obvious that the downturn in the product landscape is delaying performance and guaranteeing long-term development in the construction of the project.
Events: The company published its three-quarter report in 2022, which generated $230.09 billion in revenue in the first three quarters of this year. The company is a coal-chemical plant with a clear cost and energy-consuming advantage and is competitive. In addition, the company is well-developed and will be able to start production in the future.
Q3’s performance for 22 years slipped, mainly as a result of the epidemic and global inflation, low demand for chemicals, and company-owned prices.
The price of the main product of the company q3 in 22 years was urea/cetic acid/methanol/dmf/hexodiazine/octone/ethylene/dimethylcarbonate market, with an average price of urea/acetic acid/mol/dmf/hexadiate/hexachlor/glycol/carbonate, respectively, showing signs of reheating.
The average price of the acid dimethyl esters in October was a combination of products and the price of raw materials continued to be high, affecting the company ' s Māori rate: the price of some of the company ' s products fell over the raw material.
The price of power coal continues to be high, delaying the company ' s Māori rate. The q3 Māori rate has fallen in 22 years from 13.19 pt to 23.29 per cent. Corporate cost controls are reasonable, q3 R&D rates are increasing at the same rate. New projects are progressing well and future performance growth is guaranteed: companies have increased capital spending in recent years.
There are a number of new projects in the coal industry and new materials. In 2023, it was a year of intensive production. In the coal industry, the construction of the second base in Jingzhou was well under way, with an investment of $11.5 billion in one phase, scheduled for production in the second half of 2023, including 1 million tons of urea, 1 million tons of acetic acid, 150,000 tons of dmf,
For new materials, the nylon 66 high end new material project, phase I, 200,000 tonnes/year adipic acid project, 120,000 tonnes pbat degradable plastic project, and 650,000 tons high end solvent project are all expected to be operational in 2023, bringing new profit points to the company.
This report is expected to be prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal customers.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose.