# Export-oriented # new products, new technologies, new clients # emerging market leading smart brands, diversified global markets: companies for Africa's mobile industry
The leading company, based on mobile phone operations, has developed four main types of operations: mobile phones, digital accessories/house power, mobile Internet, services and support/post-sales services. The company’s performance remained high in the 17-22 years, with a low global mobile phone market and a slight strain on its performance, accompanied by macroeconomic recovery, corporate integrity, etc.
The spherical layout is moving forward, and the company’s performance is expected to be effectively restored.  Sustained promotion of globalization, with clear operating space for emerging markets: 1) Africa: Africa’s mobile market basics are solid, penetration and asp double drivers of corporate business development; 2) South-East Asia: India
5g replaces the 4g trend, the epidemic retreats to the recovery of external trade in Bangladesh, the mobile phone market growth factor is clear; 3) Latin America: lg exits from the Brazilian market, voice-over share, 2022q2 exports increased by 393 per cent on a year-on-year basis to top five mobile phone manufacturers; 4) Middle East: inflation pressure
Power and supply problems were alleviated, company shares reversed nodes surfaced;) Russia: Tristar and Apple shares were reduced as a result of the Russian-Turkish war, Chinese manufacturers filled the void, corporate city occupancy reached ai+' enabling smart terminals in 2022, sound ecology ushered in new opportunities: 1) mobile interconnection operations: os:
In 2025, the system was expected to generate $4.08 billion in revenue, while in 2022-2025, the cagr reached 80.3 per cent, while the third-party app mau was raised significantly, and some of the apps began to materialize; and the i assistant's final entrance was re-centralized and the new product became chhatgpt.
Text is interactive, and the future is expected to generate an increase in revenue; 2) extended-type operations: re-engineer mobile phone differentials, small experiences, multi-brand co-development, and stereo-dimensional multi-dimensional operations; 2025 corporate expansions, innovations: audio-digital people on the ground, smart voice assistants on the local ai content service ecology.
Businesses, both old and new, continue to be innovative, with a new mix of “ai+ company products.”  Profit forecasting and investment ratings: we value the company’s diverse strategic layout and localization of operations, while the global mobile market warms, companies continue to develop emerging markets, and market shares are raised year after year.
1. Africa ' s mobile phone industry leads the brand of the emerging market smart machine, the diversified layout of the global market 1.1. The diversified layout moves to the global African smartphone industry, with more than a dozen deep-farming industries.
In 2008, the company focused on cellular research and development and launched two major cellular brands: tecno and itel, 2008-2013, targeting the African market, opening branding strategy, with mobile phone products in the third highest number of sales in the African market; and diversification of the company's business layout, significant efforts to develop digital accessories, mobile Internet and related after-sale services.
Co-financed the establishment of the Voice Holdings Ltd., which marched into the Indian market in 2015 and launched the home brand syinix, which is now the first time that the Indian market has been closed.