The strategy of the "3+n+3" strategy has been very effective and the "3+n+3" strategy has been very effective. The company's strategic shift to the "3+n+3 " smart platform has been very effective, with the "3+n+3" strategy increasing well 25 years ago in the three quarters of the year.
In the first three quarters of 25 years, smart terminal business revenue grew by 84.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis; high performance computing business revenue increased by 70 per cent on a year-on-year basis: alot and other business income increased by 72.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis; motor vehicle and industrial products business income increased by 77.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis; multi-business lines grew up high.
The rate of 7.84 per cent was 1.92 pct down by the same year, of which 8.17 per cent for the q3 quarter was 8.17 per cent, with the same increase in the demand for arithmetic, the expansion of the size of the company's data centre operations; there was a strong trend of smart cellular odm penetration and firm certainty growth. In data centre operations, companies continued to contract the core.
Csp clients, while expanding coverage of industry clients and channel customers, create a two-wheel drive of total equity/flow (billion shares) dynamic layout. Corporate-ai servers are growing exponentially, and general servers and switches are also real.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) Growth is now high, income from data centre operations doubled in the first three quarters of 25 years, and business income is expected to exceed $40 billion over 25 years.
The global head odm is strong and still high-growth, and companies are expected to benefit fully from a 30 per cent increase in the volume of air travel by smart men throughout the year 2025, accompanied by industry odm penetration and a concentration of shares towards head manufacturers.
< < High Performance Calculating & Smart Terminal Business Increase, < < Multibusiness Line Resonance Growth, Smart Product Platform < < Data+ Smart Terminal Driver.q1 Performance Expedition
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd., 926 China Square, Beijing Road, Kunming City, Yunnan Province, 31st floor.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “My Company” or “Pacific Securities”) has a Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
If you are not a Pacific Portfolio Partner, please cancel receiving, subscription or using any of the information in this report: Pacific Securities will not
In any case, the information in this report or the opinions expressed in this report does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors are free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, sharing the returns on securities or sharing the losses of securities investments in any form.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may raise any aircraft for these companies.