Electronics group q3 performed well, and profitability is expected to improve continuously 8.17% interest rate. The ring comparison is slightly lower than the q2,q3 crop, but the return is net.
The significant increase in profit ring ratios is indicative of the continued improvement in corporate product structure and profitability.
Switchboard operations have increased in an outbreak, companies have deeply tied up their domestic head csp clients like Ali, Stinger, Byte, and the company has started the appliance of the national production platform more than a year ago.
With a pre-emptive advantage, benefiting from the outbreak of domestic arithmetic needs, the target of more than 30 billion revenues planned for the beginning of the year was met by the end of the three quarters, with the data centre operating revenue projected to surge to $45 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 84 per cent over the previous three quarters, with smartphone operations following.
The odm penetration rate continues to raise the market share of the company, with the company maintaining its first position as an odm manufacturer, with a projected volume of 180 million shipments a year, an increase of more than 30 per cent over the same period; smartness, wearing the business to the top of the industry, with revenue doubling in the first three quarters of 2025.
In the first three quarters of the pc business, revenue grew by more than 30%, desktops, single machines, printers, etc., have already made bulk output on a number of large clients, and the first batch of electricity products from large North American clients entered into production and delivery in 2025.
The volume of business delivery will reach 18 million shipments throughout the year: flatboard computer business has always been at the top of the world's flatboard industry, with revenues growing by more than 30% in the third quarter of 2025. arot and auto electronics drive, opening up long-term space for new business.
With $5.5 billion, an increase of 73 per cent over the same period, there is a steady increase in the volume of goods supplied to overseas clients, such as smart households, cars, and swimming palms; the electronics of automobiles is targeted at the New Power Motors in Beijing, and many product categories of South China's main client are steadily rising.
A total of 4-50 million cargoes per month were delivered from the generic Mitsubishi all-house module; robotics recently acquired a full set of odm projects for overseas clients, with an expected delivery rate of q2 in 2026 as soon as possible.
(a) Development of a person below expectations; domestic arithmetic capital expenditure below expectations; increased competition in the industry.