China Technology (603296.sh) recorded a 70 per cent increase in revenue in the first three quarters, a strong strategy for the layout of a diversified platform, a 69.6 per cent increase in business earnings in the previous three quarters and a 51.2 per cent increase in net profit for mothers in the previous three quarters.
In the third quarter of 2025, business income was reported as $12,882 million (youy69.56 per cent) in the first three quarters, 22.8 per cent in the third quarter of the year and 59.5 per cent in the second quarter of the year.
Operating income of $44.943 billion (yoy22.75 per cent, qoq-8.17 per cent) and net return to the mother of $1,210 billion (yoy zhangdawei1@guosen.com.cn) benefited from the convergence of corporate diversification operations and the optimization of efficiency.
S0980526001 The main business plates have increased and the client structure has been optimized.
In terms of the client structure, the top five clients of the company cover multi-sector areas, with a further decline in the concentration of income, displaying healthy and resilient client queues and effectively increasing the company ' s resilience to risk.
The demand for numeracy continues to flourish, and the data business accelerates the downfall of the arithmetic centre. The company uses forward-looking research to develop inputs and layouts, the R & D design capacity of computing and network-wide products, the ability to service large clients, etc., $ 111.03/55.49.
Continuous upgrading of core suppliers to head Internet customers, creating a competitive edge within the industry. The company’s two-wheel-drive business layout covers head Internet producers and industry customers and channels, with data expected to collect more than $40 billion a year.
Multi-level growth, coupled with rapid growth in universal servers and switches, has continued to expand, and industry markets have expanded, optimizing product structures. Smart cellular odm penetration has continued to increase, and organizational capacity has risen to a higher level of real leadership.
Growing operations, on the one hand, are increasing the penetration rate of industry-wide odm, and on the other hand, the market share of head odm manufacturers will continue to rise. Companies will continue to position themselves in the lead in the global odm industry, wave core competitiveness, and are expected to grow by more than 30% in smartphones throughout 2025.
Investment proposal: maintain a “better than the big market” rating. We look forward to the growth opportunities of the company as a global odm leader, artificial intelligence age for ai servers/phones/pc/aiot, etc., expected to grow by 113% in the first half of the year.
Fluctuation Technology (603296.sh) - Global Lead Smart Hardware 0dm, Multi-operability Figure 2: Quarterly Corporate Revenue and Growth (Billion Dollars, %) Figure 3: Corporate Return to Mothers Net Profit and Growth (Billions, %)
Figure 4: Quarterly net profit and rate of increase for companies (billion yuan, %)
Figure 8: Corporate Mäori Rate, Net Interest Rate, Cost Rate (%)
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject