Investment rating: Purchases (maintenance) 28 October 2025, reported in the third quarter of 2025, in the first three months of the company ' s 3q25 quarter operating income of $44.943 billion, an increase of 22.75 per cent over the previous quarter, with a decline in the ring.
*3+n+3 multi-dimensional drive, with a combination of product lines of business, company prices compared to the trend of 300 depths, the company's revenues in the first three quarters of 2025 exceeded the full year 2024, under the company's 3+n+3 strategy.
In terms of operating income, each of the four major sections achieved an increase of more than 70%. Of this, smart terminal business income grew by 84.4% over the year, high-level operations income was calculated by 70% over the year, while alot and other business income grew by 72.9% over the same year.
In addition to the high growth in revenue, the company also achieved an increase in the q3 Māori rate of 8.2 per cent in the first quarter of q3, a rise in the same and ring ratio of 77.1 per cent in the same year, and further optimized product structure as the Māori rates for individual product groups were relatively stable and increased.
In the first three quarters of the business, the company achieved $10.1 billion, a 37% increase from the previous quarter, which was higher than the cost, leading to higher net profit growth. In the first three quarters of the company’s smart terminal business, 45 billion yuan was collected, and smartphones were used as mature business.
With better growth, smartphones are expected to grow by more than 30 per cent throughout the year 2025, and there is room for certainty in the future. On the one hand, industry-wide odm penetration is increasing, on the other hand, the market share of head odm manufacturers will continue to rise, and on the other hand, smart wear products (intelligent).
The growth of watches, smart bracelets, smart headphones, etc. will continue to grow in the future in terms of the Māori ratio and Māori power lines of the company, which will generate more than $30 billion a year on the basis of 15 million deliveries in 2024.
The company’s overall revenue from data centre operations continued to double in the first three quarters of 2025, forecasting more than $40 billion a year. The company achieved multiple levels not only in the case of i servers, but also in the case of data servers.
Growth, coupled with high growth in universal servers and switches. With the convergence of multiple operations, high performance growth, and continued optimization, companies have continued to expand their industrial markets while optimizing product chains.
2. Pluralistic operations together contribute to growth, with the first quarter of 25 years of strong market demand below expectations; client growth below expectations; industry over-competitiveness; and i server progress
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using information of legal compliance, and are based on publicly available information on the market, without any personal assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such information, or that the information and recommendations contained therein will not change.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.