Unsourced devices have a high climate, and light engines wait for 1.6t to contribute with greater elasticity. On November 6, 2024, o3 performance loops fell due mainly to the speed of light engine delivery and financial costs.
In the context of the significant increase in global output of high-speed light modules, the company has either left the sourceless device or maintained the highest/minimum (millimeters) in the year:
Market value of the share in circulationa (billions): 0.73 pct, influenced by exchange rates, product structure, client structure. On cost, q3 financial costs increased by $55 million, either by a decrease in the exchange rate of q3 or interest income for different quarters.
The difference. In addition, with the expansion of operations and the start-up of Thai factories, corporate management costs grew by 14.9 per cent, R & D costs by 1.7 per cent, and companies offered a variety of non-source device solutions and light engine surrogate services to silicon platforms.
The view in the field is that, as the light module evolves towards the silicon light integration route, the number and value of the unsourced device will decline. We believe that the silicon light programme has indeed significantly reduced the number of bom devices and simplified multiple processes requiring manual labour, but there is still a demand for the non-sourced device.
Some of the product categories are growing, such as lenses for light-source coupling calibration, separators for pic-coupling, Gao-Yu-Yu, tx fau, etc., especially since fau is more customized due to different coupling routes
Larger devices. The light engine covers, because of the characteristics of the light-source coupling and the pic-coupling, also generate market demand for professional sealing services. The company, one of the 400g and 800g world’s largest light engine suppliers, has extensive experience on the eml platform and will drive silicon light according to client demand.
Engine delivery. In terms of the product mix, the launch of the British Weilda blackwellq4 will gradually bring in 1.6t light module demand, or a parallel program for eml and silicon light, which the company will continue to develop in collaboration with large clients.
The forward layout cpo opens up more room for growth in the future. As the speed of serdes rises to 224g \triangleright, problems of switch power and signal loss become more acute, and cpo will be imported gradually.
The chain structure has changed more significantly than the silicon light module, and the next 2-3 years will be mainly in phases 1-2, as the caps are to be developed through the cob, base plate, interposer phases, and the work on the containment of the light engine is similar to the current silicon light module or creates a demand for specialized surrogates.
We believe that the company is expected to become an important supplier of cpo-backfau, pm fibre-optics, and optical engines, taking the lead in the overseas supply chain. Based on the performance of the company and the changing speed of the 1.6t light engine, we adjust the company.
\triangleright Overseas \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright \
The introduction of new suppliers has led to a deterioration in the pattern of competition; the share of source products is lower than the overall Māori rate compared to the increase; the import of new unsourced devices in customers 1.6t and silicon light has fallen short of expectations: the cpo project has not progressed as expected.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.