The demand for high-speed light devices has continued to grow and profitability has been enhanced.
*ai develops the demand for high-speed light devices and maintains the “buy-in” rating. On 22 October 2024, the company issued its third quarterly report for 2024, which generated 0.64 pct in the first three quarters of 2024, at a management cost of 4.19 per cent, a decrease of 0.52 pct compared to the same period.
Increased demand for development and numeracy, global data centre construction, leading to sustained steady growth in demand for high-speed optical device products, especially faster demand for high-speed products, leading to a similar increase in corporate income.
In the first three quarters of 2024, the company ' s R & D costs were 173 million yuan, an increase of 65.07 per cent in the same year, R & D costs amounted to 7.22 per cent, and the company accumulated many of the world ' s leading processes, proprietary technologies in such basic materials as precision ceramics, engineering plastics, optical glass, wave-combining coupling techniques, fa fibre array design and manufacturing.
Technology, to-can/box containment technology, parallel optical design manufacturing technology, and a variety of technology and innovation platforms. Major R & D projects include the development of fiberarray devices for various special application scenarios, special fibre optic devices for silicon light modules and single-channel high-power laser products, and cpo-els
The development of multichannel high-power lasers for modular applications, single wave 200g light transmitters, multichannel receiving of wavelength decomplication (posa) devices for high-speed light modules, etc.
The company now forms Suzhou and Singapore as two global headquarters; Japan, Shenzhen and Suzhou have multiple R & D centres; The performance is expected, high-speed light powered by the United States, Hong Kong, China, Shenzhen, Wuhan as sales arm; Jiangxi and Thailand are two-volume production bases.
For six years in a row, from 2018 to 2023, the company won the award of the Asia-Pacific Light Communication Commission and the Institute of Cybertelecommunication Information for "The Top 10 Enterprises in China with Light Devices and Auxiliary Equipment and Raw Materials", which has for many years been rated by mainstream industry clients as excellent suppliers, and we see the company growing up in high-speed light communication.
q2 Rings are growing faster, with a positive layout higher, and the risk of product expansion falling short of expectations.
Sub-cover report 2024.7.11