The demand for high-speed light devices continues to grow, and the company's performance continues to increase.
Investment rating: buying (maintaining) the net profit of the company ' s shareholders is 976 million yuan, an increase of 122.39 per cent over the same period. High demand for high-speed optical device products and sustained growth in the company ' s performance were recorded in the first three quarters of 2024.
To benefit from the development of the ai technology and the increased demand for numeracy, the global data centre construction belts drive a steady and sustained growth in demand for high-speed optical device products, especially high-speed products, which require faster growth, leading to rapid growth in corporate performance, and a business start-up in the previous three quarters.
For 2,395 million dollars, an increase of 98.55 per cent over the same period; net return of 976 million yuan, an increase in R & D to consolidate technological advantages, and global layout to meet the wave of the ai. Companies continue to deepen their R & D design in light devices, overall solutions and advanced optical envelope manufacturing.
The company is determined to move forward with its globalization strategy, gradually improving the global web-based layout of Suzhou as its headquarters in China, Singapore as its headquarters abroad, and Jiangxi as its base for volume production in Thailand.
Customer demand, against the backdrop of rapid technological development and accelerated demand for numeracy, the internationalization of firms is expected to set firm profit forecasts and investment ratings for sustained and stable growth in the performance of companies: to benefit from the development of ie technology and increased demand for numeracy.
The construction of the global data centre has led to a steady and sustained growth in demand for high-speed optical device products, which continues to grow, with company performance growing faster, especially for high-speed products, leading to rapid growth in corporate performance.
Continued high increase - foil communication (300394.sz) 2024. High-speed light device demand, high company performance, increased profitability - foil communication (300394.sz)
A firm's technological leadership in the area of segmentation, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Decline; increased competition in the industry; risk of exchange rate fluctuations; adverse changes in the macro-environment; \triangleright
This report is prepared without the interference and influence of the relevant business departments of the company, issuers, listed companies, fund managers, asset management companies, etc. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. In projecting the evolution of the securities variety or making recommendations on the feasibility of investment securities, I have made the required disclosure and, to the extent I know it, the company, and the stakeholders in the property have no interest in the securities that have been evaluated or recommended.
This report has a risk rating of r4, which is intended only for customers (c4 and above) who meet the requirements for the proper management of investors in Hualong Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”). The company will not be treated as an ex officio customer by any institution or individual who receives the report.