Three-quarter review in 2024: short-term effects faded, sourceless and non-sourced double-line growth, research assistant Lee Boway
Keywords: #new products, new technologies, new customers Corporate revenue is 840 million yuan, +55 per cent, net profit for mothers is $320 million, +59 per cent. High demand benefits from downstream high-speed light modules, higher company revenue, product structure
The Māori rate also increased by 58.2% in the first three quarters of the year, and the exchange rate changes in the last three quarters of the year, product movements, etc. We believe that the Māori rate for the current quarter meets expectations.
The financial cost of the company increased from 40 million yuan last season to 200 million yuan this quarter, and the financial cost of the quarter also grew by 6.6 to 2.1 per cent on a circular basis.
This quarter performance has had some impact, but the outlook follows that, as clients release 1.6t products and firms grow, corporate performance will continue to benefit sustainably from the expansion of downstream computing demand and increase in the number of sourceless, source-based products that will benefit from subsequent demand expansion and technological development. ]
We see the following trends in industrial demand next year: 1) In a three-fold trend of reasoning demand highlighting + arithmetic card supply that should expand + self-built Ether network structure, next year's demand for 800 g will be adequate.
(ii) British Weida continues to maintain the advantage of hardware and software systems in training, training and integration, while performance rating: profitability is growing significantly, looking at the continued optimization of its client structure, which will lead to further overlaps and applications of cutting-edge products such as 1.6t;
3) The silicon light module is expected to accelerate penetration by mitigating material shortages such as photochips, absorbing silicon-based co-encapsulation trends, and lowering the cost of three layers of industrial logic. At the same time, the outlook for the cpo application is becoming clear, and it is expected that the technology will be phased in and the industrial application will be launched.
Wirtschaftsprüfer (300394): 2024 h1 as a high-quality supplier of the upper core of the light module, bound to the depth of the major client, we recognize that performance forecast: performance is over-expected, and follow-up is expected.
The company will benefit from the 800g, 1.6t and the cpo’s long-term penetration trends next year by binding the company’s major downstream head producers.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company’s unsourced and active business double-line development, taking on the mainstream downstream customers
We maintain the firm ' s net return profit in 2024/2025/2026, which falls short of expectations; increased competition in the industry; and a shortage of raw materials.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.