On October 30, 2025, 25q3 showed high performance, driving and emerging markets leading to growth.
The 25-year three-quarterly performance of the Howie Group in the mobile phone area: ov50h and other older items are approaching the end of their life cycle, with short-term pressure on the cellular cis industry. To this end, the company has actively promoted product rotations and has successfully launched 50 m pixels.
ov50x with a high dynamic range and mass delivery, while 200 million pixels of the company have been certified for import.
Automobile area: In the context of the continued deepening of the penetration rate of new energy vehicles and the trend towards electric intelligence, the acceleration of speed, a significant increase in the number of bicycles, the upgrading of performance specifications to high resolution, and a marked increase in the value of single cars.
Household imports, 2025h1, company car ciss yields 3,789 million yuan, an increase of 30.04 per cent over the same period. As the stock of water levels in the motor electronics chain hits bottom, the industry is expected to enter the pipeline at 25q4-26q1.
During this period, the company, as the leading national cis company, has grown significantly in automobile cis business. Industry is expected to hit a new round of major cycles. 2025.01.26 Emerging markets: companies are actively expanding the panoramic camera, intelligence, based on the performance advantages of their cis products.
In emerging areas such as eyeglasses and machine vision, corporate products can satisfy the need for a panoramic camera in high-speed sports arenas, in the context of the human robots in the National Dollar Securities Industry Research - Semiconductor Industry Report, and by integrating npu into the cis to provide more competition for smart glasses.
Part: Solutions to the rise in semiconductor demand, human robot-driven innovation in the industry. As panoramic cameras and smart glasses continue to grow, and industrial automation continues, demand for high-performance cis is expected to increase significantly in the emerging sector and become a company.
• Upstream risk: the downwinding has accelerated; the new feeder has accelerated the import of customers; downstream risk: downstream demand is less than expected; new product imports are less than expected; and other systemic risks
Figure 2: Company single-quarter net profit return and rate of increase (millions of dollars)
Figure 5: Corporate inventories and swing days (millions of yuan per day) Figure 6: Corporate performance
Further improvements will benefit the company’s performance. The new feeder speeds up the importation of customers: the company’s continued roll-out of the cis, and if the company’s feeder is successfully imported into the customer’s industry chain, it will drive the company’s demand for goods.
Downstream demand is less than expected: the mobile phone and automobile sectors are now recovering in a moderate period, with adverse effects on the volume of sales and the rest of the company if downstream demand is less than anticipated. Imports of new products are less than expected: when new products are introduced by companies that are hindered in their progress in importing customers, they are more productive for companies.
Other systemic risks are: China-United States trade frictions, border political frictions, etc., Hong Kong market benchmark is a permanent index, the United States market benchmark is a pamphlet 500 index or an NASDAQ index, the new three-board benchmark index is a three-point index (for the protocol transfer target) or a three-board market index (for the market transfer benchmark), and the Northward benchmark index is a North 50 index.
The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data used in my commitment report are based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author ' s professional integrity and competence, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and adopts