Howell Group (603501.sh) net profits increased by 35 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, new products opened up a quota-up cycle, operating income increased by 15.2 per cent in the first three quarters of the year, and net returns to mothers increased by 35.1 per cent in the same quarter.
The third quarter of 2025 reported operating income of $21,783 million (yoy15.20 per cent) in the first three quarters, mainly as a result of firm-strengthed market opportunities, accompanied by rapid references to penetration in the area of smart driving in cars huhi2@guosen.com.cn
Increased, and a significant expansion in the use of smart video terminals, such as panorama and motion cameras, with operating income zhangdawei1@guosen.com.cn benefiting mainly from initiatives such as product structure optimization and supply chain collating.
S09805221003 Smartphones start the new cycle with a share in the upgrade.
To this end, the company has accelerated the development and roll-out of new products, with 50 million pixels per inch high dynamic image sensor 0v50x in the first half of the year, enabling flagship high-end smartphones for film-grade video shoots. 200 million pixel image sensor products have been produced.
Imports are certified by clients; new 50 million pixels, 0v50r in 1.2 μm pixel sizes were released on September 26 for high-end consumer electronics such as smartphones, motion cameras, vlog cameras, portable cameras.
Intelligent penetration accelerates, and new products release new dynamic growth. Companies introduce multi-marketly competitive new product lines, and the newest generation of car image sensors keep industry ahead on key performance indicators, gaining broad client approval; and new sensors using nyxel near-infrared technology, which should be widely accepted.
For driver monitoring systems to further enrich the matrix of car regulation products. On October 16, a new generation of 8 million pixels 0x08d20, using theiacel technology, was released as an upgraded version of 0x08d10, specifically designed for external cameras of cars in advanced driving support systems (adas) and autopilots (ad).
There is a strong demand for video shoots, and there has been a significant jump in emerging markets. There has been a rapid expansion in the landscape and motion cameras, smart glasses, and so on, and the company’s image sensor operations have grown rapidly.
The idea is to maintain a “better than the big market” rating. We look at the company’s leading edge in the field of cis, the Howe Group (603501.sh) - net profits increased by 48% in the first half of the year compared to 48% in the same year.
The net profit in Well (603501.sh) and 2024 grew by 498 per cent, and the smart gain pervaded by 545 per cent in Well (603501.sh) - net profit in the previous three quarters, high-end mobile phone 603501.sh - profits increased by 793 per cent in the first half of the year and smartphones increased by 793 per cent in the same year.
Figure 2: Quarterly operating income of the company and rate of increase (billion yuan, %) Figure 3: Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly Quarterly Quantities of the company Quantified Quantities of profit (billion yuan, %)
Figure 5: Ratio of corporate sub-products to corporate sub-products: Māori ratio of corporate sub-products (%) The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author