Cars, motion cameras, ai glasses are growing faster, and the next quarter has a record record of collecting and withholding net profit from the mother. In terms of profit margins, 2025 litres of 0.3 pcts, the profitability is stable.
The company’s capture of market opportunities, coupled with a rapid increase in penetration in the area of smart driving, and a significant expansion in the use of smart image terminals, such as panorama and motion cameras, has led to a marked increase in the company’s harvest; at the same time, the company’s product structure has been optimized and the supply chain has been streamlined.
Auto-smart driving penetration accelerates, unleashing new dynamics of growth. According to the advisory body, Frost Sullivan, the company’s share of the global car law market in 2024.
Total market value/market value in circulation (billion yuan) 1,494/1,494 is the world’s number one. In the context of the accelerated penetration rate of car smart driving, companies continue to push the highest/minimum price for 52 weeks.
In order to meet the demand for higher-level assistive driving functions, the vehicle camera is moving towards a high level of cleanliness.
In the direction of convergence, intelligence, and integration, the company is following the trend, actively promoting research and development and landing of related products to help clients upgrade and adapt their products, and continuously consolidating the majority position of the public in the automobile market. 2025h1, the company image sensor business is in the car market.
The achievement of revenues of approximately 3,789 million yuan, compared to +30.04%, has continued to consolidate the leading role in this area, with accelerated penetration of video-taping needs and a significant jump in emerging markets. As the outdoor movement increases participation and short video creations become more widespread, consumers become aware of the scenes and creative images.
The demand for video recording has grown significantly, driving the overall view and motion camera market to continue to expand. The corporate image sensor, as a core component of image capture, provides clarity even in high-speed sports scenes, based on the advantages of high pixels, high-resolution, wide-area dynamics, low light energy and low-power consumption.
Clarity, stability, and fluidity provide critical support for the image quality and stability of the panorama and motion camera. At the same time, smart glasses (xrheadssets, including ar/ai glasses, etc.) are entering the scale penetration period from the technology validation period, with smart glasses approaching important development nodes.
With global exposure technology, the company leads by enabling terminal equipment to track and synchronize eye tracking and slam (slam) functions. In addition, the company's image sensor product combines small size and low power consumption characteristics, which are highly relevant to the need for smart glasses.
A single chip showing solutions that can provide an integrated whole for smart glasses, where the products associated with lcos have high resolution, compact shape, low-power and low-cost competitive advantages, are better able to satisfy the demand for full-colour products in the ar smartglass market, and will make intelligent eyes available.
The mirror solution is becoming more viable and more economically relevant. For the smart glasses market, the company launched an image sensor that enabled the integration of npu in the cis technology to be addressed by closely integrating the perception with the ai calculation at the chip level.
The core challenges of smart glasses in real time, power, privacy, and volume offer very ideal solutions. Machine vision is an important foundation for industrial automation and intelligence, and is widely applied to smart storage logistics, smart testing, etc.
The sensibility sector, based on core techniques such as the Tonyxel, bsi, and the Global Express (globalshutter), has introduced a multiplicity of innovative visual solutions to meet client diversification needs and obtain high market recognition. With these multiple drivers, companies continue to provide advanced vision to global customers.
Awareness and sensor solutions strongly support the rapid growth of the application market. 2025h1, the corporate image sensor business generated revenues of about $1,173 million in emerging markets, i.e. +249.42 per cent.
(c) The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is currently publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.