The chemolybdenum (603993ch) of the dysentery industry, the two heavy-pound projects are moving forward, and copper and cobalt production has been able to leapfrog significantly in 23 years.
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeappendix1forenglichsummary) better than the big city maintinoutperform
2022H1 has been up since the market again. The Luoyang molybdenum industry has achieved a better revenue than the big market, which is 91.7 billion yuan, an increase of 8.2%, and the mother's net profit of $4.15 billion, an increase of the same.
72%, with a return to a record high of net return profits. 2022q2 achieves a return return net profit rating for msciesg bbb+
With the exception of the mineral plates, the company-owned Ecosonixm Metal Trading Platform has been able to secure the sale of all products other than molybdenum, tungsten and phosphorus, and has completed the metal trading in the first half of the year (in kind)
tfm mixed mining project: Sector Centre has completed the construction of rough, milled base and started.
The tfm copper cobalt mine will increase the average annual production of copper by 200,000 tons after delivery in 2023 and 17,000 tons of cobalt annually.
Volume kfm project: preparation of pre-construction work, project work according to mileage, pillar nodes, re-routing of rivers, mining plants, transformer stations, smelting
The kfm project will add an average annual production of 90,000 tons of copper and 30,000 tons of cobalt. With a significant increase in the company’s copper and cobalt production, the Luoyang industry will become the world’s largest cobalt producer.
Profit predictions and valuations. The Luoyang industry is a global copper-cobalt tap business, and we expect it to be public and 2%. We believe that the company ' s tfm mixed mining project and kfm copper-cobalt mining will be operational in the next two years, and the company ' s net profits will be in a period of rapid growth, taking into account comparative company estimates.
Value level, value value to company 2022, 22 timespe (formerly 2022, 26x), for example, Schweyishi