New Olympic shares (600803.sh) New Olympic shares: out of impairment, three seasons of good business, net profits increased significantly by 97 per cent over the same period
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average 75.40% length of company base position (RMK) and net return to mother ' s profit of 384 million yuan, an increase of 97.02% over the same period.
It is coal methanol and energy engineering operations that have increased significantly, and the revenues from the pesticide business have increased considerably over the same period in the previous year. The net profit of the mother is $285 million in the first quarter of the three quarters, which is significantly better than the increase in the price of coal methanol and the booster company revenue.
Coal pit prices increased by 117% over the same period; the price of methanol remained slightly volatile over the same period last year, with a 31% increase over the same period. The sales of coal methanol in each of the three quarters increased to a different degree than in the same period last year, and methanol production increased on a similar basis because of only partial installation inspections of new energy sources, compared to last year.
It's a comprehensive overhaul. The three-quarter coal operation generated $570 million, while the coal business had a Maori rate of 41.3 per cent, 1. New Olympic shares: good business performance, methanol production, high performance elasticity. Four-quarter coal methanol prices are expected to be affected by the winter production limit factor.
Looking to stay high and make a sustained contribution to performance. Santos is well run out of impairment. Four quarters are expected to benefit from a rebound in oil and gas prices.
The santos realized $793 million in revenues in the third quarter, a 22 per cent increase in comparison with the previous quarter, sales of 2.589 million barrels of crude oil, average oil prices of $53.28 per barrel, ng sales of 743.4 thousand tons, average prices, 4. New Olympic shares: four quarter performance rings have improved significantly.
7.50 per million British hot units, with the rise in oil and gas prices contributing to a 3 per cent increase in three quarters. The company's three-quarter processing of santtos investment returns is confirmed by using a financial measurement model estimate, which is expected to yield $27.61 million in three quarters, and we expect the actual returns to be better than the company's estimates, which are confirmed at the end of the year.
The four-quarter geo-risk and occ reduction are expected to support a sustained upturn in oil prices, and the supply of and demand for gas in China are expected to boost Asia-Pacific gas prices. It is expected that santos will operate in the four-quarter period, after four-quarter engineering orders are centralized, and the ring ratio is expected to continue to grow.
Construction, gas conversion drive, the company’s energy engineering business grew faster this year, and the engineering company reached its target date in the first half of the year, and we expect the order to reach 1.2 billion in the fourth quarter. The engineering business panel will become the company’s business.
The business of santos as a whole has improved significantly over the past year, and the price of oil, which will benefit significantly in the future, has recovered steadily. As a low-value upstream oil and gas resource benchmark, watch the company’s profile in the field of oil and gas upstream and eng.
The prices of oil, gas, coal, methanol have fallen dramatically, ng engineering operations have fallen short of expectations, agricultural and veterinary production has been affected by environmental effects, production has been restricted Analysis of the rates of the relevant reports in the market
The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years as compared with the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Within the optimized market rate of the industry, after deducting all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year with the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date of the submission of the report with the total net profit of the previous year.