New Olympic shares (600803.sh) 600803.sh: operating well, with revenues of $7.012 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 75 per cent over the previous three quarters; net return to mothers of $384 million, an increase over the same period
97 per cent increase; ps 0.39 yuan/share, 95 per cent increase over the same period.
The company has an annual capacity of 6.8 million tons of coal and 750,000 tons of methanol, and the coal produced in the mines is prioritized to the extent that it is sufficient to produce coal-powered raw materials for the company's coal-based methanol, to satisfy the need for coal from outside its own use for export, and has established long-term partnerships with large coal traders and end-users to ensure full production.
Revenues from industry increased by 75.40 per cent over the same period, mainly because of higher growth in methanol, coal trading, energy engineering, higher prices for coal and methanol compared to the same period the previous year, higher revenues from pesticide operations compared to the same period in the previous year, and a slightly volatile three-quarter chain of coal and methanol prices compared to the same period last year.
This is higher than the average. The net profits of such subsidiaries as Newland Works, New Energy, Pesticides, and Sohosususususu have increased significantly to offset the investment losses resulting from the impairment of the assets of santos in the medium term, leaving the company ' s accumulated net profits to continue to grow at a higher rate than in the same period of the previous year.
The third quarter of the company realized business income of 2,398 million yuan, a 15.62 per cent reduction; the mother ' s net profit of 285 million yuan, a gain from the second quarter-068 million won, mainly due to the fall in the first half of Santos ' plan.
In the first three quarters of 2017, companies recognized a $322 million return on santos, with a significant reduction in losses. International oil prices rebounded steadily in the second half of the year, and santos recorded further substantial impairments at the end of the year.
Net liabilities for santos fell from $3.5 billion at the end of 2016 to $2.8 billion in three quarters; and projected steady growth, investment gains for santos or significant increases. Average oil prices at the free cash flow balance point in 2017 were $33 per barrel, well below early 2016
Because of its robust performance, santos increased its catalogue sales in 2017 to 58-60 million barrels of oil equivalent and 79-82 million barrels of oil equivalent, respectively, close to 2016 levels. The stabilization of light hydrocarbons project will be a new growth point in corporate performance.
The company’s subsidiary’s new energy sources began construction of a stable light hydrocarbons project in 2015, with a total investment of $4,263 million, of which the investment in new energy sources was changed from $3,163 million to 3,763 million, and the company expects production to be completed by mid-2018. Stable light hydrocarbon raw materials are coal-based methanol, mainly for clean oil.
By-products, such as tons of lpg and 117,000 tons of lime-brain oil, are profitable at an average annual rate of around $600 million. With 200,000 tons of stable light hydrocarbons a year, the company’s industrial chain will be further extended to expand the new growth point in performance. 2.5 shares are allocated to all shareholders, with a total of 246 million shares available for sale.
The total amount of funds to be raised by the component unit does not exceed RMB 2.3 billion, and the net amount, after deducting the cost of distribution, will be used entirely to invest in the 200,000 tons of stable light hydrocarbons project per year.
The main products such as coal, methanol, crude oil, ng, agricultural and veterinary medicine are at a risk of a sharp drop in prices, and the construction of the stabilization of light hydrocarbons has not progressed as expected. Wang Fenghua: Master ' s degree at the Chinese People ' s University and currently President of the United Nations Securities Institute.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.