New Olympic shares (60803) santos are running out of space and entering the harvest period.
There was an exchange of information on production and development plans for the future, with clear positioning and a future focus on upstream expansion, with the gas-all-industry chain in the group and the new Olympic gas under the umbrella of the New Olympic Group being one of the five major gas companies in the country, providing 15 billion dollars a year for 160 counties and municipalities throughout the country.
However, the lack of upstream resources has made all natural gas dependent on three barrels of oil or imports abroad, constraining the development of the entire group area of natural gas. The New Olympics Group, in order to address the upstream development bottlenecks, relied on a listing platform that acquired 11.72% of the shares of Australia’s second largest oil and gas producer, santos, in 2016.
Former New Olympic shares hold 10.07% of santos as their first shareholder. Future New Olympic shares are expected to work with santos in the field of international energy operations, helping to improve the internationalization of clean energy in companies, deepening cooperation with international hydrocarbon companies in broader areas and potential projects, and achieving an internationalized development strategy that will make the New Olympics a reality.
The group achieved a whole-of-business chain layout in the area of natural gas, and the unit, compared to the depth of 300, had higher oil prices than expected, santos had run out of space and officially entered the harvest period.
In the first half of the year, santos, based on a relative pessimism of projected oil prices for the year as a whole, offered a tax impairment of $689 million, led to a net profit of $506 million, and if the impairment and other non-recurrent items were removed, the company earned $156 million in after-run profits, a record loss of $5 million compared to the same period last year.
A significant increase, accompanied by a reduction in the free cash flow balance point to $33 per barrel, and a decrease in the net liability to $2.9 billion. Around the dollar/barret, there is an increase of $10 per barrel over last year.
Three, profit forecasts and investment proposals are doubled, 10 times, and eight times. For the first time, coverage is given with a “strongly recommended” rating.
International oil prices have fallen sharply: exchange-rate fluctuations have led to lower investment returns: the price of coal methanol has fallen significantly. Yang: The Nanjing University Land Department, in conjunction with the Rutgers University Department of Chemicals of the United States, has developed a Ph.D. (Earth exploration and information technology specializing in calculating the direction of chemical and hydrocarbon resources), undergraduate specializing in geochemistry.
Li Xiaohui: Graduated from Northwestern University, Graduated from China Petroleum University (Beijing) and Specialized in Chemistry. Worked in Beijing from August 2010 to February 2016 at the Yanshan branch of China ' s petrochemical company, engaged in the technical management of refining oil and chemical production. Joined in March 2016 as a member of the People ' s Trades Index, conducting research in the direction of petrochemicals. Authors with qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment consultancy, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,