The new cycle is open and the most beneficial target strongly recommended (first coverage)
Li Xing (Research Assistant) takes a different view from the market: for companies, we believe that the core investment thread that needs to be grasped is demand for productive capacity, elasticity of profit, demand is at the core of the study, so this paper will first look at the state of the industry cycle.
Three factors drive the company to the greatest benefit. Research has shown that the current glass sheet innovation week is not fully aware of the company’s core supplier status, industry chain bargaining, and long-term business layout. This paper shows a clear trend of 3d glass on the back of a mobile phone, with greater potential for forward value.
The changes in the front and back of the mobile phone, the results of which show that the double-faced glass has become mainstream, that the front covers are shifting from 2.5d glass to 3d, 3.5d glass, that the back of the cell is subject to a change in the "plastic metal glass" and that the glass has become the mainstream of the cellular material, and that, combined with ihs data, we expect the 3d glass plate penetration at the end of Andre this year.
It will increase from 15% to 30% at the beginning of the year. We believe that three major factors drive Andre terminal manufacturers to use 3d glass and 3.5d glass sheeting: 1) appearance to drive the end brand premium up and brand competition to remain variable and continue to improve; 2) wireless signal crossing and wireless charger compared to metals; 3) amoled-50%
In terms of the manufacturing process, the barrier glass is 2.5d3d.3.5d, which increases the difficulty of manufacturing, while the beauty and functionality are further enhanced, with the same value rising. Three factors drive the company to be the most beneficial indicator.
The firm (~31.72% share) is a customer core supplier (~53% share), while the company is dominated and lost, and we will explain it separately. Moreover, we believe that the market is not fully aware of the increase in corporate buyout rights, and we will conduct an analysis through the Porter Five Power Model and the new product development process.
Arts, automation equipment, consumables, molds, etc. are all core elements in the production of curved glass. New equipment, as one of the four corporate R & D strategies, combines the company ' s 15+ years of industrial experience and process accumulation, especially the accumulation of self-research technology, core consumption materials and automation equipment, with a full lead in terms of capacity and efficiency.
Sapphires, ceramics, and car electronics. Sapphires are used in camera protection mirrors, blue stones/ceramics are used in wearing devices. The company's core strategy for a client, sapphire materials and ceramics, pro and promax, was upgraded from last year's double to three. Next year, it's going to be followed by tof lenses.
This will double the demand for camera protection mirrors and allow companies to fully enjoy the benefits of multiple upgrades. Moreover, the applewatch accounts for about 50% of the world's smart watches, and companies are expected to benefit from the high-intensity of equipment.
Business, and Tesla's position in the smart car industry, like apples in consumer electronics, leads in the creation and development of the industry, and we look forward to the company's future.
By 2020, the peg was 0.63 and the industry average (0.96) was understated. We risked losing orders from large clients because of changes in return policy, company expansion and capacity climbs.
15+ years of industry experience, and 15+ years of industry experience, with windows and protective features. Founder Chow and his team started their business in Shenzhen in 1993, started with clock and watch glass sheets, and created Shenzhen Lanthys Technology in 2003, focusing on cellular windows and protective glass (the front and back of cell phone glass)
Development, production and marketing, since the first generation of clients, iPhone, became a supplier of the apple industry chain and became a global mobile phone window and shielded glass company, listed in 2015 on the start-up board with a strong effort to develop and invest in new products, materials, new processes and new equipment. Current operations cover mobile phones (glass front and back cover, sapphire and ceramic cover, camera glass and sapphire protection mirrors, fine metal parts, fingerprint recognition).
The company's development history, the company's 15+ industry experience, the end of 2018, business stability, glass protection, four major research and development strategies to promote multi-area layout. The company actually controls Cho and Jung Jun-Long and Jun-Long.
Control is stable, while Ms. Zhou Qi Fei, the founder of the company, has led the company to grow up with her superior technical and managerial skills. From the company with a stockholding in Lanth, the company’s business has expanded across glass, sapphire, ceramics, metals, smart cars, automation equipment, waste materials, contact control, biometrics, cameras, and acoustics, and the company has come on the market and proposed “new products, new materials, new processes, and new equipment.”
Four major R & D strategies. Among the company’s four major R & D strategies, new equipment supports the remaining three, while new materials, new processes, and new products are effective. Widening the corporate product matrix, maintaining business stability while contributing to a growth in revenue, the four can then mutually contribute to generating positive feedback, maintaining the public sector’s innovation capacity, technological leadership, and profitability better than its peers.
Protection glass in inch, new materials dominated by sapphire and ceramics, large-sized glass protected by flatboard computers, laptops, one-size computers, smart car-mounted electronics, 69.85% of small-sized glass protected in mid-2018, 16.08% of new materials and metals, 8.92% of large-sized glass protected.
2. New cycle: 3d glass recap trend is clear. What is the type of front cover innovation more than 2.1 glass cover? 3.5d glass-to-end plant innovation direction.
Hard edges. 2.5d glass has radial treatment of edges and is currently used in mainstream smartphones, such as the iphone series. 3d glass innovation is further advanced than 2d glass, 2.5d glass, 3d glass, which is radiated on both sides of the glass and on the four sides of the glass and is used for mainstream programs on the André flagship, such as the p30 series. From the new 2019 model, the mate 30pro and vivonex 3 series are designed using the Falls screen, which is used by the Falls screen.
The long side of the glass sheet is bent deep and the edge curvature is close to 90 per cent, while occupying the middle frame position, hanging like a waterfall on both sides of the plane, 3.5 d bob, turning into a terminal innovation direction. 2d, 2.5d and 3d glass panels
The screen-protected glass is based on a radial division of 3.5d glass caps close to 90°.
3.5d glass protection specific application diagram 2.1.1 manufacturing process: 3d manufacturing process is more challenging, heat is the core process 3d manufacturing process is more challenging, processes, automation equipment, consumables, molds, etc. are all core elements of production. 2.5d glass, 3d glass
And 3.5d glass manufacture is based on 2d glass. 2.5d glass requires a polisher to handle the radians of the edges, and 3d glass requires a professional hot bender to form a curvature. Model design, the quality of the core parts of the heat bending equipment, consumables, processes and automation equipment, each of which is the core element of the enterprise's production of 3d glass. In the 3d glass manufacturing process, the heat bending process is the most difficult determinant of the 3d glass quality.
The thermal bending process is to insert a flat 2d glass between two molds and heat it up to a bendable state (the glass usually softens at a temperature of 700 degrees Celsius), and then press the top mold to a lower mold, which bends the glass between the molds. Some processes accumulate in firms that are not deep enough to control temperature and accuracy during the thermal formation, and the different parts of the glass are prone to heat inequality.
2.1.23d glass permeating to the mid-seas type, 3.5d glass having a greater value, the above-mentioned known, protective glass is 2.5d\rightarrow3d\rightarrow3.5d, the difficulty of manufacturing is rising in turn, and the value is increasing in turn. 2.5d glass is currently good at over 80% and 2.5d is covered at 25 yuan. 3d glass, according to industry studies, is currently used in the 3d glass sheet production process.
From the point of view of the 3d glass-type penetration, it is clear that the medium-stage pattern is moving from Acry to a 3d glass-type. In 2016, 3d bob, with a high-end sale price of $4,000-6,000, has now infiltrated into the 2000-dollar medium-form, for example, Miphones, 2019.
Seventy per cent of the cell phones, including red rice, will use 3d glass sheeting, indicating that a large volume of 3d glass production is already on the basis of the process. 3.5d glass front cover is more challenging in shape and fitting, and industrial research projects are expected to sell about 1.5 times more than the price of 3d glass sheet, i.e. 110+. 2.23d glass is widespread?
2.2.1 There is a clear trend towards 3d glass on the back of the cell phone, with a greater potential for the front cover, where the glass material is mainstreamed, shifting from 2.5d to 3d, 3.5d. Spliting the cell phone glass sheet to the back and back, we've synthesed the changes in the front and back of the mainstream mobile phone over the past 10 years, showing that the two-faced glass has been mainstreamed, and the front covers are shifting from 2.5d to the glass.
3d, 3.5d glass, the back-lid material of the cell phone has undergone a change in the “plastic metal glass” and glass has become the mainstream of the cell phone material, and, with ihs data, we expect that the 3d glass sheet penetration will increase from 15% to 30% from the beginning of the year. With regard to the front of the cell phone, the current mainstream is 2.5d glass sheet, but we see that the 3d front-lid glass has been applied to the André flagship, such as p30pro. In September 2019, several mainstream machines were pushed.
"Washer screens" show us the advanced shape of 3d glass front caps, 3.5d glass. 3.5d glass forms an almost complete glass cellular program, giving a super-integrated visual experience to the entire body. With regard to the backside of the cell phone, in 2017, iphone8/x started using the 2.5d backlids, making the backlids mainstream.
When the 3d heat bending technology is mature, we expect a client to have further innovation around two years ago. 2.2.2 Front cover innovation: beauty + functionality, greater value 3d glass back cover than 2.5 glass back cover, in beauty, functionality in reinforcement, double screen, back cover touch, etc. 3d front.
In terms of functionality, the 3d glass front caps can be a hard material that is more flexible with a curved screen, which can act as physical protection and create a curve screen. The 3.5d side of the glass removes the physical key and changes it to a virtual key design.
The current 3d front-cap glass has broken the problem of productivity and productivity, and the focus is mainly on the capacity of the oed. As the country produces soft-led production and productivity, the 3d front-cap and 3.5d front-caps will have a significant penetration rate.
2.2.3 Three factors drive the 3d glass sheet penetration, and we believe that three factors drive the Andre terminal manufacturer to use 3d glass and 3.5d glass sheet surfaces: 1) surface to drive the end brand premium appreciation; 2) wireless signal crossing and wireless chargers compared to metals; 3) amoled penetration.
1. Appearance drives end-brand premium increases: brand competition remains variable and functionality continues to grow. According to cnnic, as of June 2019, there were 850 million Internet users in the country, of whom 65% were aged 10-39 years, and 65% were in this age group, where consumption is more colorful and creative. According to McKenzie, the country’s consumers are now more nuanced about branding, and brand ownership is not important.
This shift in consumer perception, on the one hand, makes mobile terminals more competitive in winning customers, and, on the other hand, gives domestic mobile terminals an opportunity to develop. GlobalNet1 publishes a study on consumer attitudes to buying mobile phones, which researchers require participants to sort out the look, colour, shape, design, or feel of mobile phones.
The most influential aesthetic elements. In his speech, former Worm President Lee summarized the product design cmfs: color (colour), maturial (material), finished (indicating treatment) and shape (form).
These studies highlight the importance of appetizing aesthetics for mobile terminals, especially at the stock competitive stage of smart phones, and greater research and advocacy on mobile phones, such as the launch of waterfall screens in several mainstream machines in June 2019, and the launch of a ring around mill in September 2019.
On the basis of the above, glass material emerges from a wide variety of materials, which can increase the size of cellular design, combining the plating process with a variety of effects, such as pure color, gradient, and texture. The glass material is transparent and highly integrated and provides better tactile contact for consumers, and costs and prices decrease as the manufacturing process rises. The glass material is more transparent and resistant to falls than ceramics.
It's less difficult to manufacture, and it's more efficient than metals. 2. The metal casings are shielded from wireless signals, and therefore mobile phones with metal casings need plastic antennas or plastic antennas to operate.
Trans-wire radio frequency signals, which will provide a clear seam for cellular equipment. Especially in the 5g era, 5g mobile phones used antenna arrays, antennas or interiors, or less space for the back of a cell phone, or for the back of a metal. Wireless charging, electromagnetic induction technology heats the metal casings. Glass matter, which facilitates wireless radio frequency signals, supports wireless recharge and has a smooth and continuous appearance.
The 3d glass front caps are needed to match the soft-led curve screen described above to act as a physical shield. And amoled is lighter than lcd and can offset to some extent the increase in the weight of the glass to replace the metal.
Infiltration is mainly a national production capacity. The current design capacity of amoled, under construction, uphill and mass production in the country, amounts to 390k, and these shipments will be followed up by an increase in the domestic smartphone brand and a customer ' s capacity to move away from three stars and lig. The large-scale use of amoled screens by national smartmen will provide an opportunity for growth in the 3d glass front cover, which is expected to break out.
3. Lance: The new cycle of windows and protective appearances, the most beneficial indicator of the company’s turning point: industry demand – the company’s demand situation. During the exchange with investors, there are two aspects of the company’s heavy asset content that are concerned about: 1) technological change; 2) depreciation erosion of profits. With regard to the first point, we will address separately below.
To be sure, corporate assets are configured for a long-term cycle, and once completed, when barriers are created, follow-on capital spending decreases. At a low-intensity stage, heavy assets are more likely to erode profits, but as the climate rises, the productivity of the company increases, the scale effect of heavy assets will be demonstrated, and the profit elasticity will be higher. What we need to do is identify the tipping point of the company cycle, and the company will be able to do so.
Three factors identify the company as the most beneficial target. In the above industry analysis, we believe that the glass sheet industry is going through the 3d and 3.5d glass upgrade phase and that the industry needs better.
Key suppliers (~32% share), leading and leading (pre-emptive advantage) 3d glass sheeting and 3.5d glass sheet development (~50% share), are core strategic-level suppliers of a customer (~53% share) and other global mainstream mobile phone brands (three stars, tiles, milli, oppo, vivo); 2) further strengthening of the bargaining power of the company ' s industrial chain, which is not fully recognized by the market; and 3) close to 15 years of industry experience and process build-up by companies
Tired, especially with self-researching technology, core consumption and automation equipment, we are fully ahead of our peers in terms of productivity and efficiency. Next, we will be divided into three subsections.
The company is the main supplier of windows and glass panels worldwide. We combine the volume of Ihs' overall glass sheets (2019), with an average share of 31.72%, or nearly a third, and is the main supplier of windows and glass sheets globally. At the same time, the company dominates and leads the development of 3d glass panels and 3.5d glass sheets, which are expected to account for nearly 50%.
The company accounts for the main share of a client.a The client is the company’s first customer, the company and Bourne Optics (unlisted) are the core suppliers of a client’s window and glass protection, we combine the sales of Conning Gorilla’s glass with the company’s announcement of the sales of the company’s first largest customer, and we make a false estimate of the company’s share of a client’s share in 2011–18, which, though volatile, shows that the company’s share of a client is gradually increasing.
Upgraded, with a share of about 53 per cent in 2018, and in the context of our discussion below of the improved bargaining power of corporate buyers, we believe that a client share is a share of other global mainstream Andre mobile brands (Sam, Hua, Mi, oppo, vivo), where companies dominate and lead the development of glass sheets from 2.5d to 3d/3.5d, which is their core strategic-level supplier, with a share of nearly 50 per cent compared to the four listed companies (Bern).
The size of the protected glass plate operations and the Māori rate, which are not marketed in optical terms, can be seen as much higher than the size and profitability of the collection. Andret’s investors are mainly concerned about: (1) changes in technology routes; (2) loss of prices and share due to competitive pressures. We will be moving in, and we will replace it with an overall Māori ratio.
The compound (plastic) has a low hand rate, high after-sale cost, and the 3d glass back caps penetrates the lower-middle-end type as costs fall. As we explained above,
In the exchange with investors, many investors are concerned about the impact of composite panels (plastics), which are covered behind glass and have a price advantage (~30 dollars) compared to the factory's 3d glass cover. In comparison to the 3d glass, the compound is deformed, with a low sense of hand and inflexibility, according to our industrial chain research, and the cost of selling is high.
In the case of low- and medium-end aircraft, prices may be the core factor considered by the terminal, but in the case of the flagship, the terminal takes more into account the consumer ' s purchasing attitude (as mentioned above, consumer purchasing attitude is mainly external), and according to what we have mentioned above, the problem of the 3d back-wall manufacturing process has been largely resolved, and the trend is more clear with respect to the mid-stage model of the sea volume moving from Yakli to 3d glass.
The price reduction comes from lower costs of upstream raw materials, and the market is far from competitive in stock. We believe that the price reduction has to be clear, with lower costs of upstream raw materials, better rates due to maturity of production processes, and competitive pressures.
An objective process consistent with the development of things is also a necessary process of product penetration to the lower-middle end. Again, the last few years have seen a drop in the cost of upstream raw materials, which can be seen from the end of the glass base, which was supplied mainly to Conin, now available to Japanese Xin, German Short, and national rainbow shares (600707.sh). In terms of capacity, the 3d glass sheet is currently concentrated in blues, Byrne Light, etc.
On the basis of the current statistics, we're assuming that all production is released without taking into account the progress of completion of the plants, we're conservatively assuming 1.4 billion cellular exits per year (3d glass can be used in cars, tablets), only the back caps (which can be used in front), and safeguarding that the estimated full total production capacity corresponds to only 70.5 per cent of the backside penetration of the 3d glass, which may be followed by a combination of the current business losses.
In addition, the firm’s position at the upper end of the machine is strong, given that it will be able to compete in the future, with full lead and cost control, and the company’s ability to de-saturate, will be further demonstrated.
3.2 The market is not fully aware of the increased bargaining power of the company to buy. We use the Porter Five Power model to identify the company’s structure of the chain. From the point of view of suppliers, companies are self-researching critical equipment and consumables, glass panels are stable, and customers are widely available, and in recent years they are at a price-down stage, as can be seen from the company’s supply.
From the perspective of potential entrants, the glass sheet industry is a non-standard product, complex manufacturing process, and a high demand for technology. And companies have a clear weighting of assets (50% of fixed assets + and depreciation 7% of total revenues +), high capital spending (high demand for certification techniques), clear barriers to money, technology, scale, and barriers.
The position of glass as the dominant material remains intact from the point of view of alternatives, as we have already detailed the advantages of glass over materials such as ceramics, metals, and composite plates (plastics). The next buyer’s bargaining power, we believe, is not fully aware of the company’s enhanced bargaining power.
The company will be involved in the process of raising the value and bargaining power of the beneficiary ' s dual-benefit products. If the first 2d/2.5d front glass manufacturer production model is the primary service screen module, the production model is strengthened by the 2.5d backwall. This is due mainly to the fact that the glass sheet is a non-standard product, and the terminal needs to be designed about 1+ years in advance in conjunction with the plant, such as the 3d glass sheet, which needs to be produced through the same process.
On the other hand, companies dominate and lead the 3d and 3.5d Windows and Protective Glass development, which is the lead sheep in window and glass technology development, global technological innovation is corporate, and customers need to co-innovate with companies at the end of the program. It is also stated above that beauty is the most important factor in consumer purchasing decisions, and in mobile phone market saturation.
Adding to the high end sales of mainstream brands, reliance on technology, production, and leading firms will be stronger. In 2018, for example, major brand clients paid $868 million in R&D subsidies, which suggests that companies will benefit from a process of increasing value and bargaining power for both products.
3.3 A combination of self-researching equipment, deep process accumulation, quality and stability of equipment consumption, self-technical and process experience has created barriers to competition for glass-plating enterprises, and automated facilities are designed to enhance company efficiency and efficiency.
The materials design, the quality of the core components of the hot bending equipment, the consumables, the process and the automation equipment referred to above, each of which is the core element of the enterprise ' s 3d glass production. Thus, the quality and stability of the materials consumed by the equipment, and the accumulation of their own technology and process experience have combined to construct the barriers to competition for glass-plating enterprises.
The research found that, as one of the company’s four major R & D strategies, the company had built competitive barriers to self-researching core equipment and core consumption. According to the company’s announcement, the company independently developed and worked with the equipment manufacturer to develop the production equipment needed, commissioned the equipment manufacturer with the confidentiality agreement, and agreed to supply the company exclusively for a period of confidentiality.
At the same time, the company is researching automation equipment and controlling the creation of a blues smart robot, which will greatly enhance the company’s production and use of bluestones, ceramics and smart cars.
4.1 Sapphire and ceramics: “small” screen markets, wearable and multi-scene, for both types of materials, sapphire materials are used on smartphone panels, smart watch panels, camera glasses, fingerprints, identification modules and smart home buttons, ceramic materials are used mainly in outer casings, back caps and parts (as discussed above).
The glass has a hardness of 6-6.5, and the sapphire has a hardness of 9; the sapphire is more hard than Conninggoorilla's glass, so the glass screen is less resistant than the sapphire screen. The sapphire radiation and conductivity of the sapphire screen are more sensitive than the glass, so the touch screen is more sensitive. But the weakness of the sapphire is also evident than the glass, and the price is more expensive (~10 times) and production is more difficult. This makes the sapphire screens less widely available on the cell phone.
Some of the only mobile phones are also positioned as high-end smart phones (for the niche market), such as the one that was launched in 2014 at the p7 (Sapphire), at a price of $700, twice the price of p7. The kyocera also launched the Duraforcepro2 (Sapphire Screen) in 2018, at a cost of $444.
It's still high-end, but it's marketable, like "small" screens. Prices and cost are high enough to make the sapphire screens unsuitable for mobile screens, but sapphire screens find markets on "small" screens like consumer electronics (non-mobile phones), for example, the applewatch part of a client (in stainless steel shell series) uses the sapphire as a protective mirror, and the iphone series uses the sapphire as a camera shield and fingerprint recognition.
Model caps (iphonex and subsequent series of face recognition techniques). Similar to smart phones, smart watches with sapphire screens are positioned in high-end series, such as applewatchs5 stainless steel + sapphire screens ($5499) more than the alewatchs5 aluminium metal + glass screens ($3199) $2,300 more expensive, Hmeitech mazfit smart meter 3 elite (Sapphire + titanium alloys) is located in comparison to the standard version (Bob).
4.1.1 Trends in industry: Wearable and multi-consumption climates are in the incremental market as a whole. idc projects that in 2019 it is expected that the global volume of serviceable equipment will reach 223 million, 302 million in 2023 and 12% in 2019-2023.
In September 2016, Apple launched a double iPhone 7plus, using the " Wide Corner + Long Cartoon " mode to achieve optical fission and digital background disillusionment.
The high-end p series and the mate series use three shots, in 2019 they all use three shots, in 2019 they all use three shots, in 2019 they become the flag, in three shots the flag, and in three more to the lower- and middle-end type (e.g. the iqoo series in vivo, in the red-mek 20 series) and in both the p30pro and mate30pro series they use four cards, and the apple new iphone 11 was upgraded from a single one last year to two.
iPhone11pro and promax were upgraded to three from last year's double camera, and next year they will be followed by an additional tof camera, with multiple patterns. A number of current smart terminal cameras using the sapphire as a protective mirror, with multiple patterns, will significantly increase the demand for the sapphire camera.
The company is a core strategic supplier of sapphire materials and ceramics to clients. The company ' s sapphire material is used mainly in the applewatch protection panel, the iPhone series of camera protection lenses and fingerprint recognition modules, and the ceramic material is used in the back of ceramics, the applewatch watch backs, the watch shells and the crowns. The global volume of smart watch delivery was 41% of the applewatch equipment in 2019, with applewatch accounting for about 50% of the total.
In 2012, the company launched ceramic and sapphire products, with sapphire cameras in 2012 protecting the lenses, and sapphire fingerprint recognition in 2013. The company now has the capacity to manufacture the entire industrial chain of these two materials, the sapphire side of which has mature sapphire crystals, the sapphire production, the whole industrial chain manufacturing capacity for the subsequent processing, and ceramics.
Precision ceramic powder raw materials and embryo manufacturing, sintering, and back-processing capabilities. According to the Sapphire Project announcement, the company now has 300 million sapphire camera protection mirrors, 240 million fingerprint recognition protection lenses and 30 million smart-wearing device shieldes, adequate production capacity, and 2019a customer iphone 11 was upgraded from a single one to two last year, iphone 11pro and promax.
Last year's double shot was upgraded to three, and next year there will be an increase in back-tof lenses, which will multiply the demand for camera protection mirrors and allow companies to fully enjoy the benefits of multiple upgrades. 4.2 Smart cars: identity conversion, high-quality customers, growth times
The medium- and long-term view of the market for vehicle monitors. Car monitors are mainly used in six locations, influenced by the downside of the city, and the vehicle monitors have declined since 2018h2 and, for the first time in 2019, their output has fallen, but in the medium and long term, we are still very well looking at the vehicle monitors, mainly on the basis that: 1) car electrons are the incremental market after the smartphone. 1) In terms of current vehicle sales, inland car sales have gradually increased.
To 30%. 2) There is still a huge increase in the number of cars in the country for the current 1,000, compared to 400 in Japan. 3) Automobile costs as a percentage of unmanned cars and adas development. 2) Future auto-drives and new security controls will require more significant vehicle-borne controls (csd, ~50%) that are critical and of increasing value for each vehicle. In the size of the vehicle monitor market, the vehicle-mounted controls are on-board.
(csd, ~50%) is essential. The vehicle is a display panel in the center of the cockpit, with navigation, audio display, temperature regulation, etc. Tesla first introduced a 17-inch medium screen in 2012, triggering a tide in the industry, followed by two screens, screens, single screens, top screens, innovative screens, and the function of the control screens from being able only to display the number of songs, to dvd, gps navigation, and back-to-back online audio.
And social platforms, with an increasing value, ihs expect a medium-control screen value of $17 billion by 2020. Spare parts suppliers go to module suppliers, capture high-quality Tesla customers, and corporate smart car business is sustainable. Companies build on consumer electronic lead glass cap technology, layout smart car business, and use glass caps to take advantage of the industry chain to expand downstream assembly operations.
As a module supplier, becoming a first-tier supplier of controls in oem manufacturers. The share of upstream suppliers in smart car operations is more stable than in consumer electronics, mainly because of the longer cycle of certification in the automobile industry, and the fact that manufacturers do not usually change suppliers at will on the basis of safety and stability considerations.
The transformation of business identity into a modular supplier status allows companies to effectively control the total cost, increase the value of their products, and increase their influence in the supply chain. On the client side, the company is the core strategic supplier of Tesla’s control screen, while Tesla’s position in the smart car industry, similar to apples in consumer electricity, leads the innovation and development of the industry.
Financial analysis: high operational capacity, high investment in R & D, sustained good demand, good profitability, and excellent cash capacity. Based on trends in corporate collection of yoy and M & A rates, collection of yoy and cash capacity.
Māori rates have changed more consistently, confirming our earlier logic of demand and profitability, that when demand rises, the capacity to produce, the power to use, the company’s advantage of size will be released, and the profitability will increase rapidly. Companies as a whole were saturated by consumer markets in 2018 with their price-setting strategy (iphone 11 is relatively cheap) and pre-sale (Kyoto announces an increase of 480% over the same price for the iphone 11 series)
This year's sales are expected to reach 198 million (the market is expected to reach 160-180 million at the beginning of 2019), and a new wave of sales of 5g mobile phones in 2020 will continue to improve the demand and profitability of the company. On the basis of cash sales/buy-outs, the overall 1:1 relationship suggests that the company has an excellent cash capacity.
Corporate performance is remarkable. The corporate net business cycle as a whole has been declining, from about 21 days in 2018 to 2015, indicating an increase in the company’s ability to pay back and cash, and in the company’s production and sales rate, which largely validates our previous conclusion that companies’ bargaining power in the industrial chain has improved.
The company's research and development strategy has been more fully implemented. Since its listing, the company has deepened its research investment in “new products, new materials, new processes and new equipment” and has spent 1.3 billion yuan on R&D over the last three years, representing 5 per cent of operating income.
The proportion of people in total is about 12%. Horizontally compared to domestic e-business, companies rank top 10 out of 232 related e-businesses. This shows that firms invest heavily in R & D, both horizontally and vertically, and that R & D strategies are well implemented.
Over the past three years, the company’s operating income/remuneration has increased over the past three years, indicating that the company’s personnel are being managed more efficiently.
We split the company ' s performance by value according to business attributes, broken down into mobile phones (further divided into apples, Andres), flatboard computers, smart watch, auto electronics (medium screens), and, for example, apples at the end of the chain, based on the volume of apples (new and old), company shares, asp.
The profit cycle drives stock prices up significantly. We also counted the sales of a customer ' s mobile phone, the collection price, and the correlation of the company ' s stock prices.
Taking into account the positive trend in corporate profits over the last three years, we're going to use the peg valuation method. We've selected six companies with comparable consumer electronics chains, with a peg equivalent of 0.63 in 2020 at the company ' s current stock price, and an underestimation of the average industry (0.96). We give the company industry an average of peg0.96, chart 51.iphone sales and changes in the company ' s collection price.
Figure 52. Trends in company prices and apple prices, competition between companies that outperform expectations, 3d and 3.5d glass panels, changes in export tax return policies, new company product options and production capacity uphills, risk of loss of orders from large customers
Address: Guangzhou International Finance Centre, 4th Floor, 5 Juju River Road, Guangzhou City