The industry has benefited from a massive increase in the price of glass sheets, which were used in a variety of ways, on November 04, 2019, highlighting the platform-based development patterns.
• Deep-farming glass sheet market, where industry leads to a turning point in performance: the company is mainly engaged in research and development and marketing of physical spare parts, with the lead volume in the glass sheet market being the highest in the country. With strong R & D reserve innovation and efficient production operations, the company city is well placed.
The field share has further increased, and with the advent of the 5g switch, the growth dynamics of the company's future performance 5g and 3d glass upgrades are driving up the volume of glass sheets and the market size is expected to continue to grow: 5g smartphones are expected to become a new dynamic for the development of the global smartphone industry, with mimo day
The technological upgrading of wire and millimetre wave communications will drive the non-metallicization of smartphone case materials. Glass covers, quality versus value, are expected to increase significantly in the use of 5g-year-old products. Moreover, glass panels are better suited to wireless charge functions, as wireless chargers are in the smartphone market.
The market demand for glass covers is expected to increase further. At the same time, there is a clear upward trend in the pre-bullet smartphone glass shield from 2d/2.5d to 3d glass, along with the changing design of glass materials for grinding and strength breaking and the coloured optical effects of the glass caps, the smartphone system.
It is hoped that the volume of single machines will continue to increase, thus contributing to the continued growth of the glass sheet market. The deep-deep glass manufacturing has enhanced the core competitive advantage, and the polygons highlight the platform pattern: companies have mastered the core technology in the area of hand-held glass sheeting, continuously optimizing the glass process and process, and upgrading production.
The company actively promotes the automation of production and smart manufacturing, which significantly improves its process accuracy and productivity in glass-plating products, such as 3d glass, with significant advantages in scale. At the same time, the company’s deep-deep consumption of electronics and glass protection has accumulated.
A high quality and stable customer resource plays a key role in the stability of the company ' s operations and in ensuring the quality of its revenues. It also helps the company to invest more resources in R & D, thus creating a virtuous environment for doing business and ensuring the competitiveness of the company ' s market.
▪ Diversified new material layouts and platform-based development patterns open new spaces for growth: companies actively expand new and dynamic business, enrich product layouts, invest substantial resources in manufacturing and production automation such as sapphire, ceramics, metals, biometrics, contact control modules, etc., to build platform-based competitive excellence
As new product development and market expansion progress steadily in the future, companies have long-term growth dynamics.  Profit predictions and investment ratings: companies in the deep-deep glass-plating area, with a prominent leader, are expected to benefit from the growth of protected glass markets driven by 5g, wireless charging, and 3d glass upgrading.
Deep-farming glass-plating market, where industry leads to 1.1. Deep-farming glass-plate market, where leaders are prominent.
Research and development and marketing, the main products include windows and protective parts of materials such as glass, sapphire and ceramics, which are widely used in the areas of smart phones, tablet computers, wearable products and smart cars. Companies now have the highest volume of products in the glass-cover market, with a prominent leader.
In Hong Kong, Rance holds 67.57% of the company’s shares and holds the company’s shareholdings. Zhou Quanfeng and Jung Jun Long together hold 74.97% of the company’s shares for the company’s physical control.
The layout, with sustained leading R & D inputs, enables the company to develop design from specialized models, production equipment, development, rapid R & D of specialized products and production on scale, and looks at the process, technology and scale of production of protected products at a firm international lead.
In recent years, the company has been closely following the technological upgrading of consumer electronics, actively following up with major brands on developments in upstream technology requirements, developing and leading inputs, further extending the industrial chain, and has now covered windows, touch screens, touch screen models, cameras, buttons, ceramics and metal accessories.
1.3. Research and development innovation and profit management have shown positive results, with a turning point in business performance in 2018 when companies achieved business income of 27,717 million yuan, an increase of 16.94 per cent in the same year and net profit to mothers of 637 million yuan, a decrease of 68.88 per cent in the same year. In the first three quarters of 2019, companies achieved business income of 20,595 million yuan, an increase of 8.43 per cent in the same year.
The net return to the mother is $1,109 million, an increase of 4.11 per cent over the same period. Three quarters of the company’s performance has reversed significantly, largely benefiting from: a new generation of middle- and upper-end intellectually capable of consuming electronics by major global consumer electronic brand clients, and better market sales.
The market share has risen steadily, with the use of platinum, sand-based glass cover, hallucinogenic glass cover, and so on. With strong R & D reserve innovation and efficient production operations management, companies have ensured the smooth delivery of a large number of new products by major brand clients around the world, with a further increase in capacity utilization and intellectual wisdom.
High-quality growth in mobile phones, smart-wearing devices, tablet computers, laptops, smart home appliances, smart cars, etc. contributed to performance growth. Figure 5: Changes in corporate operating income
With the advent of the second half of the e-consumption season, new products from the company ' s major domestic and foreign customers will be released, and the advantages of the company ' s productive capacity and high delivery rates will gradually emerge, while the company will continue to raise its intellectual manufacturing levels, reduce its production costs, improve its productivity efficiency and have sufficient growth momentum for its future performance.
In terms of income composition, the company’s main business is prominent. In the first half of 2019, mobile phones, flat-plate-protected glass-gated camps, the annual e-consumption season, the company’s major international customers are expected to spend their new products gradually, while the company continues to optimize the manufacturing processes of products such as glass, ceramics, etc., and enhances the value added of the products, which is expected to lead to an increase in the share of high Maori products. In addition, the company,
Increased automation of production lines is expected to lead to significant improvements in the production and management costs of companies, thereby increasing corporate profitability Figure 8: Changes in corporate Māori Rates: Net cash flows from company operations in 2018 amounting to $4,873 million, companies in the first three quarters of 2019
The net cash flow generated by the operation was $3.470 billion, and the overall business situation was positive; the glass sheet market was on the rise and the market size was expected to grow steadily, with 2.1.5g, wireless charging driving the increase in glass sheet penetration and a significant increase in product use.
As the 5g commercial process accelerates, the 5g mobile phone will become a new dynamic for the development of the global smartphone industry. There are significant innovations in bandwidth, low-time delays, and wide-area connectivity compared to 4g, with far-reaching implications for mobile devices applications. According to idc, the global penetration rate of 5g mobile phones in 2019 was only around 0.5%, and is expected to increase in the future.
Rapid penetration, which led to a rapid increase in mobile phone sales of 5g. According to idc, the global volume of 5g mobile phone shipments in 2023 was expected to reach 401 million, an increase of 23.9 per cent compared to the previous year. The upgrading of the Mimo antenna and millimetre wave communications in the 5g era contributed to the non-metallicization of mobile phone case materials.
The achievement of high-speed and bandwidth properties depends on the upgrading of wireless communication technologies such as mimo antennas, millimetre waves of communications. mimo antenna technologies use multiple antenna combinations to achieve wireless communication within the broadband band, and, according to qorvo estimates, 5gnr uses 4 x 4 mimo in the sub-6g band, requiring 4 antennas, and ite is also required to deploy 4 antennas.
Antennas, while w-fi uses 2x2mimo technology, require two antennas. In addition, the gps system will need to be equipped with a fixed number of antennas, so that the number of internal antennas in the 5g cell phone will increase significantly, and the design complexity of the antenna system will increase significantly.
In addition, 5g uses communications technology in the millimetre wave band, while the millimetre wavelength is long and less permeable.
The electromagnetic shielding effects of metal casings can seriously affect the signal strength of millimetre waves. The quality and value of glass panels are equal to the value of the 5g-year product is expected to increase significantly.
Signal shielding, etc. has limited application in the 5g mobile phone market, and the potential of non-metal casings in the 5g mobile phone market is highlighted. In the non-metal housing, glass covers have less electromagnetic shielding effects, and glass has sufficient grindability, plasticity and strength than other non-metal materials, such as ceramics, plastics, and at the same time light weights, matching hands.
At the same time, the glass sheeted industrial chain is better equipped, raw materials are better supplied, and the process is relatively mature and good, thus providing a better value for product and is suitable for large-scale commerce. Thus, in the 5g era, glass material became the dominant shell for balancing quality with cost, and is expected to be 5g in the future.
Mobile phone market penetration is accelerating, and, according to counterpoint data, glass sheet penetration in the smartphone market will reach 60% by 2020. The use of glass sheeting is expected to increase significantly, driven by the growth in the volume of 5g mobile phone shipments.
In addition, as an easy and secure radio transmission technology, wireless charging is a major innovation in the physicals of traditional end-users, and there are vast applications in consumer electronics markets, which are expected to become more widespread in the future in smartphones. Wireless charging is based on electromagnetic induction between cellular and intra-charger wire rings.
The transmission of electrical energy, and the presence of electromagnetic shielding of metal casings, increases the energy loss during wireless recharge, thus increasing the rate of resounding recharge. Glass covers are better suited to wireless charging functions and are expected to increase further as wireless chargers become more widely available in smartphone markets and the demand for glass sheets in the market is expected to increase further.
2.2.3d glass upgrades, glass performance optimization and optical effects design drive up the value of the product
Designed to provide excellent touch and handshake, and better user experience; on the other hand, soft-led displays, with a variety of advantages, such as lightness, strong colour performance, suitable for full screens and additional side displays, are expected to become the mainstream of new generation displays. Because soft-led displays are curved on the right and left sides of the screen, they are unable to use tradition.
2.5d glass is used as a sheet, so 3d glass becomes the preferred sheet scheme for soft-led displays, with 3d glass expected to become more popular as the oled market becomes visible; while 3d glass has better performance in terms of elasticity, hardness, and evasiveness than the traditional 2.5d and 2d glass. With the glass front shield, it is protected by 2d,
2.5d upgrades to 3d glass, and the corresponding amount of glass sheeting is gradually increasing. Figure 18: 3d waterfall glass products, glass hardness, etc. material properties are constantly breaking. Glass material properties are constantly being optimized, and they are large-scale merchants of glass sheeting.
In 2018, Conning published the sixth generation of gorilla glass, improving the material properties of the glass by introducing new glass-forming crystalline structures, and the sixth generation of gorilla glass products showed a doubling of hardness tests compared to the fifth generation of glass, significantly increasing the rigidity of glass sheets and obtaining scalding applications at multiple smart terminals.
The colored optical effects of the glass panels have contributed to the differentiation of smartphone products. Currently, the coloured optical effects of the smartphone glass, the coloured optical effects of the caps, have become a hot spot for product differentiation. With the use of nine layers of nanooptic plating on p. 30, China has achieved a rich product colour design that enhances the visual experience of mobile phones.
In the future, the colour design of the glass sheet is expected to penetrate further into the smartphone market. Figure 22: The coloured glass cover of the p30 mobile phone is shown in figure 23: the iphone 11 mobile phone is designed to return to the colour of the glass.
With the upgrading of the new 3d glass, the improvement of the material properties of the glass, and the penetration of the coloured glass sheet, the volume of the glass caps is expected to increase continuously, thus contributing to the continued growth of the glass sheet market. In 2016, our mobile phone shell market was about 39,162 million yuan, an increase of 11.59%.
The size of the glass sheet market is expected to grow rapidly as the glass sheet, driven by 5 g, wireless charge, and 3d glass upgrades, gradually increases in the proportion of materials such as ceramics, plastics, and metals. Deep-ploughed glass is made to reinforce the core competitive advantage, and glass sheet heads are always strong.
Research and development of innovative storage capacity with leading technological skills, with companies leading the way in the field of cellular glass-plate manufacturing. The company has worked deep in the glass-plate market for many years, and with continuous, efficient and accurate research and development innovations, the new product of the Department has steadily advanced, and has released waterfall 3d glass, sand-filled glass backsliding, phantom effects.
At the same time, the 3d-coated glass production is subject to deformations, landslides, fragmentations, and the multiplicity of glass manufacturing processes and production difficulties. As one of the first firms to enter the plastic glass industry, the company, after many years of accumulation and innovation, has mastered the core on the multiple processes made by the glass sheet.
In the area of 3d curled glass, based on extensive research and development and production experience, companies have developed new automated production equipment and significantly increased their workforce in glass-plating products such as 3d glass.
At the same time, the company, building on the already existing automated production and big data platforms, accelerates the digital connection of production equipment, the collection and analysis of equipment data, process data, detection data, and the high degree of synergy among the various types of equipment, the overall upgrading of intelligent manufacturing and production efficiency, with significant advantages in terms of production size.
Companies have accumulated a wealth of high-quality and stable customer resources in the area of consumer electronics protection glass. By virtue of their technological, product, and production scale in the area of glass manufacturing, companies have established stable partnerships with well-known national and international brands such as Samsung, lig, Amazon, Microsoft, Nokia, Huayung, oppo, vivo, Mi, and United Nations.
By working with high-quality customers, companies can keep pace with the rapid changes in the consumer electronics industry, accurately capture the future of the industry, and contribute to the forward-looking layout of their business. At the same time, stable, high-quality customer resources play a crucial role in the stability of the company’s operations and in ensuring the quality of its revenues, as well as enabling companies to invest more resources in research and development.
This leads to a virtuous cycle of business and ensures the competitiveness of the company ' s markets. Figure 26: Quality of corporate customer resources, diversity of new material layouts, platform-based development patterns opening up new opportunities for growth
The sapphire crystals are the hardest oxidizer crystals, characterized by scratch marks, microwave passage, high grinding, high optical performance, etc., are excellent infrared materials. The sapphire crystals are resistant to high temperatures and can be found at close to 2,000 degrees Celsius.
The sapphire material has a wide range of applications. The sapphire is the ideal for creating large-scale and super-large integrated circuits. The materials, the integrated integrated circuits have the advantages of high-speed, low-power, high-intensity and radiation resistance.
There are a wide range of applications in the fields of circuits, microwave media materials, infrared windows. Sapphires are currently used mainly in the fields of led, watch mirrors, window blades.
The company produces sapphires using a conductive model, and the materials used in this process are used to eliminate cutting, forming, etc. of sapphire materials, saves processing time and effectively reduces costs. At the same time, the company is actively and autonomously developing long crystals equipment and control systems, effectively shortening the crystal production cycle and significantly reducing energy consumption.
Well, it has reached international leadership and developed high-end applications for sapphire camera protection chips, fingerprint recognition protection lenses, smart wear equipment shieldes, etc. Currently, companies have been able to get through the development of sapphire long crystals, scale long crystal production, crystal material processing, etc.
At the same time, the company sapphire project is progressing steadily and is expected to produce 300 million sapphire-protected mirrors, 240 million fingerprint-identity-protected mirrors and 30 million smart-wearing device shields.
4.2. New ceramic materials are developed, new future markets are laid, smart terminal protective materials are widely used, except glass and sapphire, and porcelain-oxidation ceramic materials are widely used. The physical properties of ceramics such as strength, grindability, resilience, plasticity, etc. are multiplied, with excellent appearances and products.
At present, ceramic materials are used mainly in smartphones and wearable devices. In smartphones, ceramic materials are used to create fingerprint recognition module panels and back-lids, with excellent appearances, and are popular with consumers because of oxygen.
Ceramic ceramic materials are extremely intimate, so they are also used in large amounts of elastic equipment, such as the applewatch back cap, which uses porcelain oxide ceramic materials. The company founded the Blueshua Union subsidiary in 2012 to promote the consumption of electronic ceramics.
The model of the oxidized powder then completes its own full-scale process of embryo manufacturing, scalding to the later stage, and in the first half of 2015 will begin to produce progressively. After many years of process optimization, the company has effectively improved the fragile defects of ceramics and enhanced the performance of ceramics by adjusting traditional formulations, innovatively made burning processes, resistant to grinding, falling, and shocks.
The Division has already been able to produce a quantity of ceramics for the consumption of electronic casings, key presses, and protective tablets, and has successfully supplied them to end-users. As the cost of oxidized ceramics falls further, the company is expected to experience new performance growth.
The company now has mature sapphire crystals, equipment manufacturing, sapphire production, back-stage processing of whole-chain manufacturing, precision ceramics, precision metals, biometrics, contact control modules, etc.
Material manufacturing, scalding, back-stage processing capacity, bulk production capacity such as sophisticated metal structures, biometric modules, contact control modules, etc., building up platform-based competitive advantages. In the future, as new product development and market expansion progress steadily, company leaders figure 37: Corporate product lines are growing.
Cellular glass protection: The company has the core technology in the area of cellular glass protection, the product line layout is perfect, the product mix is steadily advancing, and the vanguard is well established. The demand for high-quality 3d glass for downstream 5g mobile phones has increased, and the value and volume of the company's mobile glass protection products are expected to grow rapidly, leading to a rapid harvest.
Plasma-protected glass: The company has a strong technological reserve in the field of tablet-protected glass, and the products in question have a significant competitive advantage in terms of quality and cost.
Significant market competitiveness is expected to be fully supported by the growth in demand for new materials and metal products in the consumer electronics market, the company's harvest regulations, the firm's deep-deep cultivation in the area of protective parts and components, represented by glass protection, and the growth of the market for protective glass, driven by profit 5g, wireless recharge and 3d glass upgrading. We expect the company to grow.
(Total market value, collection data updated as of 3 November 2019; other company eps, pe data, except for Lancet, are derived from a consistent wind expectation) 1) Downstream application market demand is not as high as expected: if consumer e-market demand falls short of expectations, the sale of corporate products can be affected, thus affecting the growth of corporate revenue.
2) The introduction of new products is less than expected: the development of products such as 3d glass is more specialized, there are certain technical barriers, technology development is difficult and research and development inputs are high, and if the development of new generation products is not as advanced as expected, the model and pace of growth of the company ' s core business may be affected.
2) Customer failure: A change in the firm's stable partnership with its major clients as a result of the slowdown in downstream demand, or the failure of the client to open up as expected, could have a negative impact on the company's business performance.