♪ Over the valley to meet new opportunities ♪ ♪ Dynamic study/electronic components ♪
. ..the glass process continues to change, the waterfall age has come, and companies are looking forward to new opportunities. ..consumption of the electronic glass, on the one hand, requires an increase in colour, and the current state-owned high-end machine has a general use of colouring, such as an aurora, and there is a trend towards mid- and low-end osmosis, on the other hand, 3d glass penetration is still relatively high.
Low, mostly in the 3,000 or so machine type, there's a lot of room for follow-on penetration. Moreover, with the introduction of the waterfall screen for mate 30, the glass-processing difficulty index is increasing, and Lance is expected to meet the opportunities of a new round of growth in the industry.
..in the low valleys, core competitiveness continues to rise, the glass-plate processing industry is typical of the best, and Lancet has gained experience in the glass-processing industry over the years, allowing companies to improve production rates before competitors, so that each new product can be used first.
Positive net profits from competitors, while Ramsey's mastery of glass-plated ink formulations can maintain the industry's absolute leading share in the low-end period when the unit is imported with a colored backfilled glass when compared to a 300-deep trend.
In addition, the company is actively developing new products, and is actively developing the market for ceramic exteriors in the presence of products that can be worn. The company is currently the only manufacturer that has access to ceramic structure powder formulations, scalding, and subsequent processing.
With the rising availability of goods, companies are expected to contribute more to their performance. Business cash flows remain flat to the top of 19H1 clients abroad, adding up a weak overall increase in sales of national produce, and companies’ performance in the first half of the year, driven by overall industry constraints.
The company had previously prepared a large amount of production capacity for large foreign clients, and the fees in the event of low capacity utilization were mainly due to the fact that the company received large R & D subsidies from large foreign clients last year, which led to a higher base, the removal of non-economical effects such as subsidies, and the fact that the company ' s 19H1 net profit, which was not returned to the mother, increased by 11 per cent on a year-on-year basis, proved that the company had gone through the most difficult way.
During the period, net cash flows from corporate operations amounted to $1.73 billion, a significant increase of 148 per cent over the same period.
Trade friction between Central America and the United States, technological changes among large clients, downgraded consumption, reduced downstream demand.
(i) The glass-plating industry continues to innovate, the industry is looking forward to new opportunities,1 the waterfall screens are on the rise, and glass processing demands upgrading.
It means that the screen bends down close to 90 degrees, and the screen is almost vertically turned down from the side of the phone in a form similar to the floating waterfall. Compared to the 3d screen, the waterfall screen is designed to give the user a peri-round visual experience, and the mobile screen is almost 100% visual. Moreover, because there are no visible volume buttons on the side of the plane, the volume is adjusted for mate30.
Adjusting the volume to lightly knock on the side of the cell phone, supported by vibrating feedback.
The microblank part of the screen is completely vertically bent, and when the waterfall screen is placed on the mirror table, the reflection and the body form a complete airframe contour interface.
The main difficulties currently facing the waterfall screen process are: deep vertical bends on the side, and when held directly on the screen, side touch screens need to be shut off; physical side keys will be removed and replaced with tentacles and vibrating motors; side screen glass will be easily hurt when a cell phone falls; amoled screens will be more difficult to match with glass, which will lead to a period of time when yield is good and the initial cost will be high.
Current waterfall screen processes are mainly molten and hot bending, using mainly glass-melting glue technology, which combines two glass pieces of glass, eventually forming an integral glass cell phone. The disadvantage of melting is that welding is not strong enough and is more likely to be damaged when falling. The conventional hot bending process is more mature, but less good when it comes to larger bending angles.
Table 1-2:3.5d Comparison of advantages and disadvantages of glass production processes
There's still a distance to the production stage, there's no bending of the design, the pattern can be modified according to demand, the waterfall screen is unstoppable, and the pioneers are on their way.
The waterfall screens are inexorably high, and the waterfall design has been announced for both the mate 30pro series and the vivonex3. With the annual flagship, with strong market feedback, we expect more end brands to join the waterfall screen, and the glass-processing industry is expected to grow in a new era.
(ii) The low-glow period was characterized by hard internal training and self-production of core equipment. q4 benefited from the release of iphonex in 2017, the use of large client glass sheets was increased from one to two, the capacity utilization of companies peaked, and 11.54 net return profits were achieved in a single quarter, representing an increase of 182 per cent in the same year and 98 per cent in the ring.
The company’s elasticity has been brought about by changes in the use of large client glass sheets in the new heights of its history. Eighteen years of iphonex sales, on the one hand, the company’s low capacity for equipment and, on the other hand, the company’s high number of new employees in order to match the expansion of its large client base, on the other hand, the company’s high depreciation costs, on the other hand, the significant increase in salaries and the company’s 18-year performance pressure.
During a period of low performance, firms stepped up their R & D efforts, invested in automation equipment and worked towards self-regulation of core equipment. R & D spending by 2019h1 increased significantly, to 7.25 per cent, and increased by 1.91 pct from 5.34 per cent in 18 years.
The development of a binary heat bender doubles the production efficiency of its peers, while the company's autonomous development of robotics for use in its own equipment has reached industry-class standards. The company now has rules from the development of sapphire crystallized equipment, large-scale long crystal production, deep processing of crystal material.
All-industry chains for bulk manufacture of cell applications: fully automated production of fine ceramic powder: bulk production capacity such as 3d-curve glass. At the same time, companies are pushing for automated production, building on existing platforms to further data collection and analysis, leading to a combination of process and supply chain optimization and an overall improvement in production efficiency.
Since its inception, Lancet has been working on the production and sale of electronic-intelligent terminal-looking spare parts, mainly from glass, sapphire, ceramics, etc., which are widely applied to medium- and high-end smart machines, tablet computers, smart-to-space settings.
There is a long-term and deep partnership with well-known national and international brands, such as Apple, Samsung, Wah, Mi, vivo, Tesla, Amazon, and so on. Big customers can wear a variety of all kinds of layouts, national machines, and brands.
In addition to applewatch, in recent years Lansian technology has supplied the front and back covers for Mate20, China for Nova4 and the lines of p20 and p30 for Blues. The company also provides back covers for red-mode 7, viviox21/oppor15, vivonex, vivox27, vivox27pro and millet9.
(iv) The first half of the year was over, waiting for the industrial boom to pick up, the first half of the year saw steady growth in income and fluctuations in net profits The first half of the year saw a steady growth in corporate operating income of $11,359 million, an increase of 427 per cent over the same period, compared with 2019
The first quarter saw an increase of 136.3% in trade frictions, and companies responded positively and market-drivenly by increasing the supply of support to domestic brand customers, while achieving steady growth in areas such as smart terminal equipment. In the same time, they also benefited from an increase in the sale of cellular backstuff glass products.
During the first half of the year, it was the soft season of consumer electronics, which was inevitably affected by industrial turbulence, production capacity was not exported as expected, and costs were raised, so the Maori rate fell and net profits were lost. In the third quarter, companies benefited from the release of new products from domestic and foreign customers, and they were expected to increase their market share and consolidate the flagship industries.
Figure 1-9: Trends in the Māori rate (%), returns in the first half of the year were marked by significant improvements in cash flows and improvements in corporate cash flows. Cash flows from operating activities in 2019q2 amounted to $1.73 billion, a year-on-year increase.
147.50%. This is mainly the result of the return of funds during the same period of the previous year.
Construction projects and window-protected glass construction projects. The company has changed the share price down several times, the latest conversion price being $10.44, and the electronics industry valuation of the Chosw industry is 35 times higher, and we believe that the company's next year's valuation is relatively low, with a “precautiously recommended” rating.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.