Second curve dynamic, ai server and self-research chip-led growth 02/2/2025 incident: August 28, 2025, Chinese News released its semi-annual report 2025.
A steady increase in revenue and a doubling of the second curve. \triangleright 25h1 income increased by 14.51 per cent and the second curve operations, represented by servers and storage, grew.
Businesses and consumers together account for more than 50% of the total. Companies have achieved significant strategic upgrades from “connection” to “connectivity plus computing”. 1) Businesses and businesses: revenues increased by 109.93% to $19,254 million on a year-on-year basis, driven by mobile phones and cloud computer products. 3) Operators’ network operations: invested in 5g by domestic operators.
Assessment: Profitability is constrained by changes in income structure, the market share of the second curve remains steady and the technology of 5g-a, 400gotn, etc., is actively deployed to consolidate the base plate. The change in business structure is a pressure on profitability, and cost-control effectiveness is evident.
\triangleright Operator Network Operations Compression, Arithmetic + Terminal Second Curve Power 2025/03/02
The net corporate interest rate was rated as q3 performance pressure, and the “connectivity plus arithmetic” of the deeper layout was significant. In addition, financial costs were increased by net interest income and currency exchange gains of $4.6 billion over the same period last year.
The conversion of the meta-cost to the current revenue of $445 million effectively offsets some of the impact of the decline in the Māori rate. Building a supernode solution to expand the national production of smart-thinking products.
Corporate wisdom supernode system, based on self-researching of a large ai exchange chip, linked to industry depth, to expand the 2024/04/28 super-large cluster of smart calculations to effectively support large model training and high-sum reasoning above the trillion parameters, initial construction
The company strengthens research and development and industrial eco-cooperation on smart-making products, and has developed home-grown smart-calculation products such as self-research chips, smart-calculators, mega-clusters, smart-calculators, and software programmes such as resource management platforms, push-and-drill platforms, big nebula models, smart-body factories, and hardware and hardware synergies.
Create an open, inclusive intelligence base that provides end-to-end, pan-basket solutions that satisfy diversity chips/nationally produced solutions/thinking supernominal systems that are expected to contribute to a higher share of products such as corporate servers, switches, etc., and keep the company's mobile phone growing, looking at the second curve. Maintain the recommended rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.