Server computing is on track for the future, the government and business are doing well, and the news bulletin (000063.sz) is reporting on the events of the company, which released its semi-annual report for 2025: the first half of 2025.
25h1 performance meets expectations, active expansion of the smartness data centre. In the second quarter of 2025, the company achieved business income of $38,585 million, a decline in growth compared to the previous year, and the business performance of the government was impressive.
The network basics were accompanied by an active expansion of the Ideas Data Centre project.
35.64 billion yuan, a 5.99% decrease in the same year, mainly due to the combined effect of a decline in income from wireless access products, an increase in server and storage income; a 52.94% Māori rate, a decrease of 1.38 pcts. In the traditional network of operators, companies are wireless and wired.
The market share of the core products has remained stable and rising. The company has pre-positioned a 5g-a-point technology orientation: a better share in the two-net integration project in Indonesia, 1 in Cameroon, 1 in China Communications (000063), in communication.
In the case of cable products, the company's domain is the cornerstone, and the layout + mobile phone business has been widely distributed in more than 350 operators in more than 100 countries around the world.
In the next generation of technology, companies are actively promoting 50 gpon firms, with deep participation in the construction of 400gotn with domestic operators.
In terms of servers and storage, companies account for the share of servers in the domestic operator, and the intelligence of the server continues to win the national product.
In terms of data centre switches, the company ranks first in the overall ranking of China's mobile data centre switches. On the side of the data centre, the company has end-to-end data centre solutions, self-researching liquid coolers,
In the first half of 2025, in the area of corporate business revenue storage, the company's whole series of intelligence servers catered to the head of the country's Internet company.
In terms of data-centre exchanges, in the Internet industry, the white box is delivered.
For the data centre package, companies focus on high-value head clients, customize services for Internet companies, and self-research.
The company has continued to expand its consumer portfolio in Latin America, North Africa, and Central Asia, and in the first half of 2025, the company's consumer business income has moved on to interconnected products around the “alforall” product strategy and strategy.
Read, release the first full-sized small folding cell phone of Deepseek, flip2, Nubian z70sultra cameraman and Nubian tablet pro, among others, a new one.
At the same time as the operator’s share of the market is first, the financial and large enterprise markets are being enhanced. Equipment operations are the bottom of the list, and there is a tendency to create a whole-of-the-ground smart solution.
Cycles open up potential growth space for corporate performance, maintaining “buy-in” investment appraisals Macroeconomic cycle volatility; geopolitical disturbances, increased industry competition, downstream ai-team presentations
Luzhoyang: Master of Arts (M.A.), National University of Australia, at Fangzheng Seok, four years of experience in research. 2023 Zhang Shuu: Bachelor of Science in International Political Economics, University of Haya padada, Master of Economics, University of Hong Kong, 2023 China Ishi Jun-yung: Master of Finance, University of Hong Kong, double degree in actuarials and statistics, University of New South Wales, researcher.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or not for, the specific submissions or opinions in this report.
In the 12-month period following the reporting date, the index of representativeness of the relevant securities market for which a stock market is based on 300 indexes: the new three market is based on three indexes (for the subject matter of the agreement on transfers) or three market indexes (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.