The smelting climate is warming and the company's profit level is expected to continue to recover.
● Refinement of the climate and further improvement of company performance of 2025q1 Crude oil cracks have fallen to a low of 2024q4, the price gap has recovered steadily in 2025, and the company’s performance has improved significantly in 2025q1. According to the company’s first quarterly report in 2025, the company achieved net return profit of 588 million.
The climate in the chemical industry has been warming, and the company’s performance has improved significantly in the first quarter of 2025. In conjunction with the current fuel oil policy, which has either become frequent or allowed marginal refining to take off, the value of the company’s high-quality assets has gradually emerged.
The bulletin on the tariff adjustment programme, in which the schedule " Provisional schedule of taxes on imports " , announced that the rate of taxes on fuel oil imports had been adjusted from 1 January 2025 to 3 per cent, an increase of 2 percentage points. In addition, according to the steel unionization information, the percentage of tax credits on fuel oil consumption would be deducted from the current full amount (100 per cent) from January 2025.
Down to 50-60% of the area. In this context, a refinery producing diesel fuel for imported fuel oil may face double cost pressures. According to the steel chain, the capacity utilization rate at the Shandong Independent Refinery has declined to around 48% since 2025. We believe that, along with the introduction of related policies such as fuel oil, the industry’s marginal production capacity or
• The company continues to “creak the chain.” The global leadership in refining the product matrix, enhancing profitability, and the company’s strategic collaboration with Amer have further consolidated its position in the industry. In the case of the “creaking the chain”, test installations were put into operation in 2024; rare earth.
The experimental production of the Sundeen rubber device has been successful; projects such as the new material in the gold pond have been advanced in an orderly manner, which has resulted in a widening of the company’s diversity and high-end product matrix. We note that the company’s level of profitability as a smelting tap will be gradually repaired, downstream differentials will further increase profitability.
On the bottom of the refining industry, the climate rebounded steadily, and the crude oil crack price gap fell to a low point of 2024q4 and the price gap recovered steadily in 2025. According to our calculations, the average price difference as of April 23 was $1,654 per ton, showing a quarterly improvement in the ring comparison.
The temperature has recovered steadily. The price difference for the acetylene is also warming. As of April 25, the oil price gap for the ethylene-stone brain was 202. Figure 3: The price gap for the acetylene-stone brain was higher than at the beginning of 2025. Figure 4: The price gap for the px-stone brain is low.
The px-stone oil price gap has yet to recover, the pta price gap has remained good at 2025q1. The benefits have been more affordable, with px production profit in April 2025 still in a theoretical deficit, according to the Begawan Mobil.
US$/tonne, which is still in a loss position. Compared to px and pta, the price differential and profitability of the aromatic industry chain product has been good, with Poy ' s annual average price difference of US$1,293 pert as at 28 April 2025. Figure 5: Pta-px price spreads due to excess pta
Figure 6: In 2025, the price differentials between the fumes and the fuel oils were high, and the industry’s marginal capacity was or will be phased out.
The bulletin on the tariff adjustment programme, in which the relevant definitions of fuel oil, the number of tariff codes and the tariff rates were adjusted, shows that the provisional rate of tax applied prior to the import of fuel oil, as set out in the schedule to the bulletin, Provisional Tariff Schedule for Imports, was 1 per cent, and has been adjusted to 3 per cent since 1 January 2025, raising it by 2 percentage points.
In this context, the cost of processing is expected to increase further for enterprises that are more dependent on imported fuel oil, thus squeezing their operating profits and making their operations more difficult.
The policy is expected to have an impact on the use of more fuel oil (domestic production and imports) and the dilution of asphalt as raw materials, and to raise the cost of this portion of the tax charge by $450-600/t. At the same time, according to recent information and customs data, only 138.26 per cent of national fuel oil imports in March 2025 are expected to occur.
In the context of tons of tons, a further 57.12 million tons, a 29.24 per cent decrease, a 50 per cent decline in the same year, and a more monthly import volume, refineries producing diesel fuel from imported fuel oils may face double-cost pressure. According to the steel union, the capacity of Shandong Independence Refinery has declined further since 2025, as of the end of April.
By early, it has fallen to about 48%. We believe that with the introduction of related policies such as fuel oil, the industry’s marginal production capacity or figure 7: the composition of mountain-eastern refined raw materials is diversified; the composition of mountain-eastern refined raw materials (2018-2024)
Import of crude oil  Nationally produced crude oil  Import of fuel oil
▪ Import dilution of asphalt Figure 8: Since 2025, the capacity utilization of the Shandong Independent Refinery has declined further 3 and the company ' s industrial chain layout has improved, and the refining of the pipeline has been repaired and ready for release 3
In addition, the company’s strategic collaboration with Amer has further consolidated its position in the industry. Since 2023, Saudi Arabia and America have entered the strategic stock market.
In 2024, the company, in cooperation with Saudi Arabia and the United States of America, developed a joint expansion of China's gold petrochemical and sasref, which was further enhanced by globalization. In 2024, in the “chain-up chain”, the petrochemical annual production of 1,000 tons of α-vinyl hydrocarbons was tested.
Launching, laying the foundation for the integration of the Poe ' s entire industrial chain; the successful pilot production of 100,000 tonnes/year of rare-skinned rubber devices, marking an important step for companies in the field of green tyre materials; and the orderly advancement of projects such as new gold pond materials, which have resulted in a widening of the corporate diversity, high-end, green product matrix.
Figure 9: The corporate product matrix is improving. According to the company ' s first quarterly report in 2025, the company achieved net return profit of 588 million yuan, an increase of 486.62 per cent over the ring; net gain of 618 million yuan, an increase of 736.04 per cent over the ring.
The matrix continues to expand, cost-end control capabilities are optimized, and the company’s performance is high in the first quarter of 2025. The price of oil fluctuates significantly, and the company’s costs fluctuate, affecting inventory gains and losses and product price differentials. Downstream demand is less than expected, and the demand for the company’s end-products is more related to the macroeconomic environment.
Lack of stability or impact on the volume and prices of the company ' s products, the process of project implementation has fallen short of expectations.