The event of March 27, 2025: a series of major changes in the five-food marketing system, during which we went to the city during the spring sugar season, led to a massive increase in the number of people in the world.
In 2025, to strengthen marketing power and optimize market regulation, the company pushed for marketing reform. 1) Personnel management: companies are professionalized.
The new general manager, after taking up his post, has studied the market in depth and personally seized marketing. At the same time, the company promoted three sub-general marketing managers, Jiang Jia, in a market-based fashion, in order to flatten 27 marketing districts; and marketing.
The team called for further performance appraisals, upgrades of staff and specific breakdowns of business work, and for better implementation of the marketing team's combined fists: (ii) organizational aspects: (i) abolition of five sections, establishment of a marketing company, with nine units.
Door, covering strategic functions such as branding operations, digital marketing, overseas outreach, etc., in order to shorten the decision-making process and respond efficiently to market changes. 2 is the establishment of a proprietor-owned company for new channels, new scenes, new demand. 3) Channel control: announced by the company in early January 2025.
The suspension of traditional channels, followed by a request for a reduction of the traditional channel quota in accordance with the uniform rules, was carried over by a newly established exclusive company, which opened up sales directly. In the context of the backlog of social stocks and the pressure of the P5 round, this helped to raise corporate marketing ownership and enhance resource integration.
The Sichuan Soaking and Sichuan Soaking Co. Ltd. and Sichuan Soaking Co. Ltd. were established.1 The Sichuan Soaking Marketing Company, a 100% shareholding partnership with the five dredging supply chain management partnership, the latter partner.
For 19 major traders and five buyers: 19 major players are located mainly in Henan and Jiang Zhen regions, each with $30 million each, and 5 purchase partners in the executive branch. 2 Sichuan Veng sales company is supplied with 5 tons of rice.
The chain management partnership holds 100% of the shares, with 14 major businesses and five small businesses: 14 major businesses in North and South China, each with $30 million each, and five small executive partners.
By binding major regional firms to be governed by uniform rules, it helps to avoid run-off and price introduction, and Five Grains (000858): by the first three quarters of 2024 and the reduction of existing traditional channels quotas, it is also in the interest of traders to sell the price at a higher price;2 it is to facilitate better cross-financing.
Performance rating: marginal downscaling, rhythmicity, source of grid-connected marketing management and enhanced marketing control up to end of c. ▪ Change style is strong, short-term price stability has worked, and looks forward to a positive follow-up end of c sales
Results. Building on the existing large-scale business system, the five-food fluids have taken a crucial step in the eco-optimization of channels, and the changes in channels brought about by the exclusive companies, combined with the professional management of the executives of business marketing, will be a useful attempt by companies to strengthen marketing controls. In the short term, the channels have been restructured and the flow channels reduced.
In the middle and long term, the proprietorship system allows for the binding of core firms and the consolidation of multiple forces to help stabilize the scale and price table;
A new model of cross-border marketing that can be explored in partnership with consortium buyers, with a focus on resource development, new needs, new scenes, will be an important vehicle for exploring avenues for innovative business operations. Follow-up can focus on corporate innovation in group purchasing.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment proposals: The industry valley is both a pressure period for the rapid adjustment of alcohol companies and an opportunity for unbroken, business start-ups, and expects companies to push the marketing business to rejuvenate through a failed marketing system reform. We fine-tune the parent ' s net profit forecast for 2024-26.
Three major financial forecasting tables for the five grain fluids. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations.