\triangleright is almost equal to the same, with net return on investment of $96 million, a decrease in the same year, mainly due to investments in associated enterprises.
Power: The 46 series of large cylinders is well under way. The company's first large cylinder line has been completed, and the company expects to add two production lines by the end of the year.
3.44 mwh storage energy products, with a single whh cost down. Companies expect better economic battery prices in 2024, higher demand for storage energy in overseas markets and higher growth in the storage industry Consumption: Small cylinder batteries are expected to return to profitable levels in four quarters.
\triangleright ion batteries have been growing steadily, with sales of small cylindrical batteries increasing on a monthly basis, and in the fourth quarter of 2023 the company expected a gradual recovery in the Māori rate of its products.
Risk factors: Unexpected demand for new energy vehicles: lithium battery technology: price volatility of raw materials.
Centre for Securities Research and Development, University of Beijing, 9th Street, City Street, West Side, Beijing, with responsibility for research in the photovoltaic industry.
Chen Jie, team member, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, responsible for lithium electric materials, Sun-yun, Research Assistant, New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Finance, Shandong University, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022, responsible for the new
Li Woo-min, member of the team, Master of Economics, National University of Australia, Bachelor of Arts, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2023, Wang Jilin, Assistant for New Energy Research in Electrical Equipment, Master of Finance, University of Gangdan, 1 year of experience in industrial research, and joined the Sinda Securities Research Institute in 2023, in charge of wind power research.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.