The real business is sound, and the price of the milado copper mine II is expected to be \triangleright: copper prices are stable, spot tc falls sharply, and the price of sulphuric acid rises significantly. 2025q2/2025q1,
\triangleright growth of 11.4 per cent and -3.1 per cent, respectively, with an average value of $672 and $773 per g of gold in the previous period, respectively, ring ratios - $8.68 and $40.67 per ton, respectively, representing a decrease of 134 per cent and 3925 per cent, respectively, in the same year; and an average price of sulphuric acid in the Ensign.
Qiuzu, 576 and 443 ton, respectively, ring ratio changes + 30 per cent and 16 per cent respectively, same ratio changes + 168 per cent
Smelting impacts are limited, by-products are more profitable than by-products. At the smelting end, copper processing costs make significant smelting profits. \triangleright drops are significant, but the impact is limited and the decline is much smaller than the decline in processing fees, or mainly by-product contributions.
In terms of the profits of the smelting subsidiary, the 25h1 gold-down copper industry realized a net profit of 323 million yuan, a decline of 30 per cent in the same year; the red-peak copper realized a net profit of 190 million yuan, a decline of 36 per cent in the same year. The company ' s smelt-out profits were clear or were mainly due to the smelting by-products, with the company ' s first half-year Māori rate for chemicals and other products being 55.04 per cent in the same year.
The one-time income tax adjustment has significantly reduced performance and returned to sound business. At the mine end, \triangleright Mirado copper has earned 2,096 million yuan in profits and net profits - 2,516,000 yuan, mainly on income tax charges.
As a result of the one-time treatment. As a result of the adjustment of the distribution arrangements of the offshore subsidiaries of the Central Iron Copper Crown, the income tax is recognized at a cost of about 1.36 billion yuan, thereby reducing the 25-year net profit to the mother of about 952 million yuan. The second quarter of corporate income tax core: up and down the chain of the copper industry, the strong chain. Upstream: the Mirado copper mine is fully infused.
\triangleright will also be further enhanced. Mediumstream: new copper-based materials project is moving ahead in an orderly manner, smelting capacity is expected to increase, benefiting from traffic and location advantages, smelting costs are on the left side of the cost curve, with significant cost advantages. Downstream: copper annual production.
Profit forecasting and investment proposals: Integrating development of the copper industry chain continues, production capacity is progressing steadily, \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.