Increased profitability of the Mirado copper mine, with non-ferrous and industrial metals on the verge of production in phase II. The share of trade revenue in the 2025h1 trade has fallen to 0.8 per cent; the decline in cash flows is mainly attributable to public service
A new 500,000 tons of copper smelting could be produced in March this year, with an increase in the stock of raw materials. The lower net profit from the 2025q2 quarter camp, 2025q2, was mainly due to the ecsa bonus from the offshore company China-Corque copper crown, making it the largest copper smelting company in the world. In March this year, the company's new copper-based materials project (500,000 tons of copper smelting) became the largest copper smelting company in the world.
The copper smelting plant has a capacity of 2.2 million tons, of which 1.96 million tons are crudely refined, exceeding the Jiangxi copper industry as the largest copper smelting company in the world. The copper smelting plate maintains a more profitable capacity and is held hostage in the second half of the year. In the first half of this year, the gold bronze industry has a net profit of 324 million yuan, and if it is simply converted to production capacity, the gold can be converted into gold.
In the first half of the year, the net profit of a smelter was around $1 billion, and mining copper production increased and costs decreased. According to company announcements, between January and May of this year, millions of dollars were spent in the Milado copper mine, and a single month of production in the Milado copper mine was around 10,000 tons, which is a simple estimate of the Milado in June.
By the end of June, $3.37 billion had been invested in the Milado Copper II project, with 95% progress achieved, and a heavy load test vehicle in July. After the birth of Mirado II, the company’s copper mineral is expected to reach 310,000 tons, with a copper company on the market second only to the purple gold mine and the Luoyang molybdenum industry.
Copper Mahal Color (000630/sz) - Copper smelting costs are very competitive, Mirado II is now, and according to a company announcement, the cost of the Milado Copper mine II is only about 70% in one phase, if the amount of copper in the copper mare (000630/sz) increased by 239% in 2023, net in one quarter.
The cost is $28,000 per ton and a rough calculation of $19,600 per ton for phase two.
310,000 tons and lower costs, as well as the global competitiveness of the company's copper smelting capacity, its high-risk resilience, and the benefits of the copper smelting capacity to clear and maintain a “better than the big market” rating. The gold stream of $380 million (-83.4%); and the low rate of growth in operating income due to the company's initiative to compress low Māori trade earnings.
Revenue from trade operations in 2025h1 has fallen to 0.8 per cent; the decline in cash flows is mainly due to the company's new 500,000 tons of copper smelters, as well as the increase in income tax costs due to the ecsa dividends of a subsidiary outside China's bronze crown, which reduces the net profits from the current period; Smelting plates: to become the largest copper smelter in the world
In March of this year, the company ' s new copper-based materials project (500,000 tons of copper smelting) was launched, bringing the company ' s copper smelting capacity to 2.2 million tons, of which 1.96 million tons of rough smelting capacity exceeded the Jiangxi copper industry as the world ' s largest copper smelting company.
The net profits in the first six months of the original three smelters were around $1 billion. The copper smelters, including the companies, had a profit in the first half of the year, with factors such as high prices for sulphuric acid, high rates of copper smelting, high prices for by-product gold and silver.
These factors continue to be maintained, but the stock cycle factors for the raw materials are decreasing. Mineral plate: Mirado II, increased production, reduced costs. According to company announcements, the net profit of the business owner of the Mirado copper mine was $171 million in January-May this year.
By the end of June, a cumulative investment of $3.37 billion in the Milado copper mine II project had been completed, with 95% of the progress being made, and a one-month production of the Milado copper mine in July.
In the postnatal phase of Rado, the company’s copper minerals are expected to reach 310,000 tons, after the purple gold mine and the Luoyang molybdenum industry. And according to the company’s announcement, the cost of the second phase of the Mirado copper mine is only 70% left. Right, if the cost is 28,000 yuan/tonne, the approximate cost of the second phase is 19,600 yuan/t.
In June of this year, the company announced an adjustment to the external subsidiary ecsa’s split arrangement, which, according to media reports, amounted to $1,144 million. This generated a dividends tax, based on the undistributed profits of ecsa, which recognized income tax costs of RMB 1.360 billion, which was calculated as a 70 per cent shareholding ratio, reducing the net return to the mother of listed companies by RMB 950 million.
It's a cumulative calculation of past years, with a greater impact on the quarterly profits of listed companies, and the future of the crediting red tax will not be a sensitive analysis of profit projections, the price of non-ferrous metals has fluctuated significantly in recent years, and the profits of listed companies in mining have fluctuated, and we choose copper prices and copper prices.
As two important variables affecting profits, copper concentrate processing fees provide an analysis of the sensitivity of the company’s net return profits in 2025, as shown in the table below. Lower costs, coupled with a global competitiveness of the company’s copper smelting capacity, which is more risk-resistant and benefits from copper smelting
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party's approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.