Annual Report 2022 & Quarterly 2023: Industrial abduction, Research Assistant Xie Chul Dynasty, Keyword: #Performance #New Products, New Technologies, New Clients
The increase in the share of energy vehicles has put pressure on 22 years, and 23 years of price reductions for raw materials have led to a steady increase in the overall Māori rate. New business digitization, large energy management inputs, are also expected to increase steadily throughout the year.
F/server/plc/industrial robotics revenues 43.3/49.9/13.1/560 million, compared to the same year when new items were introduced, digitization and energy management opened up future space. ▪ New Energy Vehicles & Elevators: New Energy Camps increased by 70% and q1 Camps by 2%.
Wide steam, small pelicans are top3 customers, new forces are close to traditional cars, client structures are optimized, and customers like Wilmer have lost more than they lost in 22 years; 23 years with domestic and foreign clients, delivery rhythms + high base for the same period.
Quarterly reports predicting a near-increasing recovery in industrial controls, with income expected to be equal, with profits falling faster than revenues. Long as expected, new energy vehicles & elevators are growing.
▪ Digitalization, internationalization, energy management operations carry “the next five years”: 1) digital industry model, with the Yooyang plant taking the lead in building a model for energy control. 2) Internationalization operations are fully home-grown, with 10+ industries, such as air-pressure machines, air-conditioning, etc., implemented over 22 years; 3) energy management operations
Large domestic stock orders amounted to 3gw, followed by a focus on the user side light storage market and overseas markets. Performance forecast evaluation: performance against expectations, profit forecast and investment rating: we maintained the company ' s net return profit of $5.4 billion in 2023-24, respectively
New energy car clients are impairmented) with assets impairment of 130 million (Bestest goodwill impairment equivalent) and non-economic gains or losses of 930 million (660 million over the same period, due to a significant increase in fair value of the M & As Fund and expected to increase steadily in the following year). Figure 4: Corporate quarterly operating income (billion yuan, %)
Figure 5: Quarterly net profit return by the company (billion yuan, per cent) ratio: 1) 22 years of interest is under pressure due to high bulk & chip prices, but raw material prices have fallen short for the same period of 23 years; 2) no price disruption at the price end of a company ' s industrially controlled product in the new energy sector is significant and the product is fast-paced to sustain
Price stability, as reflected in 23q1; 3) Structural analysis, where the share of new energy vehicles is lower than the increase in the structure of the Māori ratio, is due to the fact that strategic operations such as digitization, energy management, etc. continue to cost more in terms of recruitment of personnel (especially software staff, continued price reductions for raw materials (especially semiconductors) and a return to robust growth overall, with cost rates expected to remain the same.
General automation: in 2023, in the face of a shortage of goods in the industry, companies seized more market opportunities through “guaranteed delivery” and, in the context of a sustained rise in national production, benefited from the brand dividend of domestic industrial poles.
We're looking forward to a 23-year recovery of demand, and we're looking forward to a 30% increase in HSBC operations. Downstream Oem market is the same ratio as 5.4%, associated with batteries (lithium, light voltage, etc.) is the same ratio as +20%, industrial robots/heating.
The same ratio of air conditioners to +1% has remained positive, while the rest of the industry has generally declined; the project-type market has been + 6.1%, with chemicals, electricity, mining, etc. as the main pull. Sub-products show that the sales of four core products in 2022 were low-pressure transformers/server/server/small plc/scara robotics equal to +2.1%/-4.6%/+5.6%/+1.3% (scara is the same number), Sichuan
Sub-core products: 1) frequency transformers received $4.33 billion in 2022, corresponding to 38%, mainly project-type markets High landscape + share of products based on high voltage/engineering mobile frequency transformers; 2) General-service camps collected $4.99 billion, compared to +32%, resulting from a rapid increase in the share of advanced manufacturing industries such as lithium electricity, photovoltaics, etc., which has become domestic dragons, far-reaching.
The share is expected to exceed 30%; 3) plc&hmi camp, 1.31 billion, i.e. +87%. The combination of server + robots creates a solution advantage, goes into large numbers of high-end applications, and increases its share through "Break Out" services for quick response advantage; 4) electric fluids (including Easterton) camp, 450 million, i.e., 41%; 5) industrial robots (including Shanghai Lane), 560 million.
High, the six axes of Scara's "Save One" and medium load are expected to enter the medium volume, core parts are expected to expand beyond the decelerator, 23 years of industrial power (energy-saving) and aerodynamic products are expected to be launched this year, and digitalization and energy pipelines (rearable to storage) open up medium- and long-term space.
Hardware penetration, through the current pattern, is expected to initially form three major hardware platforms in 2023 — mechanical (electric, aerodynamic, staves, etc.) + electrical (server, frequency, storage, etc.) + control platforms (plc, cnc, robots, etc.). See medium-term digitized business release (energy management is also in the larger digital domain) leading to related hardness.
The penetration rate has increased further, as the Semen development path suggests that the Segawa ceiling is far from arriving. On a downstream basis, all six Sbu orders have grown faster, with energy, eu (process industry) and so on exceeding 50%, with orders in the specific industry broken down by silicon crystals, storage energy, semiconductors, air conditioning refrigeration, mobile phones, etc. The market has previously recognized that there has been an increase.
For the company to rely only on the energy plate (lithium photovoltaics, etc.) to sustain the increase, and for 23 years the lithium industry, capex, to take the lead, to slip at a similar rate as last year’s, has put pressure on industrial growth. But, in fact, we expect the energy plate to earn just 25-30% of its income, and even in the 22 years that the traditional plate has fallen, the company has made a positive growth in the traditional sector.
Industry grew even faster than the average growth in industrial-controlled operations – it continued to dig down the industry, downscaled the process, sunk customers – and in 2023, o1 saw weak growth in orders and revenues due to, inter alia, last year’s high base plus weak downstream demand recovery.
New energy vehicle & track cross-ships: ideal vehicle use, wide gas for “stewards”, proximity of new forces to traditional domestic vehicles, optimized customer structure; sound commercial vehicles, declining trackships. Total fleet revenue in 2022 was $5.55 billion, corresponding to + 24%, 1) passenger customer: 22 years of ideal/student sales by new corporate power customers, according to COAF data, was 133,000 each.
+47 per cent/+24 per cent, respectively; 271,000 for the first major traditional car company, equivalent to +126 per cent, and a high sales climate for the new customer. On the spot, 2022 fixed-point project 40+ (covering pure electricity, plug-in, etc.), the product structure pre-points determined 22 years of output to be dominated by single-body products (single-controlled, single-power), with total output
The ratio started to rise significantly, with a significant increase expected from 23 years ago. Overall, the harvest end completes its early year plan, and the profit end is still in a state of loss due to the cost of Wimartian credit impairment & R & D. For 23 years, with a large number of clients and models, the future sales are expected to be sustained and the revenue end is expected to be more than 50% higher than the next year.
Based on overall strategic planning and long-term development, the company intends to divide the combined power into domestic stock exchanges, which are currently in the preparatory stage. 2) Other models (commercial vehicles, transhipments, etc.) remain ahead of schedule. Commercial vehicles: sales of small surfaces and light cards have increased by more than 100%.
Introduction of solutions in the heavy card industry to achieve bulk delivery in head customers; track handover: 22 years of industry-end turn-over system
Elevators: 5.16 billion yuan in 2022, compared to 4% in 2022 (Ministry + Bestte): 202.01 battalion harvests The elevator industry has declined mainly as a result of the continued decline in real estate, according to the Chinese Elevator Association, in 2022
National elevator production was 1.1 million, a 9.1 per cent decrease in the same year, while the Hong Kong River experienced a reverse growth in 2022, with elevator revenues rising by +4 per cent. 2023q1 property turned on a weak recovery, with a cumulative construction area of +14.7 per cent in January-March, company elevator orders prearranged, elevators kept steady, and elevators moved out of the sea + a large package of sales to multinational enterprises, and revenue growth is expected to materialize.
The same ratio is positive. Because of the cost of large steel and copper, prices are reduced with raw materials, the Māori ratio is expected to be repaired at the same rate, profits are digitized, internationalized, the new business of energy management strategy carries the “next five years” growth: 1) digitized business: product-end construction of model-driven nocube digitization platform, improved development efficiency,
Market-end digital solutions are available in multi-sector templates such as textiles, paint wrapping lines, ports, etc., with fast-growing orders for publicly supported products, and equipment service products have set up prototypes in the plastics, packaging, hydraulics and multi-sectors; and in-house, a model energy control system has been set up at the Sunyang plant in Sichuan.
2) Internationalization operations: A new strategy for “cross-step internationalization” was proposed in early 2022, with the “global” (international soilization) model moving forward across the board. On the strategic ground: 1) Sales and service end-of-service continue to be a regional marketing strategy for local teams in mature markets (Europe, Korea, etc.) and emerging markets (India, South-East Asia, Middle East, etc.), while expanding “industry”
(b) The creation of the European R & D Centre at the research and development end, which will undertake technological development for automation, digitization and intellectualization; and (c) the initiation of European Hungarian factory construction at the end of the chain to guarantee rapid delivery and service to international customers.
3) Energy management operations: 22-year product end system layout light storage, storage, special power products, market end 1) large storage aggregate pcs&system integration order of 3gw on the power side & grid side (high power pcs in the country ranked third) and set up templates for emerging storages such as flying wheels, fluids, etc. 2) user focus on business integration machines, all-
Liqcool all-liquid cold storage energy terminals with a 20kw light storage inverter/200kw set of serial storage energy products to explore better cash flow growth for overseas operations and the normalization of raw material reserves (pre-period high-price stock hoarding, current work-controlled chip shortage fully alleviated). 22/ 23q1 net cash flows into $3,201.276 million in 22 years, compared to the same amount
Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations: Corporate Annual & Quarterly Report is performing as expected, and we maintain the company ' s three financial forecasts of 2023-24 from Sinkkawa Technology.