Seafood Industries (603288.sh) Port shares are on the market, steadily advancing the globalization strategy.
Food beverages, flavour fermentation, investment rating: superior to the big city (maintenance)
On June 11th, the China Seafood Unit opened a public launch in Hong Kong, which is expected to be announced on June 18th, and on June 19th it will be listed and placed on the Hong Kong joint trading board. The view is that the seafood industry is China’s best-selling business, steadily driving the globalization strategy.
The company ' s h share is expected to be on Hong Kong ' s main board on June 11th to June 16th, the company ' s business is expected to be on Hong Kong ' s main board on June 19th, the seafood industry submitted a release request to Hong Kong ' s joint bank on January 13th, 2025, Hong Kong ' s public offer on June 11th, the distribution price is expected to be announced on June 18th, and Hong Kong ' s main board on June 19th.
China’s connoisseur industry has steadily advanced its strategy of globalization. The seafood industry is China’s connoisseur leading business, whose main products include soy sauce, aphid oil, spice sauce, specialty spices, and others.
According to China, the company ranks fifth in the world in the market for spices. In 2024, the Chinese market for spices was about 4981 billion yuan, with a market share of 4.8 per cent in the seafood industry; the main soy sauce oil products were ranked first in the world and in the Chinese market, with a Chinese market share of 13.2 per cent, and a global market share of 6.2 per cent.
Investment proposals: Accumulated advantages, stable business, maintenance of a “better than the big market” rating, positive corporate adjustment, long-term accumulation of advantages based on brands and channels, good performance in 2024, and a strong demonstration of firm resilience to market volatility.
We maintain the previous profit projections that companies were expected to operate in 2025-2027, food safety risks, less widespread new products, weaker demand in the catering industry, and less developed overseas markets. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, with reasonable judgment and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author