Q1's performance is overrated.
On 28 April, the company issued a quarterly report, which generated $8.315 billion, or 8.08 per cent of the year; realized a net return to the mother of $2,202 million, or +14.77 per cent of the year; excluded non-net profits; diversified products demonstrated the effectiveness of the product, and closed channels such as customized catering, with robust growth of q1.
1. " Sea weather industry: Reforms effective, double-digit growth " , 2. " Sea weather industry: Recovering recovery, steady performance " ,
The growth of more than 20 per cent in other categories is reflected in the diversification of products such as vinegar and alcohol. 2) Subregionally, the ratio of income to income from 2501 in the south/north/west/eastern/central regions is expected to be new channels for enhanced catering and retail distribution by companies.
q1 Māori has improved significantly, mainly as a result of lower-cost & product structure improvements. 1) 25q1 Māori is 40.04%, corresponding to +2.73pt, ring to ring to +2.38pt. The price of raw materials, soybeans, packages, etc., has continued to decline and the ratio of high Māori c-ends has increased. 2)
Cost-side, 25q1 sales/management/research and development rates, respectively, are expected to be the firm ' s accelerated catering customer development and c-end branding. 3) Eventually, 25q1 net domestic outreach channels will increase their share, opening up new growth poles.
There are still opportunities for integration, fragmentation, structural upgrading, and we look to companies to maintain their strength through channels, products, and brand advantages. The effects of pre-adjustments have been demonstrated, internal growth has been revived, and a new round of growth is expected to start in the future through diversification and globalization.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Risks to food safety; less than expected release of new products; risks such as increased competition in the market.
Scanning for more services. Scanning for more services. Analysis of the rates of the reports in the market.