Performance is resilient and profitability continues to be released - Seatime Industries (603288.sh) incident assessment report, April 28, 2025.
Sonss@cfsc.com.cn zhangqian@cfsc.com.cn
The Māori ratio of 2025q1 increased by 3 pct to 40.04 per cent, mainly as a result of lower prices of raw materials. Māori rates are expected to continue the optimal trend, with separate sales/management costs.
2025q1 soy sauce camp, with $4.420 billion (up 8 per cent), internal prices of soy sauce oil, segmented, followed by continuous price increases for new products through customized business expansion; and 2025q1 flavour sauce/americ oil/other products, respectively
Accelerating, companies plan to continue to increase their spending and marketing efforts, and new products such as sour blending juice continue to be imported into the company’s distribution system, focusing on the development of new products.
At the end of the year, the number of company distributors was 6668, a net decrease of 39 from the beginning of the year.
Increased support from the catering distributors when the red scale is increased; $417 million (43 per cent higher) in the channel on line 2025q1 and, in the trend towards diversion of channels, the company operates water on the enhanced line
Sea Sky Fest (603288): Increased performance, increased network synergy, stability, sustained manufacturing advantage, 2024-
3. Seafood Industries (603288): Development of a company ' s optimal channel strategy to achieve steady improvement in performance at a high base, now leading to a supply chain with an overall optimization of the strategic layout
The company adapts further, optimizes the allocation of resources, and while the main product continues to grow steadily, the small group is fast-disbursing and has a strong lead. According to the 2025 macroeconomic downside risk, the consumption recovery is less than expected, industry competition is increasing, and output is increasing.
The Food Beverage Group presents Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the beverage plate, study in depth the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the NSS, New Age securities, stock fundamentals, seeking medium- and long-term equity opportunities, mastering short- and medium-term potential shares, and working hard to think about the white wine plate, with deep market thinking and insight into the Sou wine.
It reflects my research. I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't push.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.