Reverse growth faster and profitability improved - Performance ratings in the first quarter of 2025: company announcements, $8.32 billion in revenue in the first quarter of 2025, + 8.1 per cent; return
The seafood industry (603288.sh) has a net profit of $2.20 billion for the mother, or +14.8 per cent for the same year; the net profit from non-repatriation is $2.15 billion, or +15.4 per cent for the same year; the income end of 25q1 has continued to grow steadily and the share of new products and lines has continued to rise.
We believe that this is largely due to the effect of internal change and the positive growth of new products and channels.
In the subregion, the decrease in the cost of 25q1 east/south/central/northern/west boosted profitability, with a slight increase in the same rate. The 25q1 net return interest rate was due to a decrease in the cost of raw materials and packages. The sales cost of 25q1 was 5.9 per cent for the same year +0.4 per cent.
It is the company’s increased branding and promotion inputs (including sponsorship of comprehensive art programmes, etc.), as well as the need for higher marketing costs in the lead-up to new products to help nurture the products; the management cost rate of 1.9 per cent + 0.3 per cent, compared with some senior managers’ salaries. Short-term performance is expected to continue to grow faster, with medium- and long-term concerns for upgrading and channel change.
1. End-of-income: In view of the continuing effectiveness of change within the company and the continuous dynamism of new products, revenue is expected to continue the faster growth trend; 2) end-of-cost: soybeans and package prices have fallen the same time and gross interest rates are expected to improve the trend is expected to continue.
At the end of the scale, we believe that the combination of multiple positive factors is likely to contribute to good growth in the long run.
Continuous promotion of improved performance and maintenance of the `recommended' rating.
The company evaluates the seafood industry, and the company evaluates the seafood industry.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. Liu Guangmi, Master of Economics, joined the Human Security Institute in 2020, joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, focusing on non-alcoholic plates and beer plates.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete the investment in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, and, first of all, contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.