Business is steady, strategic, and we've recently participated in sub-seafood research to share with management the company's state of affairs and future strategies, and we feel a positive, medium- and long-term strategic approach within the company.
On the one hand, the company will continue to consolidate the advantages of core stocks such as soy sauce, alfalfa, flavour sauce, and maintain robust growth through product upgrades; on the other hand, the company will actively develop vinegar, alcohol, reprogramming, etc.
In terms of access, companies will continue to tap into the potential of the sunk market, based on a strong network of channels and a rich product matrix.
On the supply chain side, the company is expected to continue with the transformation of the supply chain and build-up.
A flexible supply chain system is diversified with matching channels and demand, and corporate-scale effects are expected to continue to release in the future as cost-control capacity rises. Taken together, we expect firm net gains to rise steadily over 25 years, with medium- and long-term earnings and profits expected to grow evenly.
In terms of overseas strategies, companies insist on localization, starting from Seafood (603288): one-quarter report in 2025.
Effective combination of strengths and local needs, development of differentiated core products, step-by-step deployment of overseas evaluations: cost dividend release, significant profitability Markets, focus on input effectiveness.
On May 1, 25th, the company’s Hong Kong share was released to the CVM and no more than 711 million shares were to be released. We believe that the company’s Hong Kong share is a good combination of internal talent, brands, etc., and that it is expected to strengthen its medium- and long-term productive capacity.
Seafood Industries (603288) 2024: International competitiveness of companies, better returns to shareholders. Performance meets expectations, cost dividend plus reform dividend
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: the company maintains its strategic strength and maintains 25-27 years of revenue projections for food safety, and reforms are not as advanced as expected in the three major financial forecasts for the seafood industry
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.