The seafood industry (603288), food beverages, 2024, was well-received, and the reform dividend was gradually released to the Southwest Securities Institute.
• Events: The company published its 2024 report, which generated 26.9 billion yuan in revenue for the year, compared to +9.5 per cent, and the net profit q4 major industry, which grew faster and more brightly on the line. For products, 24-year corporate sauce/facillation sauce/alon 24q4 grew well.
+8.9 per cent/+39.8 per cent, with higher online income as new retail channels, such as the company line, continue to improve. Cost downside + scale effect, leading to a steady increase in profitability throughout the year. 24 Corporate Maori is 37 per cent year-round, compared to 2.3 pp, of which the q4 quarter Māori rate is +5.3 to 37.7 per cent year-on-year; Māori rate rises are mainly due to the same ratio + 5.3 pp to 37.7 per cent year-on-year.
In terms of cost rates, sales cost is 6.1% for the year 24, compared to +0.7 pp for the year 24, which benefits mainly from the cost downside and the scale effect, and net interest rates for the year 24 are +0.7 to 23.6% for the year 24.
On the product side, companies continue to build on new products such as sauna, aphids, and sauce, building on the three core business lines of the company, and increasing their market penetration through the advantage of sacrament tables and channels. On the channel, companies at the end of the company have recovered their performance through catering channels.
At the same time, the product structure is expected to be optimized. In terms of production capacity, companies will insist on a process of conversion to industry of 4.0 based on a streamlined and digital combination, increasing flexibility and efficiency, and building market-quality products.
The medium- and long-term performance is expected to continue to improve with the solid status of the taste poles and the continuous release of the transformative energy. Sea weather industry (603288): q3 income growth robustly and profitability continuously (2024-11-01)
Seafood industry (603288): q2 performance is bright, stock-holding schemes boost confidence (2024-09-01) Scenario 1: as companies combine existing R & D advantages, continue to make determined inputs and strengthen their technological leadership with relevant parties
Cooperation in the field, initiatives that support companies’ products to continue to lead the trade in flavours in terms of quality, taste characteristics, personality functions, etc. Assumption 2: As companies insist on using the concept of meritorious and digital combinations to push production to upgrade to industry by 4.0, they continuously improve their responsiveness and efficiency, while maintaining the quality and taste of their products while taking into account user-to-price considerations
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.