Events: On the evening of October 25, 2023, Eon Seon Seok-seok issued the third quarterly report for 2023. In the first three quarters of 2023 Eun Seok-eung (002493.sz), the company achieved business income of $239.047 billion, an increase of 6.19 per cent over the same period.
In the third quarter of the year, the company achieved $84.52 billion in operating income, an increase of 9.07 per cent over the same period; it achieved a return to its motherland, high-cost shocks, a sustained recovery in demand, and a marked improvement in its performance. At the cost end, in the first half of 2023, the recovery in oil market demand, the slowdown in Euro-American interest rates, and the US banking crisis
Multi-factor games such as machine events, opc+ output reduction, international oil price booming down; entering the first research assistant in the Ho-Xiao Xia petrochemical industry, three quarters, rising seasonal demand, extension of production reduction plans in selected member countries
Overall, oil prices were high in the first three quarters of 2023, with Brent oil prices running at an average of $82 per barrel, a 20% decline in the same year, and corporate cost-side pressures reduced. At the demand end, after entering the third quarter, there was a strong summer season in the country.
Construction work began on heating, daily consumption repairs such as spinning clothes, and demand for finished oils and chemicals continued to recover. On travel, the number of passenger flights in 2023q3 increased by 9.7 per cent over the same period in 2019, and the total number of passenger flights exceeded pre-epidemiological levels; and on infrastructure, the rate of oil asphalting in 2023q3 was reduced by the ring.
7.36 pct; 2023q3 domestic spinning retail amounts to $308.2 billion, an increase of 5% over the same period in 2019. In the context of cost-side stabilization and demand-side recovery, public variability has gradually emerged and structural opportunities remain. At the end of the cost, the Palestinian-Israeli conflict erupted in October.
In response, the United States Secretary of the Treasury, Ellen, stated that it was not excluded that events such as tightening sanctions on Iran, the Saudi suspension of negotiations on normalization of relations with Israel had exacerbated the impact of the conflict, that international oil prices continued to rise and that, looking ahead, we believed that the Palestinian-Israeli conflict remained uncertain and that international oil prices might still be in place.
In the case of finished oils, international oil prices have continued to rise since the last three quarters, compared to domestic oils, overseas oils under market-based pricing mechanisms, with strong price differentials, including diesel fuel in the new slope area, and shipping coal with average price differentials of $30 and $26 per barrel, respectively, since October.
In terms of quotas, the three batches of finished oil exports in 2023 reached 3999 million tons, which is expected to expand beyond last year's year-round, adding to the high oil prices of the overseas products and the four-quarter winter seasons, where the difference in the oil produced is expected to rise. For chemicals, the demand side is high.
Recovering the offset effects, the current overall downstream price transfer is still weak and the price difference is still to be repaired; however, stocks of aromatic products such as px and pure benzene have reached stage low levels, while Māori levels have improved significantly over the same period last year, and we believe that future prices of aromatic products will be supported at the end of the cost and at low levels of stock.
With the added capacity, the company’s performance can grow over time. In the third quarter of 2023, the company’s flag, Sindh Securities Inc.
After October, the chemicalization of 300,000 tonnes/year acetic ethylene device went well.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Alteration Street in the West Side of Beijing City, producing qualified products and laying the raw material base for the expansion of products such as eva; investment in the second membrane line and the accompanying polymers of the 250,000-ton functional polyester membrane extension project of Insein Technologies
Production, after the project is completed, the company’s polyester membrane capacity will reach 430,000 tons. We believe that the company’s high-end new materials projects, high-performance resin projects, and a range of fine chemical and high-end materials productions can be realized as they are, further upgrading the company’s level of development in the industrial chain and increasing its potential for profit.
Profit projection and investment rating: we expect the company ' s net return profit for the period 2023-2025 to be \triangleright, respectively.
Sex release space is large, and we maintain a “buy-in” rating for the glorified petrochemicals. Risk factors: large oil price shocks; new capacity construction less advanced than expected; new capacity contribution \triangleright
Performance falls short of expectations and prices of raw materials fluctuate significantly; risks of excess refining capacity; downstream risks of slow recovery of product profits; risks of significant additions to the petrochemical sector from “carbon neutrality” policies; and global economic recovery.
Mr. Zhog Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Society of Geology and Minerals Economics, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's Pool of Experts, Member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Advisory Division of Industry of the China Coal Industry Association (chaired) for more than 10 years, conducted research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and presided over the “13th Five” National Coal Survey and Development
Planning research, revision of technology policy in the coal industry and enterprise-related advice were conducted on 100 topics, and in June 2016, the Union ' s Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre was responsible for research in the coal industry. From 2019 to the present, it was responsible for research on large energy panels. Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Carbon Central and Professional Committee of the China Environmental Science Society.
The Director-General's assistant led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060; completed a study on “Category Carbon Reaching and Implementation Path” in the petrochemical industry, and participated in the preparation of relevant policy documents on hydrocarbon industry planning, construction of a new energy system, industry carbon peaks and high-quality development in the country's ministries.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical industry.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to work on the components of the stone, which are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Holdings (hereinafter “Sindak Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which have been approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.