The petrochemicals (002493.sz) The petrochemicals team achieved business income of $239.047 billion in the first three quarters of the year, an increase of 6.19 per cent over the same period.
The 2023q3 performance ring has been continuously repaired and the first three quarters have been reversed.
2. " Emeritus and petrochemicals: Recovering needs, q2 is a profit " , chemical products, but as the demand for the chemical products is still in the early stages of recovery, the company industry is still in the process of recovering.
Pta-px average price difference of $188 per ton, narrow ring rate of 52.71 per cent, low price difference, oil prices are expected to maintain a medium-high tremor, and refined plates continue to perform strongly: 2023q3 products.
The oil crack-off price gap decreased slightly, with a q3 diesel/gasoline break-off price difference of $795 per ton and a 17.06/15.32 per cent reduction in the ring ratio, but remained overall at a medium high level. At the same time, the px-former oil price gap remained high, with 2023q3px-
The continued strength of the refined plates is expected to contribute to the sustainability of the company’s performance. The gradual release of a large quantity of high-value-added products is expected to empower the company to grow: the third year in 2023.
Quarterly petrochemical production of 1,000 tons of α-folates from test devices was successful, resulting in a smooth production of gestationary products 1-hexene. In addition, ethylene petrochemicals of 600,000 tonnes/year, 300,000 tonnes/year ethylene acetate devices produce qualified products; Zhejiang Insein technology of 250,000 tonnes/year functional concentration
The second phase of the ester membrane expansion project, the membrane membrane line and the accompanying polymeration device, were successfully put into operation.
In addition, with the company's future production and release, photovoltaic levels of eva, dmc, pmma, abs, company basics (RMB) α-vinyl hydrocarbons, poe polyolefin elastomers, nmp, etc., will be significantly enhanced and helped.
Increasing the extension of the industrial chain will drive the company’s products to reduce efficiency gains, drive the price differentials, and the company’s future performance is expected to continue to recover. We look forward to the restoration of performance as a result of warmer demand, as well as the gradual realization of new materials at the end of the company’s life cycle.
End product - the contribution of the former oil price gap, so we increased the profit in 2023 per share of net operating cash flow roe (belonging to the parent company)
(1) risk of large single-way fluctuations in oil prices; (2) failure to recover end demand as much as expected; (3) geopolitical risk: (4) under-achievement of project construction: (5) risk of significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar; (6) impact of other force majeure.
1. The first three quarters of performance was reversed, with high-value-added products coming into production expected to empower the company The three-quarter report of 2023, issued on 25 October 2023, achieved an operating revenue of 239.047 billion yuan in the first three quarters of 2023, an increase of 6.19 per cent over the same period and a net return to the mother of 108 million yuan, a decrease of 98.02 per cent over the same period.
The company has developed a variety of chemical products in recent years to increase the value added of its products, and has therefore produced a large amount of chemical products, but as the demand for chemical products is still in the early stages of recovery, the company ' s performance is continuously constrained by the burden of chemical products.
2023q3 polyolefins - the original oil price difference was RMB 2768/t, and the ring was narrow by 13.11%. At the same time, the pta product production capacity, which was dropped quickly, resulted in a product price difference of RMB 188/t, the ring was narrow by 52.71%, and the price difference was lower. With the warming of the chemical end demand, the company’s product price difference was expected to be repaired, largely quantifying the worker’s price difference.
In the third quarter of 2023, influenced by factors such as extra output cuts in Saudi and other pepc+ countries, as well as geographical conflicts, international oil price shocks, a slight decline in the price differential for finished oils, q3 diesel fuel, petrol, aviation kerosene, $795,124, respectively.
1825/tonne, with a 17.06/15.32/20.90 per cent reduction in the ring ratio, while the overall finished oil crack price differentials remained at medium-high levels, with continued strong domestic demand for finished oil consumption and offshore refining of refined oils expected to be repaired and the company ' s refining plates maintained strong momentum.
Figure 7: The price gap for gas crackings has been maintained at consistently high and medium levels, while the px-former oil price gap has been maintained at high levels, 2023q3px-former oil price differentials amounting to 3322 yuan per tonne, ring-to-take narrow 0.75%, almost at the same level as q2. The company has 40 million tonnes/year crude oil processing capacity and 10.6 million tonnes/year.
px production capacity, the continued strength of the refined plates is expected to contribute to the continuous repair of company performance. 1000 tonnes of alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons per year were tested in petrochemicals in the third quarter of 2023, when investments were made in green petrochemical bases on the canyon (covering 1000 tonnes/year 1-per year and 300 tonnes/year 1-octylene work conditions, both using a set of equipment that is not running simultaneously).
In addition, the styrene plant output of 600,000 tonnes/year of styrene, the company ' s total styrene production capacity amounted to 2.5 million tonnes/year: the ethylene ethylene device produced 300,000 tonnes/year of ethylene acetate, or it would reduce the company ' s cost of production ineva: Article 2 of the UNU/year extension project of 250,000 tonnes/year of functional polyester membranes in Zhejiang.
The production of the membrane line and the accompanying polymeration device was successfully completed, with 250,000 tonnes per year of polyester membrane after delivery, and the company ' s polyester membrane production would reach 430,000 tonnes per year. Meanwhile, the company ' s petrochemical 3-phase production of 1.4 million tonnes per year of ethylene and downstream chemicals projects, the high-performance resin project, the high-end new materials project, and the vinyl optics II project were all carried out in an orderly manner, along with the company ' s future production.
The ability to release products such as photovoltaic-gradeeva, dmc, pmma, abs, α-vinyl hydrocarbons, poe polyolefin elastomers, nmp, etc. will be significantly enhanced and will help to increase efficiency gains for corporate products through the extension of the industrial chain, lead to further price differentials, and the company ' s future performance is expected to continue to be repaired.
1) Risk of large one-way fluctuations in oil prices: there is a strong correlation between the price of refined industrial chain products and crude oil prices, and large fluctuations in oil price alone will have a high probability of affecting the level of corporate profitability: 2) Failure to restore demand to the expected risk: the products of the long silk industry are mostly intermediate products subject to supply in the chain of industry
The potential for over-anticipated changes in relationships, taking into account oil prices, may also affect demand for long-silent products by downstream consumption, packaging, automobiles, infrastructure, etc.: 3) geopolitical risks: raw materials end including, but not limited to, disruptions in the supply of crude oil caused by sudden events, or contingencies
There has been a significant increase in the supply of crude oil, including, but not limited to, the imposition of taxes on China ' s exports of chemical products during the China-United States trade war, anti-dumping investigations by South-East Asian countries on China ' s chemical products, etc. 4) projects have been under construction at a slower pace than expected: many of the company ' s projects are under construction, such as the construction of the project at a slower pace than expected, or are still under construction.
(5) Risk of significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar: while crude oil purchases are made in United States dollars, revenue-end settlements are dominated by renminbi, daily operations require purchase of dollars, sale of yuan, settlement, significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar or negative impacts on company performance; 6) other force majeure effects.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market