q3 performance improved significantly and performance improved significantly in the context of the recovery, with a marked increase in R & D costs and a clear decline in financial costs
The company published three quarterly reports in 2023, which resulted in total operating income of 23.9 billion yuan in the first three quarters, an increase of 6.19 per cent in the same year, and a net return profit of 108 million yuan - an increase of 98.03 per cent in the same year. Of these, q3 achieved operating income of 84.5 billion yuan in the same quarter, an increase of 9.07 per cent in the same period;
q3 sales cost rates, management cost rates, R & D rates of 0.03 per cent, 0.23 per cent, and about 1.2 billion yuan, respectively, mainly due to a significant slowdown in the devaluation of the renminbi exchange rate.
For crude oil price volatility to have a greater impact on the company ' s performance, the overall performance of the company has improved significantly, based on $101,81/78/87/bpd, with the increase in the price of q3 crude oil falling to the normal hub and the increase in the price of industrial goods in the third quarter.
The impairment of assets has been reversed from -65 million yuan to $0.07 billion. On the basis of price differentials, the profit of some of the company’s products, such as gasoline, px, is 23q1/23q2/23q3, which is expected to be accompanied by further recovery in the country, and there is still room for further restoration of profitability.
In the first half of 2023, Zhejiang has produced 400,000 tons of abs devices, 60,000 tons of dissolved polybutylene rubber units, and 60 million tons of annual production.
One hundred thousand tons of shundred earth rubber/combined annual production of 70,000 tons of nickel is a shundine rubber device and, since then, 300,000 tons of ethylene acetate units invested in the company's green petrochemical base have been successfully produced.
Increased extension of the industrial chain, which promotes efficiency gains in corporate products, also contributes to high-quality projects that are not as productive as expected, downstream demand less than expected, and oil price volatility. Data used in the present report are derived from what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seek independence, objectivity and fairness.
Ping, the report concludes that it is not open to other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.