Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 25 October: 3rd Quarterly Report 2023 issued by the Emeritus petrochemicals to achieve business income of 2390.47 FF refining profit repairs, increase in crude oil or yield inventory returns
Three quarters of aromatic aromatic aromatics have been stable, and there have been repairs to the aromatic aromatics. In the second quarter of 2023, international oil prices have fallen since the third quarter, owing to the frequency of regional tensions, and due to increased market concerns about the economic downturn, as well as events such as some of the banking booms in the United States, the US debt ceiling agreements, etc.
Global demand repair and the Fed’s concern for interest hikes, oil price shocks, and quarterly average price increases of 9.66%. The rise in crude oil, on the one hand, generates stock gains and, on the other hand, provides downstream price support for products, most refined varieties go up, adding up to three quarters of traditional booms.
The profits of the aromatic oils continue, and the profits of the aromatic hydrocarbons are restored. The interest rate of the company's three-quarter combined gross is 15.88%, the corresponding/ring ratio is +6.91pct/+2.05pct, and the profitability increases are evident.
The rise, the build-up cycle, and the de-escalation of the stock of longlines have declined significantly, as the seasons of the country and the international economy have continued, exports have risen, and profits from domestic stimulus policies have increased. According to our tracking of market price differentials, three-quarters of pey-pta-ethanol/dty-pta-
At the cost end, three quarters of the increase in R & D costs was significant, with a similar/ring ratio +1.69 pct/+1.00 pct, the company increased its input into new materials development and successfully delivered 1,000 tons of AFO devices during the reporting period.
• Actively promote project construction, long-chaining, oil-reducing, carbon neutralization, and in spite of tight approval of new refining projects, companies are making up the chain along the chain.
The path of oil growth and product value-added can still guarantee future capital spending, thus driving 1. The performance has been significantly reversed, and the climate has rebounded. The company announced 1.4 million tons of ethylene in August 2022, as well as a series of new ones.
Materials project planning, especially the planned eva, dmc, α-vinyl hydrocarbons and poe, XII, XII, XII, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X,
3. During the reporting period, the company announced 1.4 million tons of ethylene/yearly and downstream ethylene and 3. Saudi Arabia ' s high-value premium and the production of 600,000 tons of styrene and 300,000 tons of acetic ethylene in excellent industrial installations was achieved.
For refining companies, we believe that there will be sufficient advantages to competition in the field of new materials, namely, the pre-investment advantages associated with sufficient cash flows, the efficiency gains resulting from high R & D inputs, and the continuing cost advantages associated with the advantages of an integrated platform and the tightening of project approvals.
The scarcity of raw material advantages will become more apparent in the context of lower than expected demand for hydrocarbons and polyester plates, and we have reduced corporate profitability projections and projected risks associated with (1) price fluctuations for raw materials and major products;
(ii) safe production risks; (iii) environmental protection risks; and (iv) the project is not proceeding as fast as expected;
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.