The performance of the three quarters has been steadily increasing, with the expansion of new material production capabilities sustained by the first three quarters of 2023, when the company achieved business income of $239.974 billion, an increase of 6.19 per cent over the previous quarter.
Prices of crude oil and chemical products have increased and profitability has been quickly repaired. The first three quarters have been affected by weak demand for chemical products, resulting in a sharp fall in profit on a year-on-year basis. According to the Bronte Fold statistics, the average price of crude oil in three quarters was $85.92 per barrel, ring ratio +10.54 per cent; petrol/px/pta/ polyester bottler/poy
Add 2.05 pct. In addition, due to increased interest costs and increased research and development inputs, the financial costs of new material projects are being phased in and the capacity for integration is being extended. In the third quarter of 2023, the 600,000 tonnes/year styrene plant, which was invested in the Green Fossil Base on the Ark Hill, was successfully produced.
At the same time, 1,000 tonnes/year of α-vinyl hydrocarbons were successfully fed and successfully produced the qualified product 1-hexene. In addition, in July 2023, Eun Sein-Dai State launched a project to produce 10 million tons of new high-end chemical materials per year, with a total investment of up to $148 billion in project planning, including high-end polyolefins.
The company actively promoted the new materials project, the continued extension of the petrochemical industry chain, and the growing advantages of integration. Saudi Amé was able to take stock, and the resource-sharing support industry flew.
Accomplishing the transfer of shares of 1,012,552,501 shares with the Saudi Arabian-American subsidiary aoc, with a transfer price of $24.30 per share, with a total value of $24,605 million for the transfer, and a high premium on Saudi Arabian-American earnings, with a boom in petrochemicals, reflects the global investment value available to an integrated enterprise.
The signing of the agreement will help to achieve a stable supply of high-quality raw materials, on the one hand, and, on the other, it will be possible to expand its overseas distribution channels for chemical products, to guarantee the stability of the petrochemical industrial chain, and, on the other hand, strategic cooperation with Saudi Arabia and the Arab States is expected to speed up the distribution of its overseas market.
11.3 times the market price on November 17, 2023. Based on the rapid repair of the company ' s performance in the three quarters and the continuous increase in its capacity for integration, Glorystone 20221102
Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd. High volatility in crude oil prices; substantial economic downside; policy risk leading to production restrictions or demand shortfalls
Petroleum petrochemicals: refining and trade