Pride petrochemicals (002493); 2023q3 profits improved significantly, highlighting their resilience. The company achieved business income of $239.047 billion in the first three quarters of 2023, an increase of 6.19 per cent in the same year, and net return to mothers of $108 million, a decrease of 98.03 per cent in the same year.
Ring growth of 261.75 per cent and profit recovery is evident. > Cost high support, demand recovery, and price differentials between finished oils and aromatic hydrocarbons. As of September 2023, the average price of petrol/diesel/ceramic oil cracks was $10.47/27.86.66 per barrel, at historical prices for three years, respectively.
Zhang Jing will be expected to remain relatively high, benefiting from the export of finished oils and the return of aromatic products. Market options will be flexible with the third batch of finished oil export quotas in 2023.
Export quotas, consisting of 1.04 million tons of finished oil and 20,000 tons of low sulphur bunker oil. First, export exemptions from consumer taxes, value-added taxes and, second, the choice of supply levels for both markets based on the economic benefits of domestic and international markets can maximize benefits and have a positive impact on day-to-day operations.
As of October 11, 2023, the company’s third stock buy-back plan had cumulatively reached a minimum of $1 billion in total funds to be repurchased, and the buy-back had successfully advanced management’s recognition of the company’s intrinsic value. The build-in capacity continued to materialize, further optimizing the company’s industrial structure.
The technological extension of 250,000 tons of functional polyester per year was fully operational, with the company ' s polyester membrane production capacity reaching 430,000 tons, the country ' s top four. 2) The ethylene acetylene per annum device for zolpidem is now successfully producing qualified products and has a positive impact in reducing production costs in eva and improving market competitiveness. 3) The ester production output of 600,000 tons per year of styrene per year.
Qualified products, with a projected total output of 2.5 million tonnes/year of styrene from the company after delivery. 4) The successful delivery of 1,000 tonnes/year of alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons from petrochemical test devices, which have now successfully produced the eligible product 1-hexene, has helped to break the dependence on foreign technology.
\triangleright cycle relative to the bottom. There is a tendency to pick up the price differentials as demand warms; the company's high-quality assets continue to grow, and it is expected that the industry Emeritus (002493): 2023q2 gain.
Rehabilitated, high-value-added projects contributed to the long-term growth of the corporate summary report series, using data information on legal compliance, careful presentation of research findings, and independent and objective presentation of the present report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.