The 23q3 performance ring increased significantly and high-value-added projects accelerated their landing \triangleright in the first three quarters, the company achieved business income of $239.047 billion, an increase of 6.19 per cent over the previous three quarters; the net return to the parent was
$108 million, or gain or gain over 23h1; net profit from non-repatriation is $130 million. 23q3 performance loops have improved significantly. 23q3, companies have achieved $84.52 billion in operating income, an increase of \triangleright \triangleright
The q3 Māori ratio has recovered as Asian finished oil cracks have been repaired. \triangleright prices for finished oils and chemicals have recovered, 23q3, Singapore gasoline, diesel, kerosene and Brent crude oil, as domestic demand has warmed in the last three quarters.
The average price difference was $18.56, 27.13 and $25.94 per barrel, with Ring q2 increasing by 15.96 per cent, 91.94 per cent and 90.05 per cent, respectively, and the price difference repair increased the profitability of the company. In addition, in July, the Ministry of Commerce granted non-State trade export qualifications for petrochemical oils, thereby giving petrochemicals the first export option.
Private refining companies have taken the lead in opening up sales windows in South-East Asia, where the export rights to petrochemical oils are scarce and of high value in the context of oversupply of domestic finished oils and high international prices; on 1 September, the company was informed of the Ministry of Commerce ' s notification of quotas for the export of finished oils, low sulphur bunker oils, and arranged for the export of crude oil.
The general trade export quota for petrochemical oils is 1.04 million tons, the export quota for low sulphur bunker oils is 20,000 tons, and there is a desire to open up the export arbitrage for the company's finished oils.
Remark: 23q2 lost profits, petrochemical oil export rights - 2023/08/28 New projects are on the ground, and high-value-added products are expected to enhance corporate profitability.
2. Precious petrochemicals (002493.sz) in the first quarter of 2023. The advantages of the Great Refinement Platform were refined and the planned high-value-added products were put into production successively. 23q3, zolpideization on the green side of the Ark.
The ethylene acetic acid device, the ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene device, the ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene
Twenty-two years of high-cost profitability, 23 years of promising performance, in addition to the 250,000 tonnes of functional polyester membrane expansion project of Insein Technologies, a company-owned subsidiary,
The membrane line and the accompanying polymers were successfully put into operation and, in the future, as the project became fully operational, the company ' s polyester ester thin 4. Pulse petrochemical (002493.sz) event was evaluated: Saudi Arabian membrane capacity would reach 430,000 tons.
The present report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party, and the researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the specific recommendations or views in the present report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.