Charles Zhuang 庄怀超
万华化学 Wanhua Chemical Group (600309.CH)
装置改造有助提升盈利能力，自研技术加速成果转化
Equipment renovation improve profitability & Self-developed technology accelerates transformation
最新动态
第一套乙烯装置改造完成后预计显著降低生产成本。公司生产全流程关键环节,深入推进技改优化落地,
打造极致成本。公司采用乙烷、石脑油混合进料的 120 万吨/年的第二套乙烯装置已在 2025H1 开车成功,
采用丙烷进料的第一套乙烯装置正在进行乙烷进料改造，改造完成后将获得成本优势，从根源上提高公司
石化业务盈利能力。
科威特石化工业公司合资完成工商变更登记。科威特石化工业公司（PIC）向万华化学（烟台）石化有限
公司增资 6.38 亿美元,获得万华化学(烟台)石化有限公司 25%股权。科威特石化工业公司 (PIC) 的母公
司是科威特石油公司（KPC 公司）。KPC 公司成立于 1980 年，是将科威特石油部门的所有国有元素聚集
在一个公司框架下的全球主要石油能源集团之一,负责勘探、生产、销售科威特境内所有碳氢化合物资源。
万华福建 MDI 技政扩能项目获批。2025 年 10 月 19 日，福州市生态环境局批复万华化学（福建）异氰酸
\triangleright
酯有限公司 150 万吨/年 MDI 技政扩能一体化项目。该项目拟在原 80 万吨/年 MDI 项目基 础上将 MDI 冷
媒、缩合装置、光化装置、分离装置技改至匹配 150 万吨/年 MDI 产能。根据 2024 年年报，截至 2024 年
末,公司拥有 MDI 产能 380 万吨/年,同时万华福建 MDI 将技改扩能新增 70 万吨/年,预计 2026 年第二季
度完成,届时万华全球 MDI 产能将达到 450 万吨/年。
动向解读
自研技术加速成果转化。公司 MS 装置一次性开车成功，丰富了光学业务产品线; 叔丁胺产业化成功，不
断延伸特种胺的产业链。砜聚合物已产出合格品，完善了万华工程塑料的解决方案。生物基 1,3-丁二醇成
功导入化妆品客户。电池材料持续加大研发投入，多项技术取得阶段性突破，第四代磷酸铁锂完成量产供
应,五代完成定型首发。公司坚持产品差异化战略,开发多个高附加值 POE、聚烯烃、尼龙 12、改性材
料新品，拓展细分市场，助力新业务能力提升。
策略建议
盈利预测。我们预测公司 2025-2027 年归母净利润分别 134.95、163.50 和 181.00 亿元。参考同行业可比
主要财务数据及预测
表1: 可比公司估值表
安全风险、行业竞争加剧的风险、海外经营环境变化的风险。
What's New
After the completion of the first ethylene plant renovation, it is expected to significantly reduce
production costs. Key links in the entire production process of the company, deeply promoting the
implementation of technological transformation and optimization, and creating the ultimate cost. The second
ethylene unit with a capacity of 1.2 million tons/year using a mixture of ethane and naphtha as feed has been
successfully put into operation in 2025H1. The first ethylene unit using propane as feed is undergoing ethane
feed transformation, which will gain cost advantages and fundamentally improve the profitability of the
company's petrochemical business.
\triangleright
The joint venture of Kuwait Petrochemical Industry Company has completed the registration of
industrial and commercial changes. Kuwait Petrochemical Industries Corporation (PIC) has increased its
capital by 638 million US dollars to acquire a 25% stake in Wanhua Chemical (Yantai) Petrochemical Co., Ltd.
The parent company of Kuwait Petrochemical Industries Company (PIC) is Kuwait Petroleum Company (KPC).
KPC was founded in 1980 and is one of the world's major oil and energy groups that brings together all state-
owned elements of Kuwait's oil sector under one corporate framework. It is responsible for exploring,
producing, and selling all hydrocarbon resources within Kuwait.
The Wanhua Fujian MDI technical renovation and capacity expansion project has been approved. On
October 19, 2025, the Ecological Environment Bureau of Fuzhou City approved the 1.5 million tons/year MDI
technical renovation and capacity expansion integration project of Wanhua Chemical (Fujian) Isocyanate Co.,
Ltd. The project plans to upgrade the MDI refrigerant, condensation unit, photochemical unit, and separation
unit to match a production capacity of 1.5 million tons/year based on the original 800000 tons/year MDI project.
According to the 2024 annual report, as of the end of 2024, the company has an MDI production capacity of
3.8 million tons per year. At the same time, Wanhua Fujian MDI will upgrade and expand its production
capacity by 700000 tons per year, which is expected to be completed in 2026Q2. By then, Wanhua's global
MDI production capacity will reach 4.5 million tons per year.
What's Different
\triangleright
Self-developed technology accelerates the transformation of achievements. The company's MS device
was successfully started in one go, enriching the optical business product line; The industrialization of tert
butylamine has been successful, continuously extending the industrial chain of specialty amines. Sulfone
polymer has produced qualified products, improving Wanhua's solution for engineering plastics. Biobased 1,3-
butanediol successfully imported into cosmetics customers. The research and development investment in
battery materials continues to increase, and multiple technologies have achieved phased breakthroughs. The
fourth-generation lithium iron phosphate has completed mass production and supply, and the fifth generation
has been finalized and launched. The company adheres to a product differentiation strategy, develops multiple
high value-added POE, polyolefin, nylon 12, and modified material new products, expands segmented
markets, and helps improve new business capabilities.
Action
Profit forecast. We predict that the company's net profit from 2025 to 2027 will be RMB 13.495 billion, RMB
16.350 billion, and RMB 18.100 billion, respectively. Referring to the valuation of comparable companies in
the same industry, we give the company 14x PE rating for FY26 and TP of 73.08 yuan. For the initial coverage,
a "BUY" rating is given.
Risks
Security risks, risks of intensified industry competition, and risks of changes in overseas business environment.
业,主要覆盖化工和新材料行业。
业。环球富盛理财有限公司是一家香港的持牌券商机构,成立于2014年。
体、炸药、氟化工、分子筛、电解液和合成生物学等行业。覆盖的公司包括:东
岳集团、环球新材国际、中国心连心化肥、中化化肥、阜丰集团、中国三江化
工、中国联塑、浦林成山、米高集团、中国石油化学、中国旭阳集团、彩客新能
源、天徳化工、理文化工等。
微信: zhuangcharles
COMPANY RATING DEFINITION
The Benchmark: Hong Kong Hang Seng Index
SECTOR RATING DEFINITION
The Benchmark: Hong Kong Hang Seng Index
Time Horizon: 6 to 18 months
DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS
(1) The Analysts and their associates do not serve as an officer of the issuer mentioned in this Research Report.
(2) The Analysts and their associates do not have any financial interests in relation to the issuer mentioned in this Research Report.
(3) Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited and/or its subsidiaries do not hold equal to or more than 1% of the market capitalization of
the issuer mentioned in this Research Report.
(4) Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited and/or its subsidiaries have not had investment banking relationships with the issuer
mentioned in this Research Report within the preceding 12 months.
(5) Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited and/or its subsidiaries are not making a market in the securities in respect of the issuer
mentioned in this Research Report.
(6) Global Prosperity Financial Company Limitedand/or its subsidiaries have not employed an individual serving as an officer of the issuer
mentioned in this Research Report. There is no officer of the issuer mentioned in this Research Report associated with Global Prosperity
Financial Company Limited and/or its subsidiaries.
DISCLAIMER
This Research Report does not constitute an invitation or offer to acquire, purchase or subscribe for securities by Global Prosperity Financial
Company Limited. Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited and its group companies may do business that relates to companies covered
in research reports, including investment banking, investment services, etc. (for example, the placing agent, lead manager, sponsor,
underwriter or invest proprietarily).
Any opinions expressed in this report may differ or be contrary to opinions or investment strategies expressed orally or in written form by sales
persons, dealers and other professional executives of Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited group of companies. Any opinions
expressed in this report may differ or be contrary to opinions or investment decisions made by the asset management and investment banking
groups of Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited.
Though best effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information and data contained in this Research Report, Global Prosperity
Financial Company Limited does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information and data herein. This Research Report
may contain some forward-looking estimates and forecasts derived from the assumptions of the future political and economic conditions with
inherently unpredictable and mutable situation, so uncertainty may contain. Investors should understand and comprehend the investment
objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
This Research Report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located
in any jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would
subject Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited and its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such
jurisdiction.
© 2025 Global Prosperity Financial Company Limited. All Rights Reserved.
Unit 2301, 23/F., 308 Central Des Voeux, 308 Des Voeux Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong