Conlon turned into 300759 pharmaceutical biology, mature business growing robustly, and the emerging plates are ready for the future, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre.
Events: company annual report 2023, with business income of $11.54 billion, or 12.4 per cent, for the entire year 2023; net profit of $1.6 billion, or 16.5 per cent, for the return to the mother; net profit of $1.51 billion, or 6.5 per cent, for the recovery to the non-return to the mother; net profit of $1.9 billion, or more, for the adjusted non-ifrs return to the mother
A robust growth in income and a profit-side disturbed by changes in the value of biological assets, including a financial rate of 0 per cent (-1.7 pp) and a R&D rate of 3.9 per cent (+1.1 pp). The adjusted net profit return of noon-ifrs increased less than the income increase, mainly due to changes in the fair value of biological assets in 2022, resulting in 2022
During the same period, the profit base was high, and after excluding the effects of changes in the fair value of biological assets, the company ' s adjusted net-ifrs net return profit for the entire year 2023 was approximately $1.9 billion (+11.4 per cent). The net cash flow for the company ' s operations was $2.75 billion (+28.5 per cent) in 2023, and cash flow levels continued to improve.
The company’s revenues are divided into four main sections: laboratory services, cmc (small molecule cdmo), clinical research services, and cellular and gene therapy services. 1) laboratory services: $6.66 billion (+9.4%) in 2023, representing 57.7% of total income.
The impact of the slowdown in demand, the cancellation of some of the later clinical trial orders, the firm ' s comc service income remained stable and robust; the Māori rate (-1.1 pp) was 33.7 per cent, and the plate Māori ratio was expected to increase gradually as the productivity of the Shaoxin plant, the United States covetry and the United Kingdom ' s Cramlington plant continued to climb.
The company ' s integrated clinical service platform has been highly effective and client recognition, market share and Māori rates have increased rapidly. By the end of 2023, the company ' s clinical coro was working on 1035 projects (clinical iii/clinical i-ii/his clinical trials amounted to 83/443/509 each), while the smo project was over 1450.
(+19.4 pp); by the end of 2023, the company had provided analytical testing services for 26 cgt projects (including 2 commercialization projects), completed and in the process of conducting hlp and non-glp toxicological tests for 21 cgt drugs, and provided cdmo services for 13 gene therapy projects (preclinical/clinic i-ii/clinicalii phase)
4/7/2 respectively) 1 Kanlong becomes: mature operations are growing robustly, integration platforms are showing positive 1.1 operations are growing robustly and integration counters are showing positive results
Conlong was founded in 2004 and was listed in 2019 as a deep-seated business board and port hub. He is the leading international pharmaceutical research and development service platform, operating globally, with 21 research and development centres and production bases in China, the United Kingdom and the United States, offering a full-process integrated drug research, development and production service from drug discovery to drug development. The company currently has laboratory clothing.
Four major operations, Cdmo services, clinical research services, molecules and cell and gene therapy services, were involved in 764 drug discovery projects a year, an increase of 17 per cent compared to the previous year, the company Ningbo 3 campus was expected to be phased in in by 2024, and construction work was progressing in the Xian and Beijing 2nd Parks;) cmc (small molecules cdmo): the company
Continued enhancement of the global layout of cmc (small molecule cdmo) services, approximately 85 per cent of the revenue of the 2023 cmc (small molecule cdmo) comes from the company ' s current clients, the company ' s involvement in investing in Singapore ' s pharmagend, and further enrichment of the company ' s global service network: 3) Clinical research services: the effectiveness of an integrated clinical service platform for pre-clinical layout, client acceptance and acceptance
The market share has risen rapidly, the Māori rate has continued to improve, and the Conlon Clinic has established a “Digital Innovation Technology Department” and has built a cutting-edge technology, such as digitalization and ai artificial intelligence, with initial downscaling efficiency gains; 4) Big molecules and cell and gene therapy suits: 950 million yuan in corporate biofinancing, valued at $8.55 billion, plus $8.55 billion for corporate big molecules and cell and gene therapy service platforms.
The Center for In vitro Toxicology Studies in Carlsbad, Lifuna, will be operational in 2024: with regard to the Big Molecular cdmo service, the Ningbo Large Molecular Drug Development and Production Services platform will be operational in 2024 and will gradually take over the Molecular Gmp production service.
1.2 Revenues have grown steadily, profit ends have been affected by changes in the value of biological assets in the short term, profit ends have been affected by changes in the value of biological assets in the short term.
The net profit return is 1.830 billion yuan (+25.5 per cent) and 1.9 billion yuan (+11.4 per cent) respectively. In 2023, the net cash flow of the company ' s operations was 2.75 billion yuan (+28.5 per cent) and the level of cash flow continued to be positive. The net profit increase was much faster than the income increase, and the principal was related to the company ' s increased profitability and non-recurring gains and losses.
The scale effect continues to be highlighted by the gradual increase in profitability and profit growth faster than income growth. Management rates have increased slightly, research and development rates have steadily increased, and net interest rates have been disturbed by fair values. With regard to management rates, the corresponding increase in the number of staff and labour costs, as well as the completion of multiple company mergers and acquisitions during the year, the increase in management costs has been slightly higher, with a slight increase of 2023.
This increase is mainly due to the company's efforts to improve its R & D capacity and professional skills and its continued increase in R & D inputs; financial rates have been kept low for a long time, owing to the company's more international operations, and changes in financial rates have mainly been caused by exchange rate changes, up to 4.2% of financial costs in 2017, mainly due to the company's non-marketing and bank borrowing due to the need for financial resources.
The company’s revenues are divided into four main sections: laboratory services, cmc (small molecule cdmo), clinical research services, and cellular and gene therapy services. 1) laboratory services: 6.66 billion yuan (+9.4%) in 2023, representing 57.7% of total income and 44.3% in Maori, of which the biological section is:
College blocks accounted for more than 51 per cent, and 764 drug discovery projects were involved during the reporting period, an increase of 17 per cent over the same period.) cmcs were subject to coldness, slower demand from clients, cancellation of some later-stage clinical trial orders, corporate cmc service revenue remained steady; the Māori rate was 33.7 per cent, and with Schochen factory, United States covetry and British Cramlington workers
The plant capacity utilization rate continues to climb, and the plate Maori rate is expected to increase gradually. 3) Clinical research services: 1.740 billion yuan (+24.7 per cent) and 17.1 per cent have been achieved through 2023; the corporate integrated clinical service platform has been very effective, with rapid increases in client recognition, market share and Māori ratio, and as of the end of 2023, the company ' s clinical coro was working on 1035 projects (clinical iiii)
Phases/clinic i-ii/other clinical trials amounted to 83/443/509, respectively). More than 1450 of the smo project. 4) By the end of 2023, the company had provided analytical testing services for 26 cgt projects (including 2 commercialization projects), completed and in the course of the 21 cgt drugs, glp and non-glp toxicological trials, and provided cdmo for 13 gene therapy projects.
Services (4/7/2 projects for pre-clinical/pre-clinic/clinic periods, respectively) As of December 2023, the physical control of the company over the buildings of Perlán, Xiaoqiang, Zhengbei and the physical control over the ownership of 19.3 per cent of the company ' s shares, both directly and indirectly, and the operations of the subsidiaries covering laboratory services, small molecule cc, clinical research
Various areas of medical outsourcing, such as services and services such as molecular and cgt R & D services, are mutually reinforcing and synergetic. 1) Laboratory services: as the company ' s performance fundamentals and project orientation portals, as the company ' s laboratory services produce 2 cmc operations: project funnel effects are fully reflected in the early project clinically as the cmc new product is released.
The short-term pressure, the establishment of the Conlon Clinic in 2021, the synergy of domestic and foreign operations and the emergence of branding effects, and I have selected the three companies in the industry that are closest to Conlon's business as a drug, medicine, medicine, medicine, medicine, medicine, medicine, medicine, and new medicine, with an average of 17 times the size of the three companies in 2024. The company is the leader of the country's cro, with project experience, team size, and service.
There are significant advantages in terms of scope, where leadership is expected to continue to strengthen, internationalization is increasing, and there is a certain level of impunity, and no direct or indirect compensation for specific recommendations or views in this report.