Daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco.
Thanks to the trend towards rising consumption in the province and the restructuring of the company’s channels within the province, the profits from the channels have improved considerably, and the company has grown rapidly in the provincial market. According to research from the channel, the national price system has remained stable during the spring of this year’s sales and is facing the prices of major competitors.
When the competition is adjusted, there is a stable profit margin and a price advantage, which allows for good intra-promotion during the spring season, and companies are maintaining their faster growth last year. In particular, the elite North and Nanjing markets have also experienced faster growth.
According to the company performance forecast, the net profits attributable to the shareholders of the listed company in 2018 and the M&A offer new opportunities. Shandong will be used as a strategic market for total market value/flow (millions of dollars)
On October 15, the company announced the signing of a Memorandum of Cooperation with the major shareholders of the Shandong Chi Wine industry, which is intended to buy 34-49% of Shandong Chi Wine Co. Ltd. in cash at the highest/minimum level for 12 months.
To use Gyeong-gi as a support point for the puncture of the mountain's eastern plate.
A marketing centre has now been set up in six regions, including Shandong, with a battalion of 2018/10/30 marketing centres.
In the future, the Shandong market will be treated as a local market, hopefully as a second home market.
The company re-established its 13th goal, which was an important growth pole outside the country.
Among the new targets, out-of-country became a major growth pole. The company, building on its original strategy of 2+5+n, adjusted it to a strategy of 1+2+4 to bring mountains to the top.
East is on top of the Beijing market, which means Shanghai, Beijing, and 4 of the surrounding provinces. This year, the company started working with business sources to create a joint market force to expand the 300-600-bit high-end price belt in the Huzhou, Hang’s country series, which is now in the company’s business as a whole.
With the benefits of rising consumption in the province and a shift in corporate resources, the country is expected to continue to grow faster over the next few years, thus contributing to a rapid growth in corporate revenue. On the outside, firms have also stepped up their recruitment, and rapid expansion outside the province will lead to steady growth in corporate performance.
In 2019, we predicted that the company would achieve $4.519 billion in revenue, an increase of 21.81 per cent, a return pricing option, a valuation premium from the White Wine Company, a major flaw in the management of the company as a regional leader in Jiangsu Province, major macroeconomic fluctuations and weak consumption in the province.
On the other hand, it's not as long as it's expected, but it's the 9th North Street in Beijing's West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report