South Air (600029.sh) tri-quarters 2025: three-quarters performance bright and year-round profit transfer event: South Air published three-quarters 2025.
In the first three quarters of 2025, the company received $137,670 million, or +2.23 per cent, and achieved a net return of $2,307 million, an increase in the number of summer passenger seats and a two-fold increase in domestic and international travel.
1) Movement: 2025q1~3 SAC ask a year + 5.6 per cent, with domestic/international/regional lines 3) guest rate: 25q1~3 combined/domestic/international/regional passenger rate, respectively, mid-2025 for SAC (600029.sh)
Review: High passenger occupancy rate, which is expected to be repaired 4)) Air fleet size: by the end of 25q3, the company fleet had reached 956 aircraft, with a net increase of 39 aircraft in the previous three quarters.
Souther Air (600029.sh) reported in 2024 that fare rates had increased the profits of passenger operations, freight operations had fallen slightly in real terms, and unit costs had benefited from a reduction in oil prices.
1) Ticket prices: Rpk income for the 25q3 SAC unit was 0.570, i.e. 3.0 per cent; the three-quarterly report for the year 2024 was 0.489, i.e. - 2.6 per cent; and the fall in fare prices during the summer season was gradually narrowing.
Review: The guest rate exceeded the same period in 2019, with fares 2. Cost: SAC 25q3 ask cost 0.408, corresponding to -3.9 per cent; cost per unit continued to fall, benefiting from falling oil prices and the company ' s excellent cost control capacity.
The company \triangleright Sindr Securities Co. Ltd. during the three-quarter summer seasons.
The arrival and drop were well controlled, the number of guests rose and the performance was impressive.cindsecuritiesco.,ltd had a high demand for the national holiday in the beginning of the fourth quarter, industry fares improved significantly in October, and public commerce.
In Beijing, the Golden House No. 127 A. in the West Side of Wumen West Streetb travels better or better than ever, and looks forward to the company’s recovery. The company’s performance is expected to improve throughout the year, looking forward to future growth in profit elasticity, with the combination of lower oil prices and stronger RMB rates.
Profit forecast and investment rating: We expect the company to achieve a net return on its mother ' s profits by 2025-2027 \triangleright improves and four-quarter fares are expected to be repaired.
Risk factors: demand for travel is not as high as expected, fares are not as high as expected, oil prices are at a high risk of rising significantly, and the renminbi is at a significant risk of devaluation.
Major areas of transport, such as logistics, roads, railways, ports, aviation, and maritime transport, have been part of the external review boards submitted by various provinces, which have not been, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment advisory operations approved by the CSRC. This report has been prepared and published by the CSRC.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.