Three-quarter South Air Disclosures, 2025 Three-quarter South Air Disclosures, prior three-quarter corporate revenue of $137,670 million.
(b) Corporate operating income in the third quarter of the year was 51.37 billion yuan, or 3.0 per cent, and the return was 3.84 billion yuan, or 20.3 per cent.
While the number of air fleets has slowed considerably, the size of the company fleet has slowed down and the rate of growth in public transport has remained low for the last three quarters, the demand for civil aviation, especially due to private travel, has remained positive.
Moving corporate passenger traffic and turnover have been on the rise, with the guest rate reaching an all-time high of 85.8 per cent. Despite weak public-business activity and a small drop in company prices, the decline is clear, with a modest increase in corporate revenue.
The fall in oil prices contributed to cost savings, performance was in line with expectations for international oil prices, effective cost savings for companies, and non-oil cost performance was largely stable.
The bottlenecks in the growth of civilian shipping power remain, and demand recovery is expected to boost the performance of shipping prices. Constrained by the bottlenecks in the civil aviation supply chain, the size of the civil aviation fleet remained low in the first three quarters of 2025, and aviation capacity continued to grow at a low pace, with industry-wide occupancy rates reaching historical highs.
Looking ahead, civil aviation supply growth remains limited, and demand recovery is expected to boost transport price performance, maintaining a positive view of the gradual recovery of civil aviation fundamentals and the gradual realization of performance. China’s Southern Air Group is limited.
The data used in this report are based on what we believe to be reliable information that is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared by other parts and personnel of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.