q3 profit growth on a year-on-year basis, with emphasis on regressive profitability \triangleright debt derivatives fair value change and aircraft operation compensation, compared with significant aircraft operations confirmed during the same period in 2024
Compensation. Three quarters alone: 51.4 billion yuan for 25q3, or + 3.0 per cent for the same year, and $3.84 billion for the mother, or +3.4 billion for the same year, or +20 per cent for the same year, or +2.6 billion for the same year, or +2 per cent for the same year.
Twenty-five q3 power is slowing at a similar rate of increase, with some of the expansion having an impact on the price. The 25 q3 capacity is increasing with a small capacity of \triangleright, but there is limited scope to look back at the fleet ' s utilization; the expansion of the capacity has an impact on the price:
The summer season was characterized by a weak performance and the fall in September by a rise in the same price, with airline stewards showing a ratio of fuel surcharges to 4.6 per cent in July-September on domestic routes, and a +1.0 per cent increase in September, which was higher than the fall in prices.
Zhang Xiao led to a small increase in income in the third quarter.
The unit cost of the company is equal to 3.5%. We measure the cost of 25q3 units of fuel and the cost of withholding oil is 0.14, 0.27, which is equal to 7.3%, -1.4%, and the price of oil for the third quarter, which is slightly increased by the evental factor, but still falls in the same proportion, and the unit cost of withholding oil is lower in the same proportion or benefits from cost control. In addition, the company’s financial costs are still in place.
Decline route, 25q3 quarter interest expenditure drops by about $300 million on a year-on-year basis, exchange rate appreciations are small, and we measure the value of the prizes by about $200 million before the single quarter tax (1.7 per cent before the contribution).
\triangleright Release - 2025/09/02
The $990 million represents a decline from the same period in the previous year, and the growth in corporate profits is largely attributable to the passenger transport home office. In addition, the return ratio has been significantly reduced, and lower-season prices have deviated from the ability to suppress profits - 2025/04/02
Investment proposals: The fall in oil prices and the financial cost pressure are expected to contribute to improved profitability, and we appreciate that the failure of the \triangleright machine has resulted in a massive shutdown.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.