The reason for the report is: performance forecast.
q4 net profit for the year +24 ~64 per cent, with outstanding contributions from engineering, new assembly channels
According to the announcement, the company ' s revenue from 2020q4 business grew by 12% to 46% on a year-on-year basis, with the absolute leader of the company listed by the parent ' s \triangleright, whose profitability and growth are still bright. 2020q4, expected to be public.
The cost rate during the company period has been significantly optimized, and the Māori rate and net interest rate ring ratio have risen significantly.
In the first three quarters of 2020, the closet generated $4.13 billion, or 8.14 per cent. The performance of the non-container product has been increasing, with $3.811 billion, or +8.72 per cent, in the closet;
In 2020, the company's channels of engineering, dressing, and sheltering were prominent. The engineering channels were timely.
The net interest rate of \triangleright q3 has increased significantly, with revenue from large-scale operations being equalized, optimizing the cost structure, focusing on high-quality real estate companies, and further increasing the share of the 100 percent property.
Establishment of an independent sector to accommodate retail agents in various categories of goods, taking advantage of the advantages of the introduction of the Europa cabinets, and the development of 100-percent real estate strategies and projects in other categories (especially wood doors, shower rooms, engineering department stores, etc.) with a year-on-year increase in revenue from major operations in the first three quarters of 2020
18.39 per cent. Focus on high-quality real estate companies to deepen the mix of products and services based on a combination of customized home-based product characteristics, and promote territorialization of services under the engineering business model of the Group+Services, 28th floor of ITC at 69 West Street, Taiwon City.
Personalized customizing and standardizing the production of buildings in China and China, 28 Sinrixi Street, in Beijing, through the integration of multi-grade services, a combination of price balances and high standards of construction management.
IC7 Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. \triangleright
Macroeconomic growth has fallen short of expectations; property regulation policy risks; market diffusion has fallen short of expectations; raw materials \triangleright price volatility risks; dealers manage risks; large-scale business return risks, etc.
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.