The 2020 performance forecast meets expectations, and the "buy-in" rating is maintained.
• Traditional distribution has a strong advantage, and dressing channels have taken over; and closet performance has moved on to a new level. In the context of the 2020 epidemic, companies, while maintaining sophisticated management, have been active in empowering distributors over time, thus further enhancing the advantages of traditional distribution channels.
At the same time, with excellent managerial skills and a leading panorama, companies have gone hand-in-hand with such channels as cleaning, bulk, bagging, electricity suppliers, and so on. In this case, the company’s fashion model has taken the lead, taking advantage of the new industry.
By category, the company cabinets show a gradual return to warmth, and the closets are on a new step. The revenue growth rate for the first quarter of the 2020q3 cabinets has been positive, with the growth rate for the closets reaching 29.5%, and the expected increase for the kitchen cabinets by 2020q4 is expected to continue.
In 2021, it was determined to look at the retail flats; with the advantage of the head, the value of the company's investments became more apparent. In 2021, we focused on the retail flats. The main logic is: the performance base is low; the gap in completion is likely to recover after the outbreak has interrupted; the housing plate is accompanied by an increase in the concentration of the head and stock occupancy.
Corporate Information Updates - Sales channels are warming up, and consumption properties are becoming more visible. Lead companies value more than any other consumer industry.
For Europa, the company’s leading position in the custom-made furniture industry was established in 2020. And the company has a good management, a mature variety of products, and a forward-looking and implementation effort to expand its channels.
The future’s champions are expected to rise even further, as demonstrated by the multifaceted development of channels such as process, dress-up, electricity, etc.