Europa Homes 603833 light-work manufacturing, rapid recovery of performance after the outbreak, highlighting the resilience of the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: The company issued a performance forecast for 2020, with a projected net profit of $1.85 billion to $2.02 billion attributable to shareholders in listed companies by 2020, an increase of 10 to 20 per cent from the same year. Performance recovered rapidly after the calculation of the 2020q4 net-epidemiology epidemic and profitability increased.
The growth in net profits continued to accelerate in the fourth quarter, with a clear recovery in performance and a strong multi-goods outreach, highlighting the resilience of leading players. Companies achieved 14.9% net interest rates in the first three quarters of 2020, up from 0.5 pp in the first quarter of 2020, and increased profitability. With respect to cash flows, net cash flows from corporate operations in the first three quarters of 2020
The company’s receivables for the first three quarters were $870 million, a 46.5 per cent increase over the previous three quarters, mainly due to an increase in the volume of business projects; the advance payment (consolidation) contributed to the firm’s steady growth.
With the recovery of consumer demand in the third quarter of 2020, there has been a sharp increase in the number of items in the public sector. Specifically, the first three quarters generated $4.13 billion, a drop of 8.1% compared to the previous six months, a decrease of 7.9 pp, a marked improvement in the third quarter.
In terms of the Māori rate, which was affected by the lack of work during the epidemic, the Māori rate decreased slightly for all categories of Māori, with a decrease in the rates of kitchens/dressers/vessel baths/Māori for each category.
High, customer overlaps between the various product categories of the company, enhanced terminal-type synergies, more precise multi-product joint marketing activities in the form of corporate-led + regional linkages, cross-checking between closets, garments and security, and increasing the purchase rate for the multiple product types of the fitter customers.
In the first three quarters of the year, revenue from major channels reached $1.83 billion, an increase of 18.4 per cent compared to the previous quarter, which supported a faster recovery of corporate income as a result of the epidemic. In the first half of the year, companies agreed on joint product development and standard-setting with a number of top 100 producers.
In terms of retail outlets, direct channel revenue is $230 million, compared to the increase.
The rapid development of the assembly channels has been largely dependent on the company’s landing support services for the garment distributors in the first half of the year, improved information on the packaging, and more abundant and competitive supply-chain products and staple materials. Overall, the company has recovered its good performance in the last three quarters.
1. Europa Homes (603833): Multi-type Synergy + All-Channel Long, the advantages of the full-channel layout are gradually expanding and the overall business is of high quality.
European Homes (603833): Multi-purpose full-source energy, yuan, 40 times, 32 times and 27 times, respectively, maintaining a “buy-in” rating.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.