Company review report  Light Industries  Europa (603833.sh) has continued to expand.
1) Performance forecast: The company expects total operating income to increase over last year ' s year in 2020.
The core driving force behind the Faiwang season feature, cost control or increase in net interest rates for q4 single seasons, from the scale end, the total corporate operating income in 2020 is projected to be below/average/upset, and the continued growth in retail end performance during the season is accelerating with the year-end peak in the delivery of real estate developers
We believe that the increase in the size of the company during the first quarter of 202004 and the growth of the probability ring relative to q3 have accelerated further, and that it is expected to achieve the forecast average level of the company throughout the year, slightly above our expectations of the company ' s full-scale performance at the end of the third quarter of 2020.
The higher than anticipated growth in the size of the company in the fourth quarter is due mainly to the fact that since its inception, the company has been working tirelessly to increase its control over the various distribution channels and its continued extension and penetration, leading to a recovery in the domestic domestic furniture consumption market in the second half of 2020.
Maximize opportunities to reach potential client groups in the environment and provide clients with one-stop shopping through brand matrices that cover different levels of consumption and home-made full product matrices, in conjunction with company headquarters' awareness of the operations and services of sales staff in retail outlets
Professional training leads to an increase in consumer satisfaction, eventually locking in potential clients and successfully switching to order sales in March 2020.
Quarterly reviews - light industry - Europa (603833.sh) - The advantage is that companies have not relaxed the rational layout of the remaining high-growth distribution channels, with large volumes, fittings and parcels performing well in 2020.
Reheating trends have been sustained and recommended _20201029 Report Review _ Light Industries _ Euroland (603833.sh)_II. At the end of performance, net corporate return profits in 2020 are at the bottom/average/above of company projections
The Quarterly Ring improvements match expectations for the second half of the year in the traditional Wang Gang.
In a judgement of accelerated growth at the end of the four-quarter round by 03, we believe that the growth in corporate performance in the 202004 quarter will also accelerate growth at the same time as the increase in corporate performance in the 2004 quarter and move closer to the company ' s projected mean level, just as we slightly exceeded our expectations of corporate performance for the entire year by the end of the third quarter of 2020, resulting in corporate performance.
The higher than expected performance in the fourth quarter was due mainly to the company ' s continuing downswing initiatives in the first three quarters of the fourth quarter as a means of reducing the cost rate and raising the net interest rate on sales, which were calculated on the basis of the Division ' s forecast data for the first quarter of the 2004 2004 net interest rate ceiling/average/low limit on sales, respectively
In conjunction with the multi-wheel drive that brands and product matrices are beginning to provide to companies, we expect that companies in the future will rely on their own powerful distribution systems to build brand power, on the company's strengths in terms of customer resources and models for large-scale operations at the end of the line, and on the field of "all-rounding" and new ones.
Inputs in media diversion strategies drive companies to achieve sustainable growth in size and performance. In combination with company performance in 2020, performance is not forecast as much as expected; risks of continued low real estate sales; and risks of increased industry competition.
Table 3: Changes in the number of European households living throughout the country in the first three quarters of 2020 Table 5: Distribution of income by channel in the first three quarters of 2020 in the main European households
Table 7: Monitoring of development strategies and business plans in the annual report 2018-2019, design and manufacture of integrated information systems based on the system ' s dynamic development and multi-formulation of pilot projects
To create a European-specific “traditional industry + Internet” model, the process of building a business model that runs from marketing to manufacturing end, designing and manufacturing a business model that, on the one hand, deepens an information system with an emerging channel model and builds a system based on which Opatt is created.
To promote the “traditional industry + Internet” model, which is designed to be a home for all, as well as a home for all, as well as a home for all.2 On the one hand, the business model is designed to deepen the new and emerging channels, and to find ways to adapt to the situation of European enterprises and to the market situation.
And on the other hand, we're going to push the cabinets plus, the top end of the closet, and we're going to find out what's up to Euro-Society, city-adaptation, bathing plus, custom-made wooden doors and O'Shealy's young fashion brands.
On the other hand, it promotes branding of cabinets and the creation of a profit model for distributors. +, top-of-the-shelf customization, bathroom +, custom-made wooden doors and Euros
(3) Full-channel layout: promote a full-channel layout strategy, maintain the pre-existing niche and position of the brand development and distributors of the young Shiraito brand, and actively fine-tune, dress-up, electricity, foreign trade channel operations, secure channel layout, channel management.
3. Full-channel layout: to promote a full-channel layout strategy that is robust and well-structured while maintaining the ownership of the system and innovative management, while constantly optimizing the ownership and position of the manager in the original channel
(4) Branding: The dynamic of branding as a core element of enterprise development, management of channels and management of systems and innovation, as young consumer groups rise, brand minding, dissipation and continuous optimization of management practices.
Cost groups are becoming the focus of corporate attention, as well as future brands 4, branding: branding as a central element of business development, new directions in the promotion strategy. Companies are insisting on one of the airports, high railway stations, etc., with the rise of young consumers, brand mind stations.
In parallel with external advertising, active exploration of new places like emotional shorts, tremors, etc., consumer groups are becoming the focus of corporate attention, as well as branding through media channels. This is a new direction for future brand promotion strategies.
In parallel with the outdoor advertising of the field, the high railway stations and so forth, the brand promoters of new media outlets such as emotional clips, tremors, and so on, performance aspects: in 2019, the company expected the same business income as it did.
1. Activate internals to manage business promotion Right; net profits are expected to grow by about 20% over the same period, although we are, of course, fully fine-tuning business management, reshaping the value of European business management, looking beyond the goal and challenging ourselves.
Systems, re-engineering marketing and manufacturing synergies to simulate a 17,59 per cent increase in current operating income of companies over the same period; increase in total operating costs over the same period to enable the Ministry of Industry to fight independently; and sound decentralization
22.69 per cent long; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies increased by the same margin
Cut every piece of extra fat, strengthen every piece of strong muscle, (1) grab a share, add a single value: 1 face real estate regulation policies, and further refine and activate performance management mechanisms to encourage
External factors, such as changes in industry channels, will become increasingly competitive in the market, with the full range of people embracing change and innovation, taking full advantage of subjectivity, working mechanisms and organizational strength.
Therefore, the company will follow the rules and devote more resources to the terminal.
(b) Practising agents to win and losing; at the same time, there is a significant effort to innovate in business recruitment methods and to increase the channeling of resources (1) by providing a series of financial support programmes, which will be strengthened.2 Resolutely uphold the advantages of traditional master battlefields. On the one hand, full distribution terminals are injected with a strong heart agent;
The channel expands the tension and provides ammunition: focused products, explosives, powerful and emerging channels; on the other hand, the market is driven by “clothing”, “clothing”, “mixing” and “mixing”. More responsive to demand and trends, multi-dimensional”, “coveret integration”, “police uniforms for everyone”, “starding suits”, high-end, current and mainstream products, etc.
A combination of marketing channels, such as "insignment for everyone" , gives the client the best ammunition, full-arm terminals, full-scale boosts and activates the force. 3 Business and product experiences, large-scale client singles. 3 Unremittingly reducing the burden, releasing the force of action, launching an offensive, seeking the strongest overall easing of terminal control outside the distribution system, massive downsizing and easing the process.
The company works together to implement the Dragon Snake Project, and fights to replace the rest of the population; The scope of the marketing test is to provide effective guidance in lieu of pressure, strengthen the marketing system by selecting market dealers who can fight against them, create market confidence, make the terminal more flexible and free the market.
"Stars live for everyone," "Insignia for everyone," "Invisible power" of the spring to strengthen the power of the terminal.
(ii) Reshaping the value chain, focusing on the ground-breaking pan-channel layout of the quality of products and services, expanding the whole area, making up the old channels, and making further improvements: 1 Information Building Re-Creating, for distributors, new channels of consumption, pooling of all resources to grab orders, traffic, etc.
More real-time, accurate and transparent information-sharing and synergies are provided, changes in the mindset of payers and consumer decisions, comprehensive reform of power providers, marketing on the power line, and extraction of reserves in the outflow.
Capacity to significantly improve efficiency, reduce errors and reduce costs. 2 plus strong product system R & D integration to match channel marketing positioning and 5. New engines, re-constructed power marketing models need to be fast-tracked. 3 Upgraded production engine 2 and set up group marketing model innovation department.
Quality of goods and services, with a view to reducing the number of leftovers and the cost of the system; opening up new battlegrounds, improving marketing channels, improving product quality standards and quality management systems, and upgrading innovation in new production routes, models, and tools.
A step-by-step consolidation of the quality of the product. 4 Establishment of an early seizure of the old market with a full set of product delivery suits; development of a mini-procedure for the City of Emblem, with a system of overall standards, a complete new flow of order data, a business stream with a full new experience of changing online consumption patterns, a Euro-specific pk-capsing of information management, and upgrading of customer information interfaces on product delivery
Mechanisms, wide-ranging accounts, multi-routine operations, building and deep-drawing Europes. 5 Change logistics end-to-end models, significantly upgrade logistics services Super-flow pools, grow lawn pollen far away, close to cutting traffic;
Quality. 6 Focuses on "Quality", "Services", "costs", and so on.
The risk of increased competition in the market: 3; the risk of price volatility of raw materials; 4; the risk of distributor management;
6. Brand management risks; 7; product quality risks. "The conversion period has resulted in an expansion of total equity, which has led to an increase in stockholdings but a decrease in shareholdings.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.