Consumer Upgradation and Entertainment Research Center 40 growth rates, the Matthew effect becomes more pronounced demand after demand + concentration of flows, 4q performance growth rates up: corporate 4q performance growth increases further, though
There are demand after-effects due to the epidemic, but it is still mainly due to the rapid restructuring of the company itself, which, while maintaining the advantages of a centralized retail channel, has matured in full-source operations, with the spread of the epidemic catalyzing channels plus products.
The full-scale advantage of card-plus products has been further demonstrated, accelerating the concentration of traffic towards the head. By product, the cabinets are expected to recover year-round, depending on traditional retail channels, with a return to full-scale growth of 2.q2 channels, expected to increase in the second half of the year.
A slight increase; a further acceleration of the expected 4q to 3q in the closet collection is expected to lead to a higher share of the domestic garment industry. Sub-channels indicate that the growth of traditional retail outlets is expected to increase further, with the overall distribution channel 3. 2q performance on track and expected to accelerate in the second half of the year.
A single-digit growth is expected throughout the year, with a further increase in the contribution of the knitting channels. In addition, the engineering pipeline is expected to continue to grow faster in 4q due to the adequacy of outstanding orders throughout the year.
Industry segmentation will accelerate further, with full-channel operations entering the harvest period: looking ahead to 2021, and in the larger context, as real estate sales and completions continue to warm back in the third quarter of 2020, 4q merchandise houses will be sold at the same size as +12.7 per cent and the same area will be completed at the same level as +4.0 per cent, which will provide a better basis for the release of demand thereafter.
In 2021, the external business environment for home-based enterprises gradually improved. However, in the process, the trend of decentralization of flows will continue, testing the multi-channel operation of enterprises, and the differences in multi-channel operating capabilities are expected to increase the division of the theatre industry.
With, hopefully, it's the key to division. And companies already have all the channels of traditional retail + engineering + dress-up in front of them, and they're running more smoothly, building up their full-scale advantages, and they're looking forward to meeting the water altar.
Domestic epidemics: increased competition in dressing channels: lower-than-expected warming. Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment