What do we think of the combined effects of consumer consumer durables and clothing on the hundreds of billions of Euros?
So, the company's billings show a blow-out growth, and we think it's very likely that the industry will be the fastest growing sub-track in all traditional consumer goods in 2021.
In the case of cabinet operations, retail operations began in the second half of 2020 with a sustained growth of around 10% over the same period, far beyond the competitors in the industry, and on the one hand, total equity/flow (million shares)
New models, such as sellers, have expanded well, while the “repository plus” strategy continues to work, and the total market value/flow value (millions) of the bill has steadily increased. Looking ahead, we believe that the traditional distribution of cabinets is expected to be retail.
12 months of maximum/minimum (mode) distribution, bulk, and dressing/domestic channels continue to operate simultaneously, and the accelerated expansion of distributors in 2021 is expected to yield further downside market dividends, while the bulk channel tradition
Europa (603833) "Eurasia Review: Pre-performance " , further synergy between retail distributors and major service providers, retail distributors using their own local expectations, home-based swords for hundreds of billions of dollars of market value, upwards.
We also look forward to receiving more engineering orders. We believe that the past few years have seen more competitiveness in Central Europe's cabinets, which, in 3-5 years' dimensions, are in the business of Europe's Homes (603833).
It is expected to continue with a compound growth of one or even two digits. Profit expectations are high, closets, dressings are bright, and new channels are being expanded without any additions to the number of company doors in the closet business.
Quick, live air results are evident, and the director and other top executives are on the air, and orders are transformed more robustly than the Europole residence (603833), which is solidly up in 2002, and shows the industry’s strong grip on new channels and trends.
The size of the company ' s closet is already very large, but we think the future development space is very -- 2020/08/27.
Large, mainly in the following areas: 1 client population is still relatively large compared to Sofia: 2 cabinets have a larger margin of improvement than currently available: 3 products with a larger range of product sales than a larger range of upgrades: 4 large business areas and a larger connection of cabinets.
With regard to the dressing business, we believe that the company is well on its way to a virtuous circle, looking forward to a 50% growth in compound over the next three years, on the one hand, and on the other hand, on the other.
In the case of the existing "one-city-one-business" model, there are still more than three times as many opening spaces, and single-store withdrawals and product-package rates will be able to achieve further improvements in the future, while companies will support a part of the generation that is more in line with corporate strategies.
Business as a core agent is expected to provide a better nurturing and incubating environment for the company's new product and business. At present, the finished household is the most likely to run out of the product (projected to double in 2021), and of course other goods, such as household electricity, floors, etc., are considered to be stored by the company.
Looking to the future, where traditional types of goods have gradually increased and new businesses have continued to expand, the valuation is expected to move away from the post-natal cycle, which we still believe has been demonstrated to investors over the past year by the Central Europeans using their actions and performance.
The Division benefits from the increased industry landscape and the blow-out of orders, but in the long run we see more certainty and room for growth as Europeans. In the longer term, the orderly advancement of new business, such as dress-up, is expected to channel Europeans from home brand manufacturers to home.
We believe that, with the company’s traditional cabinet business further sharpening core competitiveness, widening the gap between competition and competition, the new business has continued to grow at a large double-digit level for 21 years.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report