ul Spring and Fall Aviation (601021.sh) Airfield
The bottom-point of performance is now in place, and it continues to be recommended that the company base profile of Spring and Fall be adjusted slightly to allow performance to rebound: Spring and Fall has been in place since the third quarter of 2016.
Because of the boom in the country’s air market in 2017, companies began to adjust their business strategies, manage the benefits and improve the rates of return at the expense of guests.
Slip 2.91 pts, but with a return to international warming, the introduction of normal mobility, a shrinking of oil prices, a reduction in cost pressures, and a gradual depletion of profit factors. Good cost controls and operational capacity are expected to weigh 30% of the net return on aviation during the spring and fall.
Cost controls are close to extreme, and aircraft efficiency can still be improved: spring and fall aviation pursues a low-cost strategy, low-cost, deep-cultural companies operate and manage, with significant results. In the first half of 2017, the unit seat of the company was 0.29 yuan, down from China National Airlines, South Air, and East Air, respectively.
Reconstructing the Market, Māori's downside and downside is less than 15% less than the three major flights in the United States. But spring and fall aircraft use is still on the rise.
Space, the company is also actively adjusting the network layout of the route to make it closer to avoid unnecessary aircraft idle and expects to increase the efficiency of aircraft use and share the unit costs further.
Leasure management works well, and there is still room for higher levels of return: there is room for improved aviation costs in spring and fall, and streamlined management has become a new idea for companies to increase their performance. Trying to achieve higher levels of return in a higher-visit stock market, by raising prices.
4 Quadrennial Performance with Excellent Cost Control - Spring and Fall Airlines Review, 2017.3.31 (rask) discounts are generally greater than case-km costs (cask) discounts, indicating public
There's space for price hikes. And the general difference between the three major aviation Rasks in spring and fall is 5. Power recovery expands, with exchange gains of about 30% over the same year, while U.S.A. is only about 10% off the U.S. three shipping Rasks, and
While the advantage of the guest rate is not the same, cask discounts are significantly greater than rask, which gives rise to a higher level of Maori. It suggests that low-cost aviation, with its share of the market, is no longer the only key indicator, and that spring and fall aviation price increases in mature stock markets will effectively improve the level of returns.
Spring and Fall is our low-cost aviation leader, with short-term performance at the bottom of the line, and now at the cutting point; the long-term benefits of policy liberalization and the full advantage of a low-cost operating model will be realized.
The macroeconomic downturn, low-cost aviation policies, diseases, bad weather, etc., are not as good as expected. Cost controls are close to extreme, and aircraft efficiency can still improve.
As the country’s first low-cost airline, Air Spring and Fall, as of August 31, 2017, the fleet has reached 74 a320 aircraft. Since its inception, the company has been pursuing low-cost strategies, with low-cost cultural depths in all aspects of company operations and management, and has achieved good results.
With regard to the fleet, spring and fall aviation has improved aircraft efficiency by introducing a single aircraft model, making it cheaper to purchase aircraft, following up maintenance, making repairs simpler and less costly, and reducing the training time for pilots, lowering the training costs, moving pilots between aircraft and increasing the efficiency of aircraft use.
With regard to the use of airports, although it has not been possible, for example because of our airport resources, to follow the example of Euro-Ryan and U.S.-South-West, to reduce the use of large hub airports and to base small airports around the city, spring and fall aviation has changed to arrange for the transport of vehicles by reducing the rental of more expensive facilities in airports such as boarding bridges.
At the operational level, low-cost aviation is also doing its best to save costs. Spring and autumn aviation is dominated by point-to-point, short-range routes, reducing the duration of aircraft stay; and through autonomous R & D distribution, reservation, settlement, departure and neutralization.
The back-office core operated the management system, which resulted in savings in the cost of using the medium-air mail system; streamlined in-board diets, reduced free baggage charges, and reduced aircraft operating costs.
The cost of the seating (cask) is 0.29 yuan, a decrease of 28.6%, 27.4%, 27.3%, compared to the cost of the Chinese State Airlines, South Air, and East Air, respectively, and the historical savings have always been relatively high.
The cost per unit is still about 10% higher than in spring and fall.  The development environment in our low-cost aviation industry is much higher than in countries with advanced low-cost aviation such as the United States.
Benefits for the purchase of aircraft: the lack of affordable air terminals in the country with specialized services for low-cost airlines and small airports around the central city, as well as constant tension and air congestion at large airports, are not conducive to low-capacity aviation strategies to reduce costs by increasing aircraft utilization; the Civil Aviation Authority promulgated on 1 April
In the airport price increase documents, passenger service discounts for high-visibility flights have been eliminated; and there is a lack of full marketability at all times in terms of space area control, airline ticket prices, and low-cost aviation advantages have not been fully demonstrated.
• Even though the soil of our low-cost aviation development still needs to be improved, Spring Autumn is a global leader in cost control. Southwest aviation, which accounts for 18% of the United States air market.
In terms of relative unit cost savings, Spring Autumn is leading the global industry. We believe that spring Autumn is now close to extreme cost control and efficient in the use of aircraft.
In the last few years, because of the high drop-out phase, the number of routes has increased faster, the destination has been more dispersed, some less efficient aircraft use has been reduced, and the fixed cost has been less shared. In 2016, the company used an average of 10.70 hours for its registered aircraft.
The company is also actively adjusting the layout of the network to make it closer and avoid unnecessary idle aircraft. The focus is on adjusting the layout of the international route.
10, the number of internal international routes has been reduced by 8 to 20, and flights have been halted, partly off-line and partially off-line in the less profitable second- or third-line cities. The evacuation of bases outside the country, such as Nagoya, has further reduced costs. There are no additional overnight destinations in the country, increasing aircraft utilization as much as possible.
During the first half of the year, companies raised the average of 10.92 hours on board aircraft, and, given the company's limited scope for improving aviation costs this year's target, if they still want to achieve high performance growth, through streamlined revenue management and higher per unit return levels, they will become a new path to low-cost aviation development.
Leaning management has been very effective, and there is still room for higher levels of return, and there is a strong demand for the mature bases of Shanghai, Shenzhen, Ishijia, Shenyang, stock markets, too low far, and seating rates have remained high.
The strategy of attracting passenger flows leads to resource mismatches in the stock market. Against a background of a higher domestic market profile, some high-demand flights, such as Shanghai-Xiamen routes, reach around 98%. The continued use of low fare pricing strategies to attract passenger flows is clearly not conducive to corporate pursuit.
▪ During the first half of 2017, the company began to introduce a lean management in the high-visit market, reducing the number of tickets that were expected to be sold for longer periods and cheaper, and selling more tickets for periods at higher prices, with the expectation of raising the overall return level.
The human-kilometre gain of 0.30 yuan, an increase of 4.3 per cent over the same period, was more than 10 per cent for four major mature base-unit passenger-cargoers and less than 1 ptts, which succeeded in compensating for the combined gains from the development of new bases such as Yangzhou and Ningbo.
Since revenue management will reduce the guest rate to varying degrees, we try to factor in the rate by comparing the unit seat (rask), observing the level of earnings from spring and fall aviation with the other major aviation divisions. We find that spring and autumn aviation units receive the unit seat rate compared to other airlines.
(rask) The discount is generally greater than the unit cost per kilometer (cask), indicating a strategy to increase the fare for spring and fall aviation, and there is some scope for raising the price, as well as a general difference of around 30 per cent between spring and fall aviation, based on an analysis of the range of Rask.
Southwest America, on the other hand, has three major flights in the United States, and although the occupancy rate is almost no longer favourable, Rask's discount is only about 10 per cent, and the US Southwest Rask has in recent years been on three major flights in the United States, making cask's discount greater than the Rask's discount, which has led to a higher level of Maori.
Low-cost aviation, with its share of the market, is no longer the only key indicator, and aviation price increases in mature stock markets will be effective in improving the level of returns. Moving on with the new thinking, performance can rebound.
▪ After the explosion of the international market in 2015, spring and fall aviation suffered multiple adverse effects, performance was under severe pressure, and the decline in net profits from quarterly returns was evident, even recording a deficit of $220 million in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Reviewing the air-saving factors encountered by spring and fall aviation, first of all, the introduction of power was hampered. The eight aircraft planned to be introduced in the first half of 2016 were delayed until delivery in June 2016, bringing together a total of 10 a320 aircraft during approximately seven weeks from late June to early August 2016, with the company moving in,
In the first half of 2016, the proportion of international and regional ask inputs rose to about 40 per cent, but did not enjoy the dividends of warming in the domestic market, returning to the company in the second quarter of 2016.
Second, there has been a continuous decline in international shipping lines. Starting in the fourth quarter of 2015, the industry’s mid-day shipping capacity increased significantly, leading to a significant drop in passenger occupancy and revenue levels, reaching its lowest level in the second quarter of 2016.
The group’s entry, as well as the period of entertainment following the death of the King, have had a major impact on tourism to Thailand. Immediately thereafter, China and Korea, with the highest rate of aviation returns in spring and autumn, were affected more by fares and guest rates as a result of the Sad events.
Third, international oil prices began to recover slowly after reaching the low point in the first quarter of 2016, and the pressure on the navigational costs increased further. Fourth, airport charges were raised when international routes were down and aircraft were introduced too concentrated to digest. On April 1, 2017, the Civil Aviation Authority issued a new standard for airport charges.
Intra-air charges were raised, and discounts on passenger service rates for high passenger rates were eliminated, and air terminal charges increased significantly in spring and autumn, with net profit on repatriation increasing in the second quarter of 2017, reaching the traditional three-quarter season of 2017, where air traffic continued to expand significantly.
New operational data, July-August 2017, 20.6 per cent increase in the number of asks available for spring and fall aviation, 30.5 per cent increase for domestic and 3.5 per cent increase for international aviation, 30.5 per cent increase for domestic and 30.5 per cent increase for the same period, and the impact of revenue passenger km (rpk) on management and new bases, although still high at 91.5 per cent in industry, decline in the same year
Observing the data from spring and fall aviation operations, in 2016, when demand and supply growth fell apart from the concentration of decomposition, and the rest of the months continued to grow at the same pace. But after 2017, the guest rate began to decline significantly, reflecting the firm ' s efforts to streamline revenue management at the expense of a certain number of guests.
After the second half of 2017, aviation in spring and fall will continue its lean management strategy to translate into returns and enhance its performance by maximizing the high occupancy rate in the stock market.
With the beginning of the warmer journey, the Japanese and Thai markets have seen some improvement in their rates of return, with the introduction of a positive return to power, with a total of a320 new aircraft fleets reaching 74 in August. Meanwhile, the price of oil has shrunk and cost pressures have been reduced.
The impact of the base figure is that we expect a 30% net return on aviation in the third quarter of 2017. Focusing on the impact, spring and autumn aviation performance is at the bottom of the board, with the company changing its business thinking, starting to raise revenue levels while paying attention to guest rates, and to tighten the network of routes to improve fleet effectiveness at a certain point.
The advantage of a low-cost business model will be re-emerging. Starting in the second half of 2017, the company is expected to take a long-term perspective, and if spring and fall aviation expects to take full advantage of low-cost aviation, it will also require national policies to improve and provide a development environment more suited to low-cost aviation.
Through low fares and high-frequency point-to-point flights, rapid penetration into new markets, the goal of fostering new markets, raising revenue levels, gradually expanding the network of routes and scaling up operations are essential to the development of low-cost aviation.
Although the current development of new bases, which the government will subsidize routes, allow companies to compete for a certain level of performance and reduce the costs of trial error, the regulation by the Civil Aviation Authority of the introduction of aircraft, the approval of routes, and the price of airline tickets prevent low-cost aviation from fully competing in the market.
Lack of space resources and restrictions on company market penetration and high-frequency flights, however, with the construction of the capital ' s 2nd airport in 19 years and the reform of the civil-military integration of airspace, domestic hub airport output may or will be released, and fares will be fully marketed by 2020, and these policies will be fully marketed.
The changes will bring benefits to the long-term development of low-cost aviation, where spring and fall is the country's leader in low-cost aviation, where there is still room for improvement, where the benefits of industry development will be fully realized, and where we are able to make a cautious assumption of the need to travel as a result of improvements in the corporate environment and adjustments in strategy.
(rpk): The company as a whole continues to maintain a low-price-difficult strategy, new routes are well nurtured, travel needs are maintained, international routes are expected to slow down slightly after high growth, and overall aviation needs are expected to remain high. (sk): Increased demand for domestic lines is expected to add new drivers.
In order to reach a domestic route, the international line will pick up at a steady pace after the market recovers. Passenger kilometres: the company’s low-cost approach to operations remains unchanged, stock markets begin to raise prices at the expense of guest rates, macroeconomic downturns are expected, low-cost aviation policies are not advancing as expected, disease, bad weather, etc.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.