Spring and Fall Air (601021.sh) Airfields are empty, low-cost aviation taps start again.
Strategic continuity, leading the low-cost air market in the country: in March 2017, a high-level change took place in Air Spring and Spring Fall, with the former chairman, Wang Jung-hwa, Wang Jianxiao, taking over the new chairman. The company will continue its low-cost strategy through a unique two-way, two-high, two-low, two-low, business model and the development of an autonomous information system to reduce traffic.
Camp costs, which provide far lower fares than service-wide airlines, achieve differentiated competition, and capture the more price-sensitive passenger segment of the market. Owing to constant tensions in first-line cities, companies have shifted in favour of second- and third-line cities, contributing to growth in corporate government subsidy revenues, which in 2016 amounted to 70.3 per cent of total profits.
At a time when, as a low-cost aviation division, spring and fall aviation has developed its auxiliary business to become a significant increase in net profits for companies. By creating investment subsidiaries and equity incentives, the potential of future companies will be secured.
A total of 10 a320 aircraft were brought together between late August and early August, placing a heavy burden on the passenger rate. In addition, the company’s focus on international markets such as Thailand and Korea in the fourth quarter of 2016 was the subject of a series of policies.
Policy, politics, etc. influences a sharp decline in guest rates and earnings, a slight increase in the cumulative price of oil over the same period, a loss recorded in the fourth quarter, and a delay in the performance of the year. But in 2017, the company ' s main profit margin is being eliminated.
3. "The recovery of power and the improvement in exchange rates has benefited more from low-cost aviation worldwide, which requires good environmental support: low-cost aviation development for almost 50 years.
4. The recovery of power growth, restrictive equity incentives and the use of a unique operating model to push down low costs and lower fares have attracted a large number of passengers worldwide. To date, the global market share of low-cost airlines has grown to 30%.
Low-cost companies like the old All-Service Airlines. But China’s low-cost aviation start-up has contributed to the Māori-Spring and Autumn Air Report.
Later, the market share was only 10.3%, and penetration remains low. Drawing on low-cost aviation experience from abroad, a good and equitable environment is the basis for its development, and further improvements in policy and operating conditions will promote the rapid development of our low-cost aviation and early integration into the international community.
Spring and Fall Air is our low-cost aviation leader, and the business model is recognized in the market. The international line is warm, the concentration of energy is introduced into the digestion process, and the harvest is starting to grow at a high rate.
The macroeconomic downturn, low-cost aviation policies, diseases and severe weather effects, etc., have not advanced as expected.
1.1 Spring and fall Aviation History and Equity Structure
In September 2010, the spring and fall charters held limited shares of 6% and 3% of the spring and autumn charters, which were transferred to the spring and spring wing investments, respectively.
In November 2010, Spring Air completed a limited re-engineering of the stockholding system, with a limited conversion of Spring Air to Spring and Fall Air Company Limited, with a net asset value of about $580 million, converted into 300 million equity shares (one dollar per share), with four shareholders holding the same share. In January 2015, Spring and Fall Aviation successfully completed ipo, which was placed on the market.
In October 2015, a medium-term capital stock transfer was implemented, increasing the stock by 10 shares per 10 shares to 800 million shares for all shareholders. In November 2016, the company introduced a equity incentive scheme, which granted 30 technical cadres a total of 580,000 shares.
Since then, the total stock holdings of Spring and Fall Air have reached 800,580,000 shares, the Spring and Autumn Brigade is a controlling shareholder in the company, holds 62.95 per cent of the shares in the company, and the former Chairman, Wang Jung-hwa, is the actual controller of the company and holds 35.70 per cent of the shares in the Spring and Autumn Brigade.
In March 2017, the former Chairman, Wang Jung-hwa, left and continued to serve on the Board of Directors and the Strategy Committee, and Wang Jung-hwa's son, Wang Chang-hwa, resigned as President of the Company to succeed the Chairman of the Board, resulting in a high-level change.1.2 A low-cost strategy to achieve differentiated competition is maintained.
Since its inception, Spring and Fall Aviation has focused on low-cost strategies. As a private business, the Chairman has been replaced by the eldest son, who has completed a typical family business legacy. It is expected that the low-cost strategy and corporate culture will continue with the new Chairman taking over.
The airline ' s operating model seeks to reduce operating costs, achieve differentiated competition, provide more competitive fares, attract more price-sensitive, self-paying passengers through price advantages, and commercial passengers pursuing high-priced rates, increase guest rates, reduce unit costs, and reach a rate-for-money increase.
▪ By June 2017, the fleet of aircraft in Spring and Fall had reached 73 aircraft, all a320 aircraft, 173 air routes outside the country, and 87 sailing cities. Gradually, two of them are located in the heart of Shanghai, East China, Shenyang, Harbin, North-East Rock, Shenzhen, South-West Chongqing.
In terms of passenger turnover, the share of Spring and Fall Aviation is 2.9% compared to our share of the air market, becoming the leading company in the low-cost aviation industry in the country. In 2016, Spring and Fall Aviation achieved operating income of $8.43 billion, an increase of 4.15%.
During the quarter, the company achieved operating income of 2.570 billion yuan, an increase of 23.09 per cent over the same period. In the revenue structure, air passenger transport generated revenue of $7.89 billion in 2016, an increase of 4.1 per cent over the same period, representing an operating income of 93.6 per cent and air cargo revenue of 0.8 billion yuan, or 1.0 per cent.
Other business income of $460 million, or 5.4 per cent, amounted to $1.880 billion, or 25.6 per cent, the largest share of aviation operating costs in the context of the overall low price of oil in 2016. Among other costs, aircraft and engine rentals were depreciated.
Costs, wages and benefits and landing costs exceed 18 per cent, and the four above constitute the main operating costs of aviation during spring and fall. Although spring and autumn aviation is as low as possible to attract passengers, the company is still on board.
In the second half of 2016, the company’s aircraft were brought together to add to the markets of South Korea and Thailand, and were heavily influenced by political reasons, in the first quarter of 2016 and 2017, against the backdrop of rising oil prices.
The Māori rate for spring and fall aviation was 12.8 per cent and 12.5 per cent, respectively, and the unique “two” and “two-high” and “two-low” business model for spring and autumn aviation resulted in common costs (business costs/ask) and unit costs (sales and management costs/ask)
Among these, the cost of the kilometre is 27% lower, 28% lower, 32% lower, and the unit cost is 60% lower, 55% lower, 61% lower. 1.3 transport forces are inclined towards the second-tier cities, and the income contribution performance is subsidized.
The air force of Spring and Fall is gradually tilted towards the second and third-line cities, and most of the newly imported aircraft have been dropped to Ningbo and Shenyang in the last two months. While the main bases are above Spring and Fall, the first-line airport is strained at times, such as the Pudong airport, which will stop its passenger transportation overtime, charter flights, etc. due to lack of accuracy.
(b) In addition, consumption levels in second- and third-line cities are increasing, but prices are more sensitive than in first-line cities, where spring and fall aviation is more able to take advantage of the low-cost advantage and gain more traffic.
Figure 11: Third-line airport landings and landings are increasing faster, and the power of the movement is tilting towards the second-and-third-line city, making the subsidized income an important business outside the company’s main business.
Airline subsidies are those granted by local governments or airports to air companies to operate certain routes, as well as by the Chinese Civil Aviation Authority.
The amount is calculated by formula, in relation to the number of people, the hours of operation of the flight, the number of flights, and by route subsidies, both to the benefit of companies attracting large numbers of passengers through low fares, to promote the development of the local civil aviation industry, and to enable the public sector to rapidly expand its share of the local market and gain a regional market advantage; and fiscal subsidies to the tax.
In 2014 and 2015, companies launched international flights, and local governments became more interested in the business opportunities offered by international routes, with government subsidies growing rapidly in both years.
During the rest of the year, government subsidies increased steadily. In 2016, spring and fall Air received a government subsidy of $903 million, an increase of 6.3 per cent over the same period, representing 70.3 per cent of total profits, which contributed to a significant portion of performance.
The air fares for spring and fall do not include passenger-class meals, and the free baggage is equal to those for all service airlines.
Low, for passengers who need such services, a certain amount of money; in addition, spring and fall flights have been introduced, fast-boarding services, insurance agents, etc., giving passengers more options to meet their individual needs — 710 million yuan in 2016, representing an increase of 10.2 per cent, compared to the revenue earned.
In 8.4 per cent, the share of secondary income in 2011 was only 4.9 per cent of operating income The per capita contribution in 2016 was supplemented by a contribution of $49.7 yuan, which represented a significant increase from the 2011 level of per capita supplementary income of $30.4 dollars.
With fewer products, new growth points take time to nurture. Through online platforms and mobile terminals, companies can study the design of packaged products that can be delivered more quickly to clients, per capita support income continues to grow, and secondary income accounts for revenue.
A steady increase in the share of revenue is expected to be an important growth point in net corporate profits in the future.1.5 R & D leads the industry, autonomous R & D saves operating costs.
Building advantages. The autonomous aerial distribution, reservation, settlement, and exit systems developed by Spring and Fall Aviation have made it possible for Spring and Fall Aviation to be independent of the China Air Letter system, to increase corporate access control and operational efficiency, and to shorten the financial closure cycle, resulting in significant savings in agency costs.
▪ In 2016, spring and fall aviation R & D investment amounted to $7.238 million, or 0.86% of operating income, and was used to upgrade and upgrade the company’s business systems, operating systems, and supporting systems. As a low-cost airline, R & D costs are far ahead of the three major flights. In 2016, China
Airline, South Air, has invested $14.43 million and $164 million, respectively, representing a share of business income, not just 0.01 per cent and 0.14 per cent. High R & D inputs from Air Chi, Spring and Fall have enabled companies to take advantage of information-based advantages to significantly reduce sales.
Costs, efficiency of operations. Direct e-commerce marketing systems developed by companies on their own will save more than US$ 10,000, a self-help clearing system will save more than US$ 80 million, while leaving the port system will save companies about US$ 70 million.
Larger, but more cost-effective, captures the company’s low-cost strategy. 1.6 Equity incentives give advantage to employees and increase the competitiveness of the main industry  November 2016, with the result of restricted stock awards from the spring and fall aviation announcement incentive scheme, the company will
A total of 580,000 restricted shares were awarded to 30 technical cadres, or 0.0725 per cent of the total equity, and the average three-year average of single-organic profits for the first three full financial years could be no less than $20 million for the 18-30 months, 30-42 months, 42-54 months after the award.
▪ This restricted equity incentive program, although it is the first phase, is not the first attempt by Spring and Fall Air to bind the company’s key personnel to the company’s interests and to improve its efficiency. From the start of the market, the company began to take advantage of the company’s benefits to its employees and to grow together.
On September 30, 2010, the two companies were established to invest in spring and fall for some of their employees in spring and autumn and spring and autumn.
The Xin and Spring Wing Investments and the first phase of the Equity Incentive Scheme, which allows management and staff to be tied to the company for a total of 115 profits and allows the company to operate efficiently.
▪ Following the company’s success in raising $1.75 billion in January 2015 to purchase nine a320 aircraft and three a320 flight simulators, in August 2016, the company announced a non-public release of stock plans, which continued to expand the fleet steadily and improve the competitiveness of the company.
At a sum not exceeding $4 billion, 10 a320 extensions and 1 a320 flight model will continue to be purchased. Spring and Fall Aviation will continue to refine its air network, taking over price-sensitive second-tier stockholders meeting for approval. It is expected that the company will reconvene its board of directors and adjust the surcharge.
About 130 million shares, if all the new shares are purchased for the new shareholders, the share share of Spring and Fall will decrease to 54% after issuance, remaining the owner of Spring and Autumn Aviation, and Wang Junghua will remain the actual control of the company. Once the new process is initiated, it is expected that the CMS will be cleared by the end of this year and certified in the second quarter of next year.
The Board of Directors considers the adoption of the specific content and implements the targeted incremental programme.
In 2016, the company’s ability to move was a major challenge. For a number of reasons, 10 a320 aircraft were brought together for approximately seven weeks, from late June to early August of the year, and the public transport force was under considerable pressure to deliver, line up, sell and operate.
With the introduction of centralized aircraft, capacity will take time to digest, although the level of air passenger occupancy in spring and autumn continues to dominate the industry, but it has been under severe pressure since the second half of 2016. In the second half of 2016, the overall rate of air passenger arrivals in spring and autumn was 90.6 per cent, a decrease of 1.4 pts compared to the same period in 2015, with the exception of 2017 since 2016.
In the first half of 2016, the introduction of aircraft was unfavourable, resulting in higher air fares in the country.
Without the additional capacity to fully benefit from the sector ' s upward dividends, operating income is more difficult to achieve, and the Division has moved its stock capacity to a more profitable international route, raising the share of international and regional ask inputs to about 40 per cent in the first half of 2016.
2.2 Four quarters of the international line has worsened, delaying performance throughout 2016  due to the rapid introduction of aircraft and the time it takes for additional power to grow, resulting in only a small increase in corporate operating income, which is significantly lower than the growth rate of operating costs, and a significant decrease in the Māori rate recorded during the three quarters of the aviation season
In the third quarter of 2016, spring and fall aviation earned $2.6 billion, an increase of 9.8 per cent, operating costs of $1.98 billion, an increase of 21.8 per cent, Māori $630 million, Māori 24.1 per cent, respectively, to enter the fourth quarter of 2016, where it faced greater challenges.
The Division’s focus on international markets is expected to be more profitable, and the occupancy rate itself is already under pressure. In the fourth quarter, Thailand and South Korea, the company’s highest international line investment has led to a sharp decline in the number of international lines and returns due to a range of policy, political, and other factors.
The main reason for the loss in the fourth quarter, a slight increase in the four quarters of the price of oil over and over, and a slight increase in the four seasons of spring and autumn aviation. In the fourth quarter of 2016, the occupancy rate of the international line of spring and autumn aviation was only 81.1 per cent, down from 2.2 pts in the same period in 2015, resulting in operating income of $1.87 billion, an increase of 5.8 per cent, well below the ratio of ask.
2.3 The negative effects were eliminated and the main aviation industry returned to normal during the spring and autumn season. In 2016, air operations experienced significant difficulties, including the introduction of aircraft capacity from June to August, which resulted in pressure on the occupancy and return levels; and political encounters on international lines, which were the main inputs of the previous period.
In 2017, the company’s main trade-off factor was gradually being eliminated. First, in 2016, the incoming power began to be absorbed, and the company re-invested, thanks to an upswing in the domestic market.
In the domestic market, ask invested more than 65%. The introduction of the aircraft in 2017 also returned to its intended track, and while the rate of occupancy has remained slowly declining, the rising level of returns has led to an increase in operating income during the first quarter of the year and an expansion in the size of the operation brought about by the introduction of the aircraft.
• Second, the international market is at its bottom. Thailand’s tourism industry is gradually recovering, and companies are beginning to re-intensify their investment; Korea’s market is less likely to continue to deteriorate; Japan’s market is starting to improve, and the guest rate and fare levels are improving. Both of these factors have led to the growth of spring and fall airline operations.
Quarterly, spring and fall aviation generated operating revenues of $2.57 billion, an increase of 23.1 per cent over the same period, and, since it was recorded on the market  third, oil prices, which have had a greater impact on performance in the first quarter of 2017, are also expected to decrease gradually.In the first quarter of 2017, international oil prices rose by about 55 per cent over the same period, and airline operating costs increased significantly.
Spring and fall recorded operating costs of $2.25 billion, 42.8 per cent more than the previous year, a 12.0 per cent decline in the Māori rate, 12.5 per cent, and a net return profit of $300 million in the final quarter, a decline in the same year. After the second quarter of 2017, the price of oil increased at a significant rate, with the price of oil collapsing in the centre or from $55 per barrel.
Taking into account that the net return profit from aviation will return to growth in the second quarter of spring and fall, the rate of performance will increase further to over 70 per cent after the third quarter of the aviation season.
Although the incremental market is still in the process of being nurtured as a result of the increased capacity of companies, the stock market has matured and has been a strategy to attract customers at the expense of fare prices, creating resource mismatches in the stock market. Some hot-route flights have been in short supply, such as a 98% passenger occupancy rate on Shanghai-Shangmen.
On the right or the left. A price-fixing strategy that still attracts low fares is clearly not conducive to the pursuit of earnings by companies. In the larger direction of a continuing low-cost strategy, the company’s fare strategy will be partially modified, with appropriate price increases, at the expense of a certain high passenger rate, in order to increase the revenue from the route.
The core diversionary strategy is not in conflict with the fact that, in nurturing a mature route, traffic no longer offers advantages, and higher fares will be more conducive to higher yields. It is expected that this change in fare strategy will be more conducive to raising the growth rate of spring and fall aviation and provide a new direction for companies to improve their performance.
The low-cost airline industry has been growing for almost 50 years. Low-cost airlines, based on their unique operating model, have been under pressure.
Cost, lower fares, attracting a large number of passengers around the world. Currently, the global share of low-cost airline markets has grown from 8% in 2001 to 30% in 2016, and there are many low-cost companies around the world that are able to match the old all-service airlines.
▪ Southwest American Airlines has developed to date as the second largest airline in the United States, accounting for 17.9 per cent of the market share of southwest aviation, after 18.3 per cent of United States aviation, based on weekly passenger traffic, and another low-cost airline, with a 6.5 per cent share of fast blue aviation.
Low-cost aviation divisions also play a vital role in the European air market. Irish ryanair transported 117 million passengers in 2016, a 15% increase compared to the previous year.
Hansa, Iag, and Air France-Netherlands have become the transport companies with the highest passenger traffic in Europe. The fifth-ranked Easijet is also a low-cost aviation division.
At a time when low-cost aviation is global, low-cost aviation development in North-East Asia, especially in China, lags behind. At present, China’s low-cost aviation market shares are only 10.3%, and penetration rates are still low, and I am still low.
The country’s low-cost aviation starts later, and the corresponding development environment is not perfect. For our low-cost flights to develop rapidly, there is still a need to move forward in terms of resource allocation, passenger awareness, and policy constraints. First, the question of resource allocation is a top priority for our low-cost airlines.
Lines are strictly regulated, high-quality routes at the hub airport are monopolized by four major shipping lines, while feeder markets are less profitable, and low-cost aviation divisions are subject to intense competition. Moreover, policy constraints prevent our low-cost aviation divisions from growing as fast as foreign low-cost aviation divisions.
The cost of the oil and the airport is very different from that of the full service company, and the low-cost aviation division does not fully reflect the cost advantage: the upper limit of air fares is regulated, the low-cost air fare strategy is partially discouraged: the supplementary revenue component is also regulated, for example, seating fees are still banned, resulting in low-cost aviation revenues.
▪ Building on the experience of low-cost aviation development abroad, a good and equitable environment is the basis for its development. Although China ' s Civil Aviation Authority has encouraged the development of low-cost aviation, and issued a Guidance for the Promotion of Low-cost Aviation Development in 2014, it has encouraged the establishment of low-cost airlines.
4. Valuations and profitability projections need to be further improved in the policy and operating environment on one floor.As a result of the challenges to aviation operations in spring and autumn starting in 2016, the market is in a state of emptiness.
The current pb valuation is about 3.6 times more than the historical pb valuation, which is almost 40% less than the 5.9 times more than the historical pb valuation. After the company’s windfall, it is expected that the company’s valuation level will be ready for repair.  Worldwide, low-cost airline pb valuations are generally higher than all service airlines in the region.
Global investors’ approval of low-cost aviation operations can be seen. Europe’s Ryan Airpb is about 5.5 times more than the Hansa Group is about 1.4 times more; the United States Southwest Airpb is about 4.7 times more than the mainland is about 2.9 times more; and the highest Easter Airpb is about 1.9 times larger in our three major fleets.
But because our low-cost aviation penetration rate is low, our market share in spring and autumn is low, and there is still a gap in valuation compared to the foreign leader, the low-cost aviation division.
Unlocking, the passenger perception of low-cost aviation is deeper, low-cost aviation models are rapidly developing in our country, and spring and fall aviation, as our leader in low-cost aviation, will maximize the dividends of industry development, and the valuation hub is expected to converge with the international community.
Figure 30: Low-cost aviation pb is valued at a high level of mobility demand (rpk): the company as a whole still maintains a low-price-difficult strategy, new routes are well nurtured, travel demand is maintained; international routes are expected to slow down slightly after high growth, overall
(g) Transporting power (ask): Increased demand for domestic lines is expected to benefit from the company ' s additional capacity being invested mainly in domestic passenger kilometres: the company ' s low-cost approach to operating is unchanged, stock markets are beginning to raise prices at the expense of guest rates, the domestic line is expected to rise by the same margin in 2017, and the international line is expected to shrink.
The macroeconomic downturn, low-cost aviation policies have not advanced as expected, disease outbreaks and severe weather effects
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the fundamentals of the enterprise, judging the results of a comparison of the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years with the average value of the firms listed in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.