Revenues from investment in copper mines have continued to grow, and potassium lithium production capacity is high - the Tibetan Mining Company (000408.sz) incident assessment report published the annual report of the Tibetan Mining Company for 2024: the company achieved operating income in 2024
The revenue from the business of the fuhh@cfsc.com.cn potassium has declined, mainly due to sales prices of 15.86, 36.42, 23.34 and 3168 million, respectively, of potassium chloride.
The sales of potassium chloride in q4 were 13.96, 40.05, 17.49 and 32.99 million tons, respectively, with sales prices and costs of $2.21 billion in 2024, compared to an annual average unit cost of $116.04 per ton and +7.18 per cent per year.
Lithium carbonate production was 2385.5, 3423.5, 3468.5, 2288.5 tons, of which lithium acid sales were 3970, 3660, 2580 and 3372 tons, of which q4 sales were equal to +31.96 per cent and ring to +30.70 per cent.
1 Tibetan Mining (000408). In terms of the price and cost of potassium lithium plates, the revenue from the operations of lithium carbonate in 2024 was $1,022 million, which remained low in the same year, and the return on investment in copper mines continued to increase.
In 2024, the dragon copper industry produced 1603,000 tons of copper, and the company owns the dragon copper industry.
The profits of the giant copper mine increased by 30.78%, and the company confirmed the return on the investment during the reporting period of $1.928 billion, or $1.9 billion, or 48.72%. The copper plate contributed to the profits in the context of the flat price rise.
On February 22, 2024, the company’s share company was approved for the second phase of the conversion of the Tibetan dragon copper mine.
The project is expected to be operational by the end of 2025, with more than 100 million tons of ores to be selected for a combined one-two-year postnatal period, 300,000 to 350,000 tons of mineral copper per year, and the giant bronze industry will be the largest single selection for the largest domestic selection and the largest global production in this century.
▪ To promote parallel development of several projects, with a large forward increase in the capacity of potassium lithium production (1) potassium chloride: During the reporting period, the company ploughed Laos into the development of potassium potassium salt mineral resources, overcoming complex geological conditions, and completed a number of important nodes.
At the end of the reporting period, the company had submitted a feasibility study to the Department of Mines of the Lao Ministry of Energy and Mines and had synchronized the preparation of the environmental assessment report.
Design tender for 2 million tonnes/year potassium chloride phase was completed, with priority being given to (2) lithium carbonate: Tibet, a fully-owned subsidiary of the company, involved in mining investment in Tibetans.
A 39% share in mining. After the change in equity, companies have a significant advantage over the core assets of the country that can penetrate mining in the country, and they have mining rights in the two main salt lakes of Tibet, Alilongwood faults and knots, with a combined lithium carbonate reserve of 3.9 million tons (stocks).
Large, 28 million tons of potassium chloride (medium storage), of which lithium carbonate is the world ' s leading reserve. To date, mining certificates have been issued for tea-carat and dragonwood salt lakes, with tons of lithium salt, including 30,000 tons of industrial-grade lithium hydroxide and 30,000 tons of battery grade.
Lithium carbonate project, of which 10,000 tons of lithium hydroxide production lines are under construction; Dragonwood fault; Salt Lake production capacity planned to produce 70,000 tons of lithium salt per year, which has now been approved by the ring. Given the significant advantages of the company’s cost of lithium lifting from salt lakes, lithium salt from salt lakes and potassium fertilizer will be released in the future
The giant copper mine continues to expand its production capacity and the copper hub begins to move up. The forward performance of the company will continue to grow, thus maintaining a “buy-in” investment rating. 1) The global lithium salt lake and lithium mine are over-expected; 2) the need for lithium batteries is not as high as expected
(iii) The mining of salt lakes and potassium from companies is not proceeding as expected; (4) the bronze industry is profiting less than expected; (5) the price of potassium chloride is highly volatile.
The strategy and the six-year experience of new energy research. Zhang Weibao: M.A. in Chemicals, South China University of Technology, 13 years of research experience in the chemical industry, three years of vendor research, ten years of buyer research experience, good judgment of industries and companies through supply and demand relationships and changes in competition
In 2023, you joined the Chinese securities research team, China and China, China University, and Hong Kong Chinese University, with a master's degree in science in color and new materials.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index is described as follows: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer); a Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.