IT hardware and equipment advanced to help peng fly for nine days, off-the-shelf a share of the printed circuit board.
Corpperton, which was founded in Shenzhen in 1999 with a series of equity rights, will re-organise the powerful shares of the Hong Kong Empire, Qing Dynasty, Fuper Industries, Huan Dynasty, Hwang Heung-sung and Xu Dynasty (Liao An) in 2016.
A subsidiary that was incorporated under the banner and also established overseas subsidiaries Hong Kong and Taiwan, was responsible for all of the pcb operations of Iris, Taiwan Ding and Yi Ding International, and was subsequently ranked among the top global pcb companies in 2017 and ranked in the list of Pcb companies in 2018.
Re-elevation of downstream dividends. The share of the company ' s revenue is extremely high (principally corresponding to total market value/flow (millions of dollars) and smartphones (in 2015 it accounted for the company ' s total revenue).
The highest/minimum division of 12 months has grown steadily. And when the dividends of downstream smartphones have dissipated, the product skills of Ping Dynasty (002938), the advanced process is helping the pelicans.
The upgrade became the main factor in the continued increase in the value of the pcb single machine, and the company became a company with a technological preponderance over the same industry established by the wind-bill companies of the 9-day flight of the downstream industry - 2019/11/25.
In 2018, corporate revenue and net profits were 25,855 million yuan and 2,771 million yuan, respectively. At the same time, leading technology became an important tool for companies to reach out to other nuclear clients.
5g gives rise to opportunities for flexible board change. In the past few years, fpc upgrades have been mainly in technological processes, accompanied by a tendency to thinen intelligent terminals, moving towards higher density lined, more fine line width and more layers, while base sheet materials have improved relatively little and remain the main source of improvement.
With polyamide (pi) and polyester membrane (pet), in the 5g period, low dk and df circuit board material became an important direction for manufacturers to study (especially for use in the sky) in order to reduce the loss of signals during high-frequency, high-speed communications.
There are already two low-depletion base material options - lcp and heteropi (mpi), lcp and mpi, which will further increase the single machine value of softboards in terminals such as smartphones, and the competition of solar-based soft-board manufacturers such as the doves.
The firm’s pre-eminence is clear. Increasing the integration of the boards is the goal of having a dove: an advanced process to help the dot fly for nine days.
One of the most effective ways to load as many parts as possible in space is for apples to introduce the slp board for the first time in iphonex, although only two smartphone branders, Apple and Three Stars, now use the slp board on their flagship, but with intelligence.
Mobile phones (especially 5g) are increasingly demanding the integration of internal space, and other home-line smartphone branders (e.g., Hwayi, oppo and vivo) may follow up on slp applications in high-end flag ship products; yole predicts that global slp from 2017 to 2023
The market size will grow at a combined annual growth rate of 64%, reaching $2.24 billion by 2023. The company’s current slp production rate has stabilized, with Slp accounting for about 5% of its revenue in 2018.
The elasticity of the Division’s future performance can be accompanied by a further consolidation of technological excellence in the area of slp. Accumulating, companies are the main suppliers of fpc and slp to important international clients, and the current trend is that fpc and slp continue to grow in single machine value and usage on mobile phones, while international importance is high.
The client's demonstration effect will make the company more effective in developing front-line brand manufacturers in the country. For example, domestic brands that are currently subject to cost constraints and slow in fpc and slp than apples, driven by the demand for internal integration, are also beginning to increase the use of fpc and introduce it.
Pe34.78, 29.93 and 26.09 times more, given the likelihood that the company's technology in the fields of fpc and slp will lead in the future, which is expected to help the company achieve a higher than expected growth in performance, for the first time, the in-house branding industry is not moving as fast as expected: (3) the company's ipo project is progressing
Ping Dynasty: advanced program to help peng fly for nine days Ping master program to help peng fly for nine days
(i) Expiry: the company’s main business is the production, production and sale of printed circuit boards. The main product is used mainly in the areas of communications (smart mobile phone ownership), consumer electronics (equipable equipment, headphones), traditional pcb (r-pcb), soft
The production capacity of various types of printed circuit boards, such as fpc, high-density printed circuit boards (hdi) and slp, can provide customers with a full range of customized pcb products.
A series of replenishments, equity transfers and equity changes became a limited portfolio of foreign investment held by investors from within and outside the United States, such as Port-au-Prince Business, Merit International, Deloitte and Sun-Pengcheng, Autumn Shinjingmoto, Wuhan Cheng Yui, and also known as Penang Holdings, which landed in September 2018.
As of the three-quarterly report in 2019, US Port Business and CFI held 66.38 per cent and 6.44 per cent of the shares of the companies, respectively, while Dominant Holdings indirectly held 100 per cent of the shares of Port American Business and Merit International, so that the Dow Holdings held 72.82 per cent of the shares of the companies indirectly and are the indirect shareholders of the companies.
The company ' s main wholly-owned subsidiaries, such as the Qin Empire Island, Qing Dynasty, Fung Bhai Industries, Xin Hsien, Xin Hsien, Xin Hsing Hsien Hsien and Xin Hsien, were established in the country with 100 per cent ownership control at the beginning of their establishment, and in December 2016 they were restructured through a series of equity restructurings.
In addition, the company has set up offshore subsidiaries of Hong Kong and Taiwan Ping to carry out all of the pcb operations of Iris, Taiwan Ding and Yi Ding International.
The company's strategy has been to serve large clients since its inception: in the functional era, the company is committed to serving global functional leaders such as Nokia, Motorola, Sony Ericsson, and with the emergence of the smart machine and its replacement status, the company's core clients are turning into apples.
Global smartphones, such as opo, have benefited from deep binding with core clients, and corporate collection patterns have expanded. After taking over all of the pcb operations of Iris, Taiwan Ding and Yi Ding International, the company was ranked as the top global pcb company in 2017 and at the top of the list in 2018.
Ping Dynasty: Although the strength of the advanced program to help peng fly for nine days is different, it is a microcosm of the increasingly stringent environmental requirements of our country in recent years, with our own limited value for sewage emissions from pcb enterprises, while foreign capital, such as Taiwan and Japan, was in the early stages.
There is a weak control of pollution emissions at the plants that invest in the interior, where redesigning and planning are more difficult, where entrepreneurs are less willing to install environmentally friendly equipment such as sewage treatment at the expense of the cost, so some of the high-polluting plants that are difficult to renovate are forced to shut down, and where the share of the domestic market is gradually shifting to high-quality domestic capital.
The company’s predecessor, one of the representatives of a pcb company’s interior construction plant, has been focusing on the construction of an internal green culture for hundreds of millions of dollars, which has been rated “green” in environmental credit ratings for three consecutive years, with an emphasis on environmental sustainability.
One of the most important long-term safeguards. (ii) Growth: Re-elevation of downstream dividends.
Over 60% of total corporate income. By 2016, it had benefited from a boom in the major downstream applications, but since 2016, the global smartphone market has saturated, the industry has entered the stock game phase, the volume of output has started to grow weak, and the output of the company ' s large customer ' s mobile phone products has even declined year after year, even in the public domain.
In the context of the Division's “reducing margin” strategy, income in 2016 was almost equal to that of the previous year. After 2017, more new processes and technologies were introduced into the products of the company's large clients, such as iphonex and iphonexsmax in 2018.
The technological upgrading of the product led to an increase in the value of the fpc single machine, which resulted in a better growth in the company's revenue in 2017-2018, a profit-making rate of $25,855 million and 27.71 per cent in the company's revenue and net profits, respectively, and a temporary increase in the Māori rate as a result of a “value-reduction” strategy for large clients in 2016
The combination of positive factors, such as the resurgence of innovation among large clients, the increase in the share of high-origin consumer electronics and the increase in the rate of corporate automation, and the gradual warming of corporate profitability, are expected to continue with the positive impact of these factors on corporate profitability for some time to come.
Ping Dynasty: The advanced process of helping Ping fly for nine days is a source of concern for some of the investors, who believe that companies may be “down and down, down and down” and that there have been cases in the past few years where large clients have experienced a decline in their performance as they seek new suppliers.
In the case of cost-oriented products, however, it is not hard to find that the shift is more likely to occur, and the likelihood of later entrants taking orders and making turns overboards is clearly low for technological innovations. In the past few years, because of considerations such as the transfer of internal space, the guarantee of signal transmission, and so on, smartphones' pcb products have undergone a process and material upgrading.
As one of the major players in the upgrading of large-scale clients’ products, it is relatively unlikely that orders will be seized in large quantities. An analysis of the growth factors of companies over the past few years shows that the boom in the smartphone industry up to 2015 masked, to some extent, the benefits of product technological upgrading to corporate growth, which is a low-swap commodity.
In the case of dissipation, it starts to manifest itself. The binding of windward companies in downstream industries is undoubtedly one of the main reasons why companies have established an in-house technological edge, while leading technologies have become an important asset for companies to reach out to other core clients. In the case of slp, the iPhone board has taken the lead in using slp, which is undoubtedly the end for companies.
The layout of the same industry, and the technical position of the cardboard position makes the company the most powerful contender of the orders when domestic smartphone brands, such as China and opo, are willing to follow up on Slip applications in the flagship. Slp, too, is a soft board.
The firm's most direct pursuit of technological dominance is high R & D investment, with the company's R & D costs in 2018 amounting to $1.22 billion, far above its domestic and Taiwann counterparts, and the R & D costs as a proportion of the company's total revenues are largely at par with other domestic and Taiwan-based front-line printing circuit boards (R & D costs in 2018).
The ratio of R & D to R & D costs in 2014 - 2017 is high, and the accumulation of R & D over the years is an important basis for the company’s current position in the industry. The share of the company’s current revenues is about 80% and 20%, including slp:
The driving forces behind the future growth of softboard operations include four main points: (1) a follow-up to the \diamond uplifting of the customer's mobile phone product and an increase in the unit price resulting from the import of new base plate materials such as mpi, lcp, etc.: (2) a domestic smart player
The branding company's flagship is likely to follow up on the iPhone on the use of softboards, and the company is expected to earn a better share from leading technology: (3) to accompany large clients in the development of new product lines (such as watch, tws, etc.): (4) to increase car computerization is expected to widen the market space for softboards.
The firm, as the world's strongest fpc supplier, is the strongest competitor in the car fpc market; growth in the hardboard sector is expected to be driven by slp, with a global sales of 225 million iphones in 2018, with less than 35 per cent of the products on the slp board (iphonex sales).
Thirty-eight million copies, iphonexsmax, 1.7 million, and iphonexs, less than 16 million), while this year ' s apple new machine continues to be designed on the slp board, the penetration of iphone on the slp will be further increased, and the iwatch, airpods, etc. are also expected to import slp plates.
The market is expected to grow rapidly in the year, and with the arrival of the company’s Qin Royal Island fund-raising project, sufficient productive capacity and strong market demand, the company’s performance is expected to grow further. Here we will analyse the two major technological upgrading trends in soft and hardboard, respectively, and the company can play the role.
The smartphone is the most important downstream market for fpc, and functional innovation is expected to lead to a continuous increase in the use of single machines.
The fpc has a variety of advantages, such as high line density, light weight, thickness, bendability, etc., depending on whether or not it is curable, both rigid and scratchy. In smart phones, parts such as screens, key presses, cameras and hearing cameras need to be connected to the main board through fpc, because
Here, the import of innovation functions (such as 3d face recognition, etc.) will lead to an increase in fpc usage, for example, in the case of iPhones, where almost every generation of new products will have an increase in fpc single machine use. In the past few years, the amount of US$ 1 billion that has benefited from smartphone shipments and, according to Prismark, its market space is expected to grow to US$ 14882 billion in 2022.
In the past few years, fpc upgrades have been mainly in technological processes, accompanied by a tendency to thinen intelligent terminals, moving towards higher density lined lines, thiner line widths and more layers.
The base sheet material, however, has improved relatively little and is still dominated by polyamide (pi) and polyester membrane (pet), and in the 5g period, in order to reduce the loss of signals during high frequency, high-speed communication transmissions, low dk and df lined sheet materials have become an important direction for individual manufacturers.
Soft plate) already has two options - LCD high molecules (lcp) and heterogeneous pi (lcp) with not only a lower medium constant and a corrosion angle, but also a better sealing feature that maintains a steady performance, has a better stacking capacity and is suitable for multi-storey antennas.
For the first time in the year, icp softboards were used in iphones for antennas, accompanied transmission lines, the main board relays and the pelican holding: advanced process to assist the pelican to fly for nine days
However, due to the use of new equipment for some of the special processes for the preparation of the lcp base, and the difficulty of producing low-cost, high-quality lcpfccl, firms that are currently producing in large quantities worldwide have only Primatec and kuraray under the village field flag, resulting in a high price of lcpfccl. The production of lcp softboards also needs to be increased.
New equipment, coupled with some special processes, is more difficult to control, and the main suppliers of Apple ' s icp softboards in the previous two years were Metrocirc, a subsidiary of Murata, and Taiwan. Indeed, there are now several softboard companies (e.g. Penang, Tai County, mflex, etc.) that already have icp softboards.
The probability of the remaining competitors wanting to get a better level of profitability is not high, but there are two options for other soft-liners: (1) waiting for lcpfccl
Improved supply patterns, increased supply levels or new suppliers sought and tied; (2) another supply phase for the spread of low-lost base material, which is currently the answer in the second way.
Mpi is an improved pi material whose performance (dk and df) is between ordinary pi and lcp, which can even be compared to lcp in the lower-middle-frequency band, with prices that are cheaper than lcp, which can almost be applied to ordinary pi, and which is expected to capture part of the market at a rate consistent with the 5g communication transmission rate.
For example, mpi is used in the iphone antennas (+ transmission lines) of the non-five-g new machines in the second half of this year. Of course, mpi still has slightly less performance than lcp when transmitting HF signals, and if the next 5g moves into the millimetre wave phase, the base mass of the terminal antenna will still be dominated by lcp.
In general, the use of lcp and mpi will further increase the unit value of soft boards in terminals such as smartphones, which is also the root cause of the ability of solar-system soft-board manufacturers, such as the doves, to continue to be more profitable in a highly competitive market.
The company’s pre-eminence is clear: (i) the proliferation of slp functional modules due to the shortage of space resources within the cell phone and the existence of thinner claims have stretched the internal space of smartphones.
And in the coming 5g, cellular power will rise again, and instead, the energy density of battery material has barely increased in the last few years, so more space will need to be removed for batteries to enhance their ability to continue. In any case, smartphone “inner space” will gradually become a “scarce” resource, and how it will be in a limited space.
Ping Dynasty: The advanced process of helping the peng fly for nine days, and as many parts as possible in as many days becomes a problem that major smartphone branders need to think about and solve, and the integration of the board may be one of the most effective ways to solve the problem.
This idea is best supported by the first introduction of slipboards (slp) in iphonex by apples, which are advanced pcb products that are designed to achieve a line width of 30 m (hdi) with applications close to hdi, but with the use of ic-board fine circuit manufacturing technique msap (improved formulation)
The minimum line width is typically 45 μm, thus increasing the integration of the main board to save space. Two slp-connected sandwich stacks designed through an intermediary bridge have reduced the size of the iphonex main board compared to iphone 8, but capacitable circuits have been significantly upgraded.
Now, while only two major smartphone branders, Apple and Samsung, use the slp masterboard on the flagship, as smartphones (especially 5g) introduce more new features and demand for internal spatial integration, other front-line smartphone brands (e.g., Hwa, oppo and vivo) may also be high.
In addition, smart end products that require continuous miniaturization, such as wearable products, headphones, and pad, may be imported into the slp mainboard. According to Yole, the global market size of slp will grow at a combined annual growth rate of 64% between 2017 and 2023, reaching $2.24 billion by 2023.
(ii) In the post-Moor era, slp can be used mainly in the manufacture of the traditional pcb, which produces a pcb-line layer with side erosion, which is seen as a side erosion of the naked copper layer in the process of bottom etching at the same time, with the side corrosion being stretched based on the subtraction method
The process ' s pcb product detail (i.e. a reduction in the line spacing) is difficult to achieve with the process ' s hdi board which has a line width of less than 40 μm, while the ic board used for chip encapsulating is usually used in the add-up (sap) or semi-encumber (msap) process, where the line width can be fined to up to 10 μm.
Pcb or hdi's preparation allows a vacuum belt of “20 μm ~ 40 μm” in physical dimensions to be pierced, and therefore is derived from slp.
Unleashing space and resolving the internal space shortage of smartphones is what is meant by slp, but it should not be understood as merely going on here, but rather as its role in the advanced mooring process of the post-Moor era.
Continuing to push Moore's law into the process by reducing the feature size of the transistor, the geometry of the process, the crystal circle, and even the electronics industry as a whole, has had to reflect on the direction of the post-Moor era.
In the post-Moor era, the layout of the entire electronics chain may be recreated in a late-moorization process. The traditional electronics manufacturing chain includes three links: “ic manufacturing-ic encapsulation-smt.” Unlike the crystal circle process, the pcb (hdi) used in the smt chain is hardly the same as the ic plate used in the encapsulation chain.
The rule of law drives its evolution and how to narrow the mismatch between the nudity crystal and the line width of pcb is a challenge that the post-Moorian era will have to address, which may lead to significant changes in market patterns in the “wider pcb” (r-pcb, fpc, hdi, slp and ic boards, etc.).
For example, the infowlp seal of 16nm, which directs most or all of the sealing procedures to the crystal circle, is then cut to a single component, thus moving away from reliance on the ic plate, achieving a smaller encapsulation size, and integrating it into the manufacture of ic from the point of view of the industrial chain. With the number of i/o mouths, it follows.
As growth continues, the distance between tin balls will be further reduced, so that pcb or hdi used in the smt chain may be replaced by synthesic plates.
At the technical level, for manufacturing enterprises, it takes a long time to build up from a less refined production process to a higher-precision process, and in many cases to become an insurmountable one.
Slp players are mainly hdi enterprises that have deployed saps or msap processes (which can also be understood as having the capacity to produce the ic board), and it is clear that businesses with corresponding customer reserves are more likely to make breakthroughs because of the fact that slp is currently used mainly in the consumer electronic terminal area.
For example, in this case, the production of the slp is mainly in the subsidiary 'Magnano', and before the reorganization, there was a subsidiary under the banner dedicated to carrying the ic board - Kei Dynasty (reconfigured, removed from the flag), although it cannot simply be summarized as "Magnano".
This is also one of the main reasons why the dots can quickly take orders from a client, slp, and such fine processing capabilities are expected to be an important engine for the company’s long-term development. In addition to the dots, tttm, Otis, Hing, viewing, and three-star electrons have both the process and the client.
It is also logical that basic firms enter the slp, and that the subsequent upswing in good production lines is more a test of the company’s understanding of technology and process, and that domestic pcb enterprises (e.g. Seng Seng Seng Seng and Deep South) that already have the capacity to build the ic board (e.g., Seng Seng Seng Seng) have not yet entered the slp track due to weak consumer electronic customer reserves.
In the future, however, such enterprises are expected to participate quickly if the application of slp is expanded. For traditional pcb manufacturers that do not yet have sap or msap, entry to slp will require time for process learning and digestion in addition to the larger capital costs that they will face, so that these are already in a technological reserve.
Businesses have clearly taken the lead in the next two to three market competitions. The firm’s current slp production line has been relatively stable, with Slp accounting for about 5% of its revenue in 2018.
The company’s projects, which were built through the ipo, include the “Bomble Production of high-level hdi circuit boards,” which were built through the Penang Consumption: an advanced process to help the peng fly for nine days.
A description of the linear width (30 μm/30 μm) and the way in which the high-level hdi product is prepared (an improved semi-accumulation process) can be judged by the fact that the high-level hdi is an approximation or equivalent of the slp concept, and that the company expands its capacity when it has a stable production line and has a better return, both to boost the company ' s future business.
elasticity, which further strengthens technological excellence in the field of slp. Thanks to a deep technological build-up, companies are the main suppliers of fpc and slp to important international clients, and the value and use of fpc and slp's single machine in mobile phones is still increasing, while the value and use of important international customers are still increasing.
The demonstration effect will double the company’s ability to develop front-line brand manufacturers in the country. For example, domestic brands that are now constrained by cost constraints and slow in fpc and slp are driven by the demand for intra-phone integration, and are beginning to increase fpc usage and introduce slp, and the company’s position is expected to lead to further performance.
The corresponding amounts of p34.78, 29.93 and 26.09 times take into account the company ' s technological lead in the fpc and slp fields (1)a the value of the fpc single machine in the client product has not increased as much as expected; (2) the import of slp by front-line domestic brand manufacturers has not progressed as expected;
(iii) The company ' s ipo project is not progressing as expected.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.