Food beverages, super-high-end and troupe-buying, with a strong view of the future, the Southwest Securities Research and Development Center.
The goal of double-digit growth remained unchanged throughout the year, with 14.5 high-quality development defined. Management identified 21-year double-digit growth, with a long-term target of more than half a year in the second quarter, and sought to exceed the year-wide target. 14-5 set, high-quality development with a strong 511 development goal, i.e. strong corporate 500, liquor owner sales.
In terms of production capacity, 145,000 tons of original alcohol were added, and the original wine storage capacity was exceeded by 1 million tons; in addition, through technological, managerial and theoretical innovations, progress was made in improving the quality of alcohol; and a two-wheel drive guaranteed high-quality alcohol production, leading to the development of a new five-food fluid.
The brands are steady upwards, and the classic five-food fluids are above expectations. The five-food masters have a strong “1+3” product system, with the eight-dip-5 investment in the 1455 period and the consolidation of the 1,000-dollar price belt as an absolute leader; and the classic five, with good feedback from the market during the marketing and trial phase, began full distribution to the channel in June 21 and increased.
In addition, the classic 30/50 development is nearing completion, with a variety of product specifications and product matrices becoming clearer. The classic five-food fluids are super-high, and will be significantly elevated to the five-food fluids brand, and will be priced at the P5 level.
In the wine series, the company will continue to be lean, low-end sku, combing channels for profit distribution, and promoting product focus and value return. To improve market performance, the distribution of channels will increase.
In addition, this year, emphasis will be placed on creating high-lying and priority markets, creating a marketing system, and enhancing the climate and consumer service capabilities. In the area of group purchasing, the company’s head office has created a department of group purchasing.
The major war zones buy-outs have matured, with 300 teams specializing in group purchasing; 20 per cent coverage, 90 per cent buy-back rates, halfway through the overall level of progress in group purchasing, some of the battle zones have been completed ahead of schedule, and further reforms have released momentum and a strong vision of future development.
In the future, a variety of medium- and long-term incentives, including new equity incentives, overprofit sharing and so on, will be put in place to fully motivate management and staff; change effectiveness will result in a fully compressed corporate management level growth (2021-04-28)
Profit predictions and investment proposals. Class Five Liquids Planning and Merit Acquisition Super-expected Market, Fourteen-Fifty-Five Wine Industry Steady Growth (2020-10-31) Billions of Dollars in Main Industries are clearly planned and Corporate Management and Informatization Systems are moving forward and will be significantly upgraded.
3. Five grains fluids (000858): Price increases and improvements in operational capacity No direct or indirect compensation will be obtained either for no reason or for no reason, nor for any specific recommendation or opinion in this report Southwest Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.