Five grain fluids, push for the classic five grain fluids, focus on the group buying business event: we took part in a live meeting of the five grain fluid shareholders of the Panorama Network.
Classic five-food fluids bring in an increase in the share of the group, and we judge that the performance of the two quarters is growing faster. (1) Shareholders will express their confidence in the company’s performance. The company’s shareholders will say that the market, channels, brands, and products are initially well-directed, well-structured.
The stockholders’ meeting took stock, and, as a matter of fact, the five-quarter food groups and stock companies both achieved the same two-digit increase in the number of major targets achieved during the first quarter, striving to exceed their established mandates throughout the year.
The liquid task is better done. (3) Because of the better expansion of the group purchasing business, we judge that the company will give priority to the demand of the group ' s clients, and that the ratio of product to product to product to product to product of higher prices in the second quarter will increase significantly, leading to a clear upturn in the overall product, while the company will go.
The company said at the stockholders’ meeting that it was a classic five-food product as a strategic single item, and the company had completed its five-food product in May.
A summary of the work done in the marketing and pre-test sales phases, which was completed in early June with a special session on the future of the classic five grain fluids. In our view, the probability of success of the classic five is high, for a reason: (1) the classic five is mainly a group purchase model, and companies have been able to do so from 2017 to the present.
The force has been constantly evolving, and a lot of basic work has been done. At this stage, the group purchasing system has been well developed, and the quality of the meetings has improved enough to support new high-end product promotions. (2) Pow price continues to move up, and the market environment has been better. At this stage, the bulk price has been $2,700-2800, around $51,000, Maotai.
A large price gap has been created between the five grain fluids, leaving enough room for a new upgrade of the five grain fluids to focus on group purchasing operations, better mission completion, teams closer to consumers, and expected future group purchasing ratios to continue to rise. According to shareholder meetings, the company established a group purchasing department this year.
300 people, with 20% coverage in large enterprises. Last year, 600 direct services were established, and the rate of repurchases increased significantly. According to data, this year ' s rate of business repurchases reached 90%.
The missions have completed their mission objectives throughout the year. As the company team completes its transition to the end, moving further from the market, the team expands and the strength of the force increases, and in the long run we judge that the acquisition ratio will move closer to the traditional channel.
Upgraded, done a lot of basic work, pushed the classic five-channel fluids, and focused on the grouping business.
The pipeline stock is over-expected, the price of the huts fluctuates.
Sino-Chinese International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business Food beverages: beverage manufacturing