The 14th Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Eight-A-Quarterly Report, 2021, a 14.37 per cent increase over the same year, resulting in a $19,955 million net profit attributable to the parent company, a year-on-a-year increase.
By 2020, the distribution model generated $45,380 million, which is the same growth as the Oyang Woo Sword.
Retail outlets are developed. In terms of volume, the volume of liquid sales is 2,8139 tons, an increase of 5.28 per cent in the same year, the unit price, the cosmos, an increase of 15.10 per cent in the same year.
Heyuhang@cczq.com, four large national monoliths, which promote product structural and brand upgrades. Five-fried liquid products and departments: 84.95 per cent and 55.68 per cent respectively, representing an increase of 0.22 per cent and 0.02 per cent, respectively, over the same period last year.
Quitting points, benefiting from a steady increase in product structure, and a sustained increase in the profitability of high-priced alcohol.
In terms of costs, the rate fell by 0.72 percentage points to 11.92 per cent over the same period, with sales costs on the 15th floor of the Central China International Centre (CIAC) and the 1,000th highest in Shanghai, China and China.
The sales net interest rate increased by 0.11 percentage points on the same basis. Fortune 6 in Shenzhen Fukuda + other current liabilities of $9,736 million, a decline of $2,795 million from the same year.
The Chengdu China Free Trade Experiment, which was 36.41 per cent lower than the previous year, was mainly the result of a partial return on sales made at the end of the previous year and the payment of money in the city's high-rise highway.
The combined effect of factors such as the increase in tax revenues in the 17th Central China Sea International Centre, 17th, was the result of a steady growth in performance with a high-quality opening in the first quarter of 2021.
Percentage points, mainly due to the increase in income from the product restructuring series and the adjustment of transport costs to this level. The cost-related rate fell by 0.88 percentage points to 9.29 per cent over the quarter of the year, of which the annual performance award was awarded on a one-time basis, as well as a phased reduction in the company’s social insurance premiums from February last year.
On the cash flow side, the net cash flow generated by operating activities in the first quarter of 2021 was $5,505 million, an increase of $6,707 million, of which the return on sales was $21,066 million.
The brand has a strong edge, and the goal of double-digit growth is expected to be achieved steadily throughout the year. The current price of the five grains is stable at around $990 per bottle, the inventory is generally around 2-4 weeks, the overall delivery rate is about 60 per cent, some distributors are starting to make off-the-shelf payments at about 10 per cent, and the plan is about 10 per cent.
In the long run, the company will achieve high-quality development with the potential of a high-end liquor market, with a high-end production capacity of 400,000 tons.
Maintain the company’s “additional” rating method, using legally compliant information, and produce the report independently and objectively.
The company is not a customer for whom it receives this report, it is not a client for whom it has no direct business agreement, and it does not have proper responsibilities. This report is a confidential material of the company, and if a non-client receives this report, please return it and delete it in a timely manner and keep it confidential until it is publicly disclosed or with the consent of the company.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, the financial situation and the specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.