"135" successful winding-up, 2101 with a good start - Five Foods and Liquids (000858) 2020 and one-quarter review 2021
In the first quarter of 2021, the Department achieved business income of $24,325 million, or 20.19 per cent, and net profit of $9,324 million, or 21.02 per cent.
In 2020, the company achieved revenue of 57,321 million yuan, or +14.37 per cent, equivalent to 20q4 revenues of 148.28 billion yuan. In the same calibre, the product of the five grains achieved income of 44,061 million yuan, or +13.92 per cent, and the bottle of wine generated revenue of 8,373 million yuan.
Quantities, +9.81%. Thanks to the continued upswing in the year of low-price prices, it is clear that the demand for the five-food fluids is being overflowed; series of alcohol operating-level companies continue to exercise optimal control, and the expected growth is mainly due to price contributions.
20q1 achieved revenue of $24,325 million, compared to 20.19 per cent in the year, with a sharp increase in the speed of the income ring, mainly benefiting from the sound control of the domestic epidemic, and a strong recovery in industry demand; and a strict open-boxing policy at the terminal, which led to a more pronounced spill of high-end white wine demand. On this favourable basis, 21q1,500 grains were priced and stocked.
For better repair, the bulk price base has stabilized at 1,000 yuan, and stock levels have reached lower levels in recent years. Profit levels have remained largely robust. Cost lines: (2) Firms have been gradually reduced against a good external background of open-boxing, high-end demand for white wine.
Cost investment. 21o1 net interest rate of 40.22%, year-on-year +0.39ppt. Take the 14th Five-Fifteen, focus on corporate branding and group purchasing, looking ahead to 2021, and we think it is important to focus on corporate initiatives in the two main directions of branding and group purchasing.
The fundamental driving force behind the growth in food and fluid performance and price increases in 2020 is the rigid quality of products and strong brand power, and the company plans to take stock of the data points: steady operations throughout the year, the "135" round.
The branding component combines a combination of "free land" and values first-line employee's brand recognition and ability to tell five-fried stories, and at the same time continuously upgrades the brand at the end of the product through the classic five-fried series of products with super-high-end pricing belts.
The "13th Five" evaluation report (000858) looks like the "Thirteen Five." The "Five Five" purchase business is the cornerstone of wholesale price control, the creation of the Community of Vendors and the long-term development of the company.
A number of strategic decisions emphasizing the non-replenishment of traditional channels and the acquisition of extra-coupled products, together with the company ' s ability to continuously improve its profits in order to create the fate of the manufacturer, have been highlighted on several occasions, and long-term relationships with the enterprise ' s acquisition clients have also been conducive to product price control, consumer development and import of ultra-high-end products, more so through operations with large enterprise clients.
Multipe (coherent expectation, arithmetic) and maintenance of a “recommended” rating. The epidemic and the economic downturn drag demand, price failure, food safety, etc.
In 2011, he entered the securities industry and is now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Civil Securities. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, as awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, and the data used to ensure reporting are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,