Day-to-day consumption of food, beverages and tobacco, five grain fluids: opening the door brightly, branding can release
On the basis of the +20% net profit return of $9.32 billion (+21%), the q1 income profit growth schedule of last year is now better than the year, this year’s quarterly report has achieved a very good opening line. Billion dollars, or +14.4%, of which, in 2020q4 battalions, $14.83 billion (+13.9%) was collected.
Compared to the 7.1 pct increase, the development of demand for firm-level purchases has been particularly effective in the last year. The price of wine in the series has increased by two digits, depending on the volume of wine.
Yuen Yuen is over-expected, with a strong sense of finality, with a direct sales ratio of 1-2 points, and a series of liquor products selling 132,000 tons, 5 grain fluids (000858).
63,000 yuan per ton (4.6%) (+15.1%). The volume of alcohol sales has decreased, the price of tons has been raised, and the rules for dealing with them have been put in place.
Four large national single products promote product structural and brand upgrades. In terms of capacity, 2020, 5 grain fluids (000858).
In response to the epidemic, the year-round growth target remains unchanged.
The main building works have been completed in the liquor kitchen and mill automation projects; the liquor design centre, the enterprise technology centre and the pre-plant planning renovations have been fully launched; the advance payments are at a higher level than anticipated in the year of payment; the contract liability for 2020 is higher.
At the end of the year, the distributors were active in the use of pre-collections for the season’s sales. The grass-roots feedback was that the demand was strong this spring, the repayment rate was higher than in the same period of the historical year, and companies had been able to achieve precision scientific investment in marketing digital management, and spring investment had increased by almost 27%, compared to the same year.
In return, 62.6 billion dollars were sold back in 2020, almost the same as last year. 2021q1 was sold back.
21.7 billion, an increase of 66 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the expansion of operations and the transfer of bank notes to -0.22 pct, mainly due to adjustments in accounting standards, transportation costs are charged to the cost of sales, gross, and channel efficiency is optimized and brand values are released.
The fundamental driving forces of price upswings are the rigid quality of products, strong brand power and the opportunity for companies to further optimize the channel structure, develop channels for sourcing, develop an opinion leader and a drinking atmosphere, systematically tap into new demands, build up corporate brands and increase brand value.
We believe that behind this spring’s impressive sales and flat batch prices is the increase in consumer approval of the five grains at the price belt, which is a reflection of brand power release. Accelerating the development group’s procurement channels and reaping high-end track dividends this year, according to the company’s price growth path.
One is that traditional channels are not increasing, while at the same time accelerating the development of channels such as group purchasing, new retailing and so forth, continuing to consolidate opinion leaders and consumer circles on the basis of 2020, improving the security of services and food supplies acquired by the group, improving the system of high-end alcohol products, and meeting the needs of high-end consumers for the future.
B. High net population expansion + consumer upgrading + investment enhancement, resulting in high-end white wine and industry expansion with a strong degree of certainty. In addition, the company has introduced a small five grains to fill the sub-high-end product void. Overall, the company will be able to buy through the development consortium, product layout, and hold.
We continue to enjoy the high-end track dividend, which is expected to rise in volume, increase in volume, and fully return the value of the five-food liquid brand. We look forward to the new weather brought by the company’s “second-time start-up.”
Five, the company's white wine sword is more than 100 billion dollars, it's more than double-digit growth in compound years, and it's clearly targeted to start a new round of high-quality development based on steady progress. We have a reasonable estimate of the price, which is higher than the sales contribution. This year, we also announced an increase in the price of orders from the group to 999.
In the second half of 2021, the company's business goal was to make a real difference: open the door, make a brand name, raise its gross operating income by two figures, and continue to maintain the average level of excellence of the industry's backbone.
Development speed to ensure that enterprise development operates in reasonable areas of sound and sustainable growth.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report