Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) Annual report of five grains, yielding 57.32 billion yuan in 2020, yoy+14.4 per cent
The net profit of the mother is 19.960 billion yuan, while yoy + 14.7 per cent is as expected. In 2020, the Māori rate was 74.16 per cent, with a decrease of 0.3 pct, mainly due to sale-related freight costs being recognized at cost.
The company simultaneously published a quarterly report, which in 2021 generated 24.33 billion yuan in q1, an increase of 20.2 per cent, a net return profit of $9.32 billion, an increase of 21.0 per cent, and a 1450 opening line that was expected.
The net cash flow of $5.51 billion was a significant improvement from the $1.2 billion that had been released during the same period last year, and the cash flow into sales was $21,065 million, or 66,04 per cent; the q1 Māori ratio was 76.43 per cent, or 0.1 pct, and the sales/management cost rate was 1.4 pc/0.4 pcd, respectively.
Since 2021, the liquor store claims have been extraordinary, with only a modest increase in sales year-round, and an even more important increase in average prices. The five batches have been tested for release during the spring season, followed by lower-season approvals.
The essence of the steady upturn is the optimal supply and demand structure of the market, the supply side: the manufacturer borrows the outbreak aid channel into the operation of the low stock, the supply of which is relatively limited; and the demand side: the open market.
In March, the distributor was asked to pay $949 for the New Year’s anniversary.
Liquor quotas, disguised increases; 2) quotas owed in future plans or no return to distributors.
• The classic five-food fluids are steadily moving forward, and the product matrix is improving. The classic five-food fluids are offered at a price of $1499, requiring a real group purchase price of at least $2,600, followed by a series of classic 30 and 50 products, modelled on the tea year, from the point of view of product strategy.
A price system is created at the super-high end of the market through the classic five-food fluids, thereby increasing the price of the five-food fluids by 1.5 grain fluids (000858).
With $600 plus sub-high-end products, and further refinement of the product matrix, the local levelers are now focusing on group purchasing, which has not yet been released. The wine factory recovers a series of wine brands, and the price increases contribute to net revenue.
The increase is expected to contribute about $1 billion in net revenue, based on a 70% increase over the original price of the plant. q15,000 grains grew steadily in 2021, and the current situation is that the price is still very high, so the price is still very high.
The margin of profit will continue, and the price of the five grains will rise. We believe that the demand for the five grains below the roof returns; the price of the five batches, the profit from the channel, the profit from the end, is less than expected; the expansion of the classic five grains is less than expected; the process of landing the channel reform is less than expected.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.