Five grains of liquid (000858) Critical event quick review Chen Qingqing
Lee Irene, with a high-end and a thousand dollar price with an expansion dividend; 4) investment proposal: firm prices are growing at a steady pace, group purchasing channels are growing steadily, and year-round performance is growing steadily. Targets and path planning are clear, major brands and series upgrades are moving steadily, and group purchasing as a whole is performing well.
In recent days, at the Shareholders Meeting in 2020, the company presented a detailed account of this year's focus and progress, and we summarized the following points: 1) In the main brand, the “1+3” product system has remained unchanged and the classic five-food fluids have developed well. The company's feedback has been completed in almost two months with a test summary and a comprehensive layout of the classic five-food fluids, which will be followed by a three-pronged focus on channel development, consumer identification, and climate creation.
In addition, the development of classic 30 and 50 products is now nearing completion, while the product specifications of classic 10 are supplemented. XIV. The plan for the distribution of the classic 5-food fluids at the end of the five-year period is over 10,000 tons. 2) In the wine series, the focus is on four monoliths to optimize product upgrading and optimize income structure and profitability.
The company has indicated that this year’s series of liquor companies will meet the revenue targets set by the stock company, with an income of US$ 10,45 billion. 3) On the channel side, the channel system is being further improved, and profits and profits from businesses are continuously being raised. The grouping is now doing well, with 6,000 group buying units established last year, with a 20% coverage rate for large enterprises, and the repurchase rate rising significantly to 90% this year. At the same time, it is hoped that this year’s share of sales will reach 30%.
At this level, we are now halfway across the board, with the completion of the task of good field acquisition, which will be complemented in the second half of the year by a more detailed effort to achieve high-quality objectives. The distributors plan to deliver more goods out of the field, with a better price ring, while the channels provide feedback on the recent restructuring of the Chengdu regional distribution system, with most of the former operators turning to group acquisition.
Businesses are now expected to increase prices further by five batches. With more sophisticated corporate channels, it is not so much a problem to expect that the price of the five grains will be fully stabilized this year, and it is expected to continue to rise as the price of the pots stabilizes. Currently, the overall distribution rate is about 65%, with delivery at over 55%. The company feedback is now on track to meet the goal of “half-time” (half-time-time) over 21 years of excess double-digit revenue growth.
In the medium-to-long term, the reform dividend is released, and the built-in strength of the boosters increases the company’s ability to enjoy high-end liquor and 1,000-dollar price band expansion dividends. In the medium-to-long term, the company’s 1455 planning and growth path is clear, in order to stabilize, achieve steady progress, and strive to increase its share of high-quality markets.
In absolute leadership, companies are expected to continue to share in the growth of the high-end liquor industry over the next few years, based on the full advantage of brands, products, and channels, and may be the biggest beneficiaries of the expansion of the 1,000-dollar price belt. In the long run, companies, as strong trophies, have autonomous pricing and price-raising powers, and as brands continue to rise, the future will not be limited to the 1,000-dollar belt, and will continue to achieve a larger price breakthrough, leading to a sustained and stable growth of the company over the long term.
▪ Investment proposals: corporate brands continue upwards, business continues to be good, growth and certainty, and “buy-in” ratings are maintained In the short term, firm growth in corporate volume is steady, group purchasing channels are steady and year-round performance is sustainable; in the medium and long term, intra-firm capacity is gradually strengthened to enable companies to continue sharing the dividends of the high-end liquor industry and the rapid expansion of the 1,000-dollar belt. We maintain the previous profit forecast, which is expected to generate business revenues in 2021-2023.
Macroeconomic risk; inadequate demand for high-end alcohol; less than expected price increases. Schedule: Financial Forecasts and Valuations. Annual Report -- 000858-2020 and First Quarterly Review 2021: Performance of 21q1 will continue to grow steadily, with a year-round stock running.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels and that the logic of analysis is based on his professional understanding, seeking objectivity and fairness by reasoning his judgement and drawing conclusions