On 19 March, the company issued an announcement that it intended to use its own funds of $100-200 million to repurchase shares in a centralized bid, with a maximum purchase price of $120 per share to implement an employee holding scheme or equity incentive.
The share plan (draft) includes a total of two issues for 2021, corresponding to the company ' s 7th and 8th employee holding plans. Repurchase of shares for employee holding plans or incentives at $100-200 million to demonstrate management confidence
Between 1.67 million shares, or 0.04 per cent to 0.09 per cent of the company’s current total equity, have been highlighted by management confidence from the consideration of the company’s board of directors through a no-reduction plan for the current month.
The company announced a draft Stakeholder Plan for 2021, which includes No. 7 and No. 8. Of these, no more than 750 Stakeholder Scheme participants, including a total of 10 senior directors, with a total funding ceiling of $140 million, calculated at a price of $82.40 per share on 19 March, and Stakeholder Plan No. 7, which can be purchased and held.
The sum of some of the target stocks was about 1,69.9 million shares, accounting for the company's active expansion of capacity as at the date of the plan's publication, and the operations went hand-in-hand: the company issued announcements on 19 February and 11 March, respectively, to build lithium ion batteries in Hyeju.
The total investment in the two phases does not exceed $4.9 billion. The company has an lfp capacity of 6gwh, which is expected to reach its full capacity in 2021, and an effective capacity of 20gwhh by 2022. Previously, the company ' s lfp clients were concentrated in other power sectors such as commercial cars, storage, electric ships, and this expansion was in the area of passenger cars, which will accelerate the response with lithium.
Combination: The company issued an announcement on 19 February that it would build a Xhev battery system (phase I) with a total investment not to exceed the capacity released from the start. 48v system effectively reduced carbon emissions, the penetration rate of overseas mainframe plants rose rapidly, and the company first took over the research assistant, Li Kyung-po.
Other operational aspects, triple-dollar packages: we expect the company to deliver 8gwhh in 2021, mainly to customers such as Daimler, the present generation and the small porcelain: three-dollar cylinders: the company has an effective capacity of 500 million, will expand to 800 million in the first half of next year, downstream power tools, two wheels are in high demand, and it is expected to maintain a high yield utilization rate: small lithium ion batteries: tws, tws,
Pe(ttm), considering that the company is Lithium Batteries Ltd., the business has gone hand-in-hand, actively expanding production capacity, reaching out to customers, covering for the first time and giving a “recommended” rating. New energy vehicle sales have fallen short of expectations; e-smoking industry policy risks; raw material price volatility risks; buy-back programmes; and employees
The company ' s financial statement data forecast aggregates securities, Dong Wu securities, and Hwang securities, which were added to the civil securities in August 2020.
Li Kingbo, who has five years of experience in the automobile industry at Shanghai University of Transport, joined the civil securities industry in February 2021 and is mainly responsible for research on the new energy and vehicle industry chain. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,