Event: The company plans to make its own investment in the "Lithium ion power cell project (phase 2)"
With a total investment of no more than $3.9 billion and a construction period of no more than 18 months, the target period: 12 months.
The company is entering the rapid expansion of power cell capacity, with a total proposed investment of $4.9 billion in two phase of a rectangular car-car project in Huezhou, which is expected to produce more than 20gwh, plus the current and planned capacity of a billion latitudes, and is expected to produce 32gwh steel-shaped lithium in 2023.
Reflecting the company’s grasp of the trend of lithium, it also sees a shift in the production expansion strategy based on its current market, customer, technology market value (millions of dollars):
A rapid scale up, especially in Tesla, Peng, Biadi, upper steam, high-end high-end vehicles, iron and lithium in passenger vehicles, and a steady break in market capacity, and a light mix of domestic layout systems are expected in 2025, power cell operations are on the bright side.
In February, the company announced its intention to invest $2.6 billion in the construction of the Xhev Battery System Project (phase I), including 12v and 48v battery systems. Following the BMW 48v order in October 2020, the company obtained a fixed site for Jlr's 20ahmhevbatty project in February.
The international competitiveness of companies in innovation and manufacturing is expected to continue to import major current customers in the area of low-voltage batteries in vehicles, which is another source of growth in the power sector.
With regard to the three-dollar package, the current capacity of 10 gwh at the 100 million latitudes is mainly directed towards Daimler, Pelican, the restoration of profitability, and Smol ' s continued overperformance, 2020.10.29 Modern Keia, among others, is expected to maintain a high level of capacity utilization throughout the year.
The company's operations go hand-in-hand, growing steadily throughout the year.
With revenues of about $1.8 billion, it is expected to double in 21 years as the power tools and the two wheels continue to explode. Smaur continues to make a substantial investment gain, while the foreign customer pmta is expected to continue to grow up and corporate technology is expected to do so as domestic brand customers continue to expand.
The advantage of scale is expected to be further demonstrated in profitability, with new energy vehicles selling less than expected and raw materials rising more than expected.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report were based on compliance channels, analytical logic based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly reflects my research views and makes reasonable judgements that lead to conclusions that are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, S.I.S.S.C. has the qualifications for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.C.C.
A basic form of enquiry is the value of securities and securities-related products, market trends or related effects of securities companies, portfolio investment advisory bodies, etc.