Ali created or became the second largest shareholder, multi-operational synergy.
The transfer price is at the rate of US$ 66.23 per share, and only one company in Hangzhou, with limited entrepreneurial investment as of the deadline for public calls, intends to submit applications in an effective form. We believe that if the company succeeds in introducing Ali's creative investment as a strategic investor, it will, on the one hand, help the company to work more cooperatively with and enhance the quality of its content.
On the other hand, it is in the interest of the company to build on the advantage of the supply chain of the Alibaba electric power provider, to drive forward the “Manders” industry and the company's content power vendor strategy and to upgrade its liquidity, and its performance is expected to continue to grow at a high rate. We maintain the previous profitability projections, with the company forecasting its net return to the mother in 2020/2022, respectively.
• Construction of self-contained barriers to content, or enhancement of the model of co-operation with excellent and cool broadcasting, and expansion of the Platform Protector Rivers' earlier announcement to raise additional funds, mainly to expand the content resource base for Internet exclusive copyright purchases for six S-class cinemas, 11 (customized) a-level movie shows, 18 (s)-level polytechnics, and some
In addition, the successful introduction of Ali’s initiative, at the content level, would facilitate the Department’s enhanced strategic cooperation with excellence, based on both sides’ efforts to love you so much as the 3,000 Dragons killed.
(b) At the user level, mangotv or its comparative advantage in the field of content such as suspense, film, motion, etc., to break down the user structure, which is dominated by young women; and at the membership level, mangotv or, hopefully, to join the gang.
The "88vip" membership matrix, based on Ali's product flow, further expands its membership.
The company's efforts to create a "Little Man" vertical power provider based on long video content, and if it succeeds in introducing Ali's initiative, one party has significantly increased its performance and the new track has expanded its growth space - face-to-face, helping the company to explore the way in which content power providers operate, the powerful Al's brander and head anchoring resources.
On the other hand, the company is expected to use the powerful power supplier supply chain in Alibaba to reduce pre-investments and reduce the operation of the corporate update report - the conglomerate advantage.
Risks, more focused on the content areas in which they are good at, and synergies with Ali's power suppliers' business.
Impacts, such as macroeconomics, or volatility; uncertainty about Ali’s ability to create an investment as a final recipient.