ul urities Centre for Upgrade and Recreational Studies
The monsoon network is working hard, Mango super-media is building new growth points. Mango super-media released a performance report for the first three quarters of 20 years ago, which shows that Mango super-media returned to the first three quarters of 2020 with a net profit of 1,612 million yuan, an increase of 65.39 per cent, and q3 with a net profit of 510 million yuan, an increase of the same value.
The "Monsoon" network is linked to help Mangotv break through the user group: Mango has launched the "Monsoon" program, which includes both theatres and polysynthetics, which will be broadcast simultaneously on two platforms.
After the "Sister" explosion, the next stop is "the video is resonant with the audience and has wider user coverage." In addition, the simultaneous broadcast of the "Monsoon Plan" on two platforms has the advantage of absorbing the diverse audiences of the Hunan Guard, broadening its user base and increasing its membership.
(a) Deployment of the electric market track and creation of a new performance growth point: Mango launched the “Master Trader” and created the “Cut-in-Commerce 2. Member Business Acceleration, q1 Performance Advances 1st Platform”. (i) From the user point of view, the main user group of Mangotv is currently young female users, and
"A high rate of growth in membership, sustained penetration of content, and a better match between the platform's audience and the core consumer population, we expect a higher rate of transformation of users into electricity providers." 2) From the model, the "Small Mans" will be driven by the content of Mangotv blasts.
Motivating, linking the electric business with its visual, polythenic, is intended to form a closed circle of “people + content + goods” and “grab + pull 4. Quality content growth, 2019 performance forecast”, and we expect the electric power provider to be a new growth point for profit.
50% of the profits, followed by "In the Name of the Family " , " Dear Self" , drive members to raise their incomes. q4 " Daughters in Love 3 " , "Dance Storm 2 " , and so forth, are expected to contribute to the growth of the members. Mangotv's solo love show and homemade art business are more mature and will continue in the future.
The Mango has opened up the electric business, and we believe that its content + the ITU model is expected to be the next growth.
Xiaofeng Yang performed less than expected; membership grew less than expected; and industry policy risks.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment