Mango supermedia (300413.sz) Reason for reporting: Performance Bulletin: 3-quarterly report overperformance, validation of content production head strength
On 30 October 2020, the company released its three-quarter performance on 30 October. During the reporting period, it achieved operating income of 9,471 million yuan, an increase of 15.05 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of 1,612 million yuan attributable to shareholders in listed companies, an increase over the same period.
q3 performed better than expected and the increase in the Māori rate resulted in a significant increase in profits. 1) In a single quarter, the 20q3 Department achieved operating income of $3.697 billion, an increase of 35.53 per cent over the same period, 21.35 per cent over the ring, and 4.57 per cent, or 1.41 per cent, in net repatriation. 4) Net cash flow from corporate operations in the first three quarters of 2020 was $361 million.
1) During the first three quarters of 2020, companies continued to harness the advantages of self-generated polyclimatic innovation and accelerated the ecological development of the episode, leading to a double increase in the advertising of the platform and the income of its members. Easier data show that the size of Mango tvmau reached 14,066,000 in September.
On the other hand, the q3 online networks and online dramas are popular, with Ye Eun's data showing " In the Name of the Family " .
In September, they all went to the top 2 and in September, "I like you so much " , " I like you so much " , " I like you so much " , " The moment of heart " , " The q3 " , " The cyborg " , " Hot " , " Top 10 " . 3) In the case of ecclesiastical arts, the company has a strong headline, "Q3 " , "Big Brother Full of Dollars " , and six TVs, "Top 10 " , and so on, "Top 10 " .
First of all, "The Sister of the Wind" and "Mother of the Secret Room" and "Mommy of the House" and "Mother of the House" are all cyborg webnets with a hot top 10.q4 follow-up packages are rich, 21 years have been the year of the "Monsoon Plan".
I've got a special communication technique for you, and I've got a special communication technique for you, and I'm looking forward to going up to Mango at 69 West Street, Taiwon City, 28th floor of ITC.
tv. On the art side, in addition to the already-lined "Hey, good figure 2" "Diary 2" "Daughter's Love 3" Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd., the "Sister's Fairy" derivative, "Sister's Love" will be on the line today. 2) October 18th, at the company.
During the Young Meng Xinx Conference, more than 70 films were produced, including 60 home-made plays, including the Startup Line, the Resting Food, the Incompatible Sensitivity, and 21 years of Mangotv's "Monsoon Plan" , and a network of weekly theatres, with 10 short seasons broadcast around short play lanes, which have been published.
Five films, their bracelets and so on, covering anti-hunting, suspense, urban light comedy, campus, and so on, are expected to become the platform’s new theatre brand in terms of identity and differentiation. Mangotv will have more than 50 stocks for 21 years in the overall arts, and q1 is expected to be on the q1.
Mom 2, The Heart of Pop-and-Push, Knock on the Boss's Gate. In addition to the return of the original N-Day show, the new arts will be on the line for "The Young Man of the Hot Blood" and "Let's try" and "Help me comedians."
It is expected that 500 million dollars will be spent on the Mangotv Smart Audio-Visual Service platform, which will further strengthen the Division’s content. Keeping in view the core competitiveness of the content of the company, ecological layouts, such as the Small Man Powerer, are expected to take a step forward in taking advantage of the company’s industrial chain and digging vertical user values.
There is a risk that the membership will not grow as expected, that visual and artistic production will not progress as expected, and that advertising demand will decline, and that the industry attitude will produce this report independently and objectively. This report will clearly and accurately reflect my research views. I will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for not having, for not having done so, nor for having done so, nor for having done so, as a result of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.
The information available in the course of the profession and practice serves the self-interest of the individual or of another person.