The three-quarters performance is forecast to increase by 150-208 per cent, and the mango monsoons contribute to the ecological expansion of the content of the mango super-magnets, which are forecasted in the third quarter of 2020, such popular entertainment as "Sisters in the Wind" and "Dear Self" in the name of the family.
According to Mango Award, Sisters on Wave 2 will be on the line in 2021 q1 and the programme will be upgraded from three panels: speech rights, arenas, reality shows; and q3 on the line in 2021 Q3 – Bros with thorns – will dig deep into middle-aged masculinity.
On the morning of October 14, the 8th Chinese Cyber Audio-Visual Congress, Mangotv: Moving to the Main Front, Taking the New Track, summarized the four-pronged logic of Mangotv's success: building relatively closed industrial production.
At the lowest/highest in a year, systems are built to create an indestructible intelligence center, open and win-win cooperative systems, and business models are set up. We value corporate innovation, excellence, open, win-win content production strategies.
• The strategic forward-looking layout of electric power providers and off-line entertainment, the Mango Group's Monument Brigade Business Ecology Company, the monsoon Project, which created the country's first network-connected weekly drama, as well as the creation of a small-man electric company based on long video, which took over the new track, and the upgrading of the Mango Institute, which created the Mango Academy.
On September 27, 2020, the company released a stock plan for a specific target group, with no total funding.
More than $4.5 billion to be spent on the content resource library expansion project (US$ 4 billion) and the Mangotv Smart Audio-Visual Media Services Platform project (US$ 500 million) to continuously expand the content ecology and build the intellectual platform for efficiency gains.
With corporate fund-raising and the introduction of investors, ecological boundaries are expected to continue to grow, maintaining a “highly recommended” rating.
"Sisters in the Wind" captures the net, with the hope of driving the mango to a high level of innovation. 2020-06-15 "Renovation in membership and advertising, 5-g-era."
In the third quarter of 2020-04-291 and the third quarter, the performance of Maroon Hill was expected to increase by 150-208 per cent, and the “Mance of Maroons” consolidated Mango’s creation. The three-quarters continued to provide the company with the advantages of content innovation and home-grown growth.
The hyenas of the waves, the secret room escapes, the wife's romantic journeys, the wonderful little forest, the raps of my words, the philosophies, and the hymns of the hymns of "Dear Myself" and "Snail and Yellowbirds" in the name of the family, have been effective in raising corporate advertising revenues and members' incomes.
At the October 18, 2020 meeting, the Deputy General Manager of the Mangotv programme center and the head of the box studio introduced Mango tv’s 2021 mastery plan.
The title, the arena, and the reality show were upgraded; while the "Big Brother with the thorns " , which will be on the line in the third quarter of 2021, is deeply attractive to middle-aged men, and the two shows are expected. In parallel with the show, a series of film clips on monsoon plans, " Hunting, Gifts, Sea anemones, etc., are well-known.
On the morning of October 14, the 8th Chinese Cyber Audio-Visual Congress on Mangotv: Moving to the Main Front, Taking the New Track, summed up the four-pronged logic of Mango tv success:
At present, the company has 20 production groups, 12 video production teams and 25 New Mangang strategic studios, and has set up music, tutorials, and so on.
In the first half of 2020, Mangotv occupied 5 of the 10 seats and 46 of the 100 seats in the multi-top viewer.
Creates an impregnable smart medium. The first is standardized processes. The whole process of content production is integrated into standardised process construction, with clear boundaries, interfaces and stable quality of delivery, predictable delivery times, etc., which provides the possibility for a more structured collaboration and lays the foundation for high-quality project outputs. The second is a large operating system.
In 2019, Mango developed an interactive play platform to create the country's first interactive detective play, Suspect No. 1, and to create a "watch-by-play" for each other.
The Mango Ecology has achieved a growing number of partners. For example, in the name of the family, the series has signed a strategy with Hua Tse in the framework of the New Mango Plan, which aims to lock up the Beijing team, bind it closely, develop it together, and eventually bring summer money to the audience.
This year, the company began to build a vertical power-market platform based on long video content, further deepening the combined influence of content, platforms and brands; re-engineering the production system of video dramas, launching the Mango monsoon programme; upgrading the Mango programme; and creating the Mango Academy, which will bring out the ugc content.
To develop top-level pgc producers; to focus on suspense, to create a front-line theme shop, to explore under-line entertainment. New lanes and new layouts allow mango ecology to be improved, business to grow more money, and branding to be more powerful.
At the Chamber of Commerce, held on September 22, 2020, Mangotv launched a monsoon project to create a super-scene theatre, which is linked to Hunan Watch.
Together with Mangotv, under the criteria of “high innovation, high quality, high scarcity” the country’s first network of weekly dramas is new. “Four Seasons, Four Seasons” runs through 2021, with 10 short shows of 12 in each season, 2 in each week, and 70 in every week.
Figure 3: Mango super-media play short, with the "Monsoon" project being launched, which is based on long video content to create a small mangang power provider, taking over the entire new track. The company actively distributes content electricians, led by the new Mangotv media platform, and dedicated itself to building a "mg" vertical power based on the competitive advantage of long video content.
Since its launch in summer, the platform has attracted talented creators from various fields, with hundreds of thousands of creators offering exposure and support resources. Upgraded to the Mango Academy, the platform will use the Famous Detective Academy as a model, putting the ugc in place.
Content lovers are trained as top-level pgc producers; focus on suspense, build script-killing shops, explore under line 3, develop 4.5 billion extra content extension ecos, build smart audio-visual media service platforms with 4.5 billion more, plus code content resources and smart audio-visual media service platforms.
The Division issues a stock plan for specific target issuers, with no more than a million yuan to be released to no more than 35 specific investors, and the Mangotv Platform for Smart Audio-Visual Media Services (500 million yuan). 4 billion dollars are allocated for the expansion of the content resource base to consolidate the niche in the content area.
Using the amount of $4 billion to raise funds, a strategy of copyright procurement for cinema and cinemas, comprehensive arts and custom-made productions will be used to enrich the content resources of the copyright library in order to consolidate the company’s position in the area of content and further improve its overall competitiveness.
The project was built on 24 500 million Mangotv Smart Audio-Visual Media Services Platforms, which are designed to create integration platforms through the use of 500 million yuan in fund-raising for the Mango tv Smart Audio-Visual Media Services Platforms.
When this project is completed, the company will accelerate the integration of mangotv in terms of resources, technology, services, operations, processes, and provide a solid platform basis for achieving the mangotv integration strategy by upgrading the overall platform-level solutions in the future, such as super-clear video, interactive video, and consumption-repeat video.
4. Investment proposals: sustainable state-owned integrated content-economy platform for the State-owned stream media, keeping in mind the company ' s continuous roll-out of its mastery and drama-gathering capabilities, taking advantage of content production advantages and industry-wide chain-of-association advantages, and generating additional value for the company through the development of new practices around fine content. Net benefits are expected for 2020/2011/2022
Risks of content compliance, brain drain, new projects and user fees fall short of expectations.