Mango SuperMechanism (300413) High-value than head-intensive q3 driver performance 29 October 2020
o3 performance fell to the forecasted ceiling of $9.471 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 15.05 per cent over the previous three quarters, a net profit of $1,612 million attributable to shareholders in listed companies, a strong increase in the third quarter and a revenue of $3.697 billion in the third quarter alone, an increase over the previous three quarters.
35.53 per cent of the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies is $509 million, which is a year-on-year increase. The concentration outbreak of head-high value for money content in three quarters is the core cause of the significant growth in performance.
The company has achieved a clear and high return on its investment in content.
The q3 Māori rate, which is 40.23% in terms of specific data, is higher on the market, with net interest rates of 13.71% compared to 9.09pt in the same period last year.
Income falls mostly in the third quarter, while membership growth is continuous, and three quarters of high-quality infusions also guarantee the retention fee of company members. We expect the q3 income rate to continue the high growth trend in the second quarter.
The short, medium, and long-term growth is expected to be realized in three quarters. The Queer of Sisters in Love was launched in October, and business is optimistic, and we are expected to be able to contribute as a derivative of the largest annual gaming.
In the middle of the year, the company is investing heavily in the content of the drama against a background of a huge mastery lead. In 2021, Mangotv was to develop 60 home-made dramas, including 1, Mango Supermix (300413):
"The Startup Line," "The Good Woman Can't Love." "The Good Woman." "The Six-Stander" -- "The Six-Standard" -- "The Head" -- "The Head" -- "The Head" -- "The Head" -- "The Head" -- "The Head" -- "The Head" -- "The Head" -- "The Head" -- "The Head" -- "The Head" -- "The Head" -- "The Head" -- "The Head" -- "The Head" -- "The Head" --
The sharp rise in the rate of lubricant highlights the fact that cost control can be achieved together.
2 Mango Supermix (300413): " The layout of business is also to be expected, opening the door to company growth!
Industrialization in the arts and culture of excellence, dynamic 3 and Mango SuperMechanism (300413): Performance meets expectations and platform operations are maintained robustly
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board