q3's performance is growing at the same rate, the growth in membership advertising is taking advantage of the windfall, the three-quarterly performance forecast for Mango super-mango, and the net profit rises faster than we expected.
As expected to continue to increase in the number of members' businesses, advertising revenue has increased significantly over the same period
We expect that the rate of conversion of fees and the value of arpu will continue to rise slowly, and in 2020 advertising operations: o3-quarter advertising revenues are projected to increase by more than 50% over the previous year. We believe that the higher growth in three-quarter advertising will be strongly recognized in q3.
The Multicultural Project is divided into two main categories: Mango tv home-made entertainment and Hunan Watch production and distribution with Mango tv. From home-made projects, q3 recognizes income from the core of Multi-Mammy (a total of 12, a total of 7 and a total of 6 vendors) / Wives4 (14, a total of 10 and a total of 8 vendors) /
During the period, there was a significant increase in the quality and number of confirmations from the previous year; from the production and distribution of the Hunan Vigilance project, the q3 confirmed income core art is known mainly as Chinese Dining Room 4 (12 issues, q3, 9, 10 vendors)/Hong Kong Bro (10 issues, q3, 10 issues, 3 vendors), of which Chinese Dining Room 4
Overall: We expect business income to grow by about 30% in the third quarter, and net profit growth to accelerate. The monsoon program has started a short play show, and the network is expected to be connected to a finely fine short play gathering \triangleright \triangleright
The monsoon plan is an important strategic layout for the episode in 2021. The monsoon plan is based on a weekly pattern of two episodes per week, of 70 minutes' duration, for a total of 12 episodes. It is expected that in 2021 it will accumulate 10 plays on the line, and that the platform will be connected to the Hunan Watch and Mangotv.
We believe that with the success of this year's Aichi Twilight and Misty Theatre (The Truth of Silence and The Invisible Corner successfully “circumcised” and the two-folding of both shows), the platform-led short play model will become a major feature of the entertainment industry. Mangotv, on the one hand, relies on Hunan Guangtung for the airing of the show.
On the other hand, the station has the advantage of having a network of top production teams, and its content production is more secure. Watch if Mangotv continues to break out in the future in the course of the TV drama content, and maintains the income of its users and members in advertising.
The \triangleright "Little Man" electric platform is on the line to build the Mango 2nd Growth Curve and the "Little Man" electric power provider as a strategic choice after the Mango super-momentation of the Hunan Long Video Platform, which is expected to be in early next year.
Gold 4.5 billion, with 5.3% of the total share to be transferred by the Mango media as an independent app. From three points of view, at the user level: it is expected that the seed users of the initial "Many" level will rely mainly on the Tomangotv video platform; at the cargo level, the "Man" will be based on the man.
Mango supermoderator: Hunan Via Voyag tv user characteristics integrated upstream supply chains and custom-made cutting-edges selected; scene level: custom products will be produced in a variety of arts, a 2021 Chamber of Commerce, a short play model for the monsoon plan
Deep implantation in TV dramas and introduction of brand ownership mechanisms, creation of a joint artist brand, and organization of a large number of kols, including artists, involved in the growing of grass in commodities. We think that the exploration of the business of the mini-man electrician is a long video-qualitative guide to the ecology of the industry.
As a result of the higher than expected net profit growth of the company in the third quarter, we have adjusted our annual net profit growth forecast for Mango excess, which is expected to be 83x, 72x, and 59x, respectively. Companies are highly profitable in 2020, and are interconnected as a scarce share of the country’s capital.
Web-based video platforms, backed by natural endowments from Hunan Broadband, using the divisional valuation method, the Mango super-media iptv and ott sectors for brand new media shares (wind 2020 consistent expectations p38x), the Mango super-media video company for taga (pe20x~30x 2020) and the Mango tv part for the United States dollar netflix (Pombo 2020 unanimous expectations ps8~10x).
As a result of the small scale of profit and gain in 2019, part of the retail purchases, we believe that the long-term development of mango supermodernity is wide-ranging and gives mango supermoderator “recommended” ratings. Advertising is not as popular as expected; and entertainment content is not as high as expected.
Jonesy, Dean of the Institute, Assistant President of the Democratic Securities President, and Dr. Vanderbilt University, followed by Dr. V.D. in Financial Mathematics, Johns Hopkins University, Bachelor of Arts, University of Makdan, author of a certificate of qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment counselling, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party.