Net profit growth is high, the monsoon plan and the progress of power suppliers are noteworthy: the Mango SuperMaster 3-quarterly reviews 100 million yuan, +35.53 per cent, net return profit of 509 million yuan, +197.41 per cent, and pre-performance forecast.
Financial end: Profit increases faster than income, mainly as a result of projects such as " Sister " , leading to a significant increase in the overall Māori rate 3.69 billion yuan, compared with 35.53 per cent in the third quarter of the year, net profit to mothers +509 million, compared with +197.41 per cent in the same year, and profit increases much faster than revenue. Specifically, cost end: 3 quarters Māori at 40.2 per cent, compared with +9.1 pt, ring comparison
The Unit is driven by the trend of 300 depths. Rate end: q3 sales cost 19.7 per cent, compared to +1.6 pct, which is expected to result mainly from increased publicity costs resulting from advertising campaigns such as the Ying Mango Festival this quarter; management cost 6.0 per cent, compared to +1.8 pct; research and development cost 0.8 per cent.
End of business: q3 members are expected to continue to grow their businesses with a significant increase of 2.76 million in advertising revenue over the same year, i.e. +84 per cent over the same year and +80 per cent over the first half of the year; we expect q3 to be driven by such hot spots as Sister ' s Chinese Dining Room 4 'Handing ' and others like "Dear Myself in the Name of the Family " .
Membership will continue to grow at an accelerated pace in three quarters, with membership expected to grow by more than 80 per cent to between 32 million and 35 million over the same period, leading to an accelerated increase in membership income in three quarters, which is expected to increase by more than 80 per cent over the same period. Advertising: we expect a high increase in advertising revenue in three quarters, with more S-level fairs on the q2 line recognized at the q3 level.
Homemade art consists mainly of "Mother and Mother " (12 issues, q3 confirmed, 7 cases, 6 cases), " Wife 4 " (14 cases), " Secret room escape 2 " (13 cases, q3 confirmed, 11 cases, 4 cases), which represents a significant improvement in the quality and quantity of the art and recognition last year, and is expected to boost q3 advertising revenues. Operators ' operations: due to the first half of the year ' s epidemic
q4: high profit growth throughout the year. Member operations: excellent performance in the first three quarters provides a high income base for members throughout the year, and q4 members' income is expected to continue.
Advertisement: According to the company’s announced gyrotechnic project schedule, the most important q4 level of q4 is the Mongo Super-Memorial Performance Prediction: The Sister’s Accomplishment (one exclusive name + four partners + two industries), Detective 6, and daughters.
Q4 advertising income is expected to increase at the same rate as q3 and the growth in membership advertising is a slight decline compared with the increase in q3, but multiple S-level polytechnics still guarantee a steady increase in advertising earnings in the fourth quarter.
The company plans to officially launch the content company platform “Small Man” in 2021 and expects to invest in the first quarter of the year. 2. Mango super-media: a grant of $4.5 billion and a transfer of 5.3 per cent of the total share capital from Mango media.
The monsoon plan will open up a short play, and it is expected that the network will be linked to a finely engineered short show surge, and that the monsoon plan will be an important strategic layout for the 2021 episode. The monsoon plan will link the content of 10 short plays and the four mango tv-scale troupes of Mangos in the Hunan Vigilance and Mangotv.
The series is broadcast in two episodes a week, single for 70 minutes, with a weekly pattern of 12 episodes. It is expected that in 2021 there will be a total of 10 dramas on the line. There are currently published films like Hunting, Gifts, Seaflowers. We believe that the monsoon plan is the first real media integration of content resources in the country, and with this year's Achicchi art tremor, The Mist Theatre.
The future platform-led short-playing model will become a major feature of the entertainment industry. Mangotv, on the one hand, relies on the Hunan Broadband, whose platform has the advantage of a network, on the other, bringing together many top production teams with the ability to produce content.
Greater safeguards. Watch Mangotv's future break-in on the TV show, the track, to get users and members to advertise the “Many” electric platform online, and to build the Mango second-growth curve, the “Many Man” electric power provider as another important strategy for Hunan's long video platform, which is expected to be launched at the beginning of next year.
Independent app. From three angles of the human cargo yard, the user side: it is expected that the initial seeding of the "Little Man" electric platform will be based primarily on the Tomangotv video platform guide flow; the cargo side, "Little Man" power provider, will integrate the upstream supply chain according to the characteristics of the mangotv household and select the customized cutting-edge goods; and the scene side: custom-made products will be included in the mix and television drama.
Deep implantation and the introduction of brand ownership mechanisms, the creation of a joint artist brand, and the organization of a large number of kols, including artists, involved in the growing of commercial grass. We believe that the exploration of the “Mother Man” power business is a major attempt by the long video platform to expand the liquidity path, and to see the future of the electric business as the second growth curve of the mango.
Also as a scarce national-owned Internet-based video platform with natural endowment advantages from Hunan Broadband, using the divisional valuation method, Mango super-media iptv and ott operations share of the brand new medium (in 2020, agreed wind p38x), Mango super-media filming industry (in 2020 p20x~30x), Mango tv
In part for the pamphlet netflix (the 2020 Bloomberg unanimous expectation ps8-10x), the media retail merry purchases are still small in size because of the loss of 2019, and as a result, according to the ps valuation, we believe that Mango super-manufacture has a wide scope for long-term development, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
JUNG, President of the Institute, Assistant President of the People’s Democratic Securities Institute, and Dr. Vanderbilt University, Financial Mathematics, Johns Hopkins University, Bachelor of Arts, University of Gangan, author of a certificate of qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,