On December 8, 2020, the company issued an announcement that 1.
2. Happy Sunshine intends to renew the Joint Recruitment Framework Agreement with the Hunan Broadcasting and Film Group and the Hunan Radio and Television Advertising Corporation. The parties agree to continue their joint solicitations on advertising clients between 2021 and 2025.
3. The company adjusts its daily association transactions with Micah Cultural Technology Ltd. to a projected transaction value of 897 million. • The rebroadcasting renewals determine the cost of procurement over the next five years, at prices consistent with 2020
Happy Sunshine intends to renew its agreement with the Hunan Broadcasting and Video Group, and the right to purchase the subject matter includes the right to distribute online the test programmes broadcast by the Hunan Watch between 2021 and 2025, at a price of $546 million/year, consistent in principle with 2020.
• Joint recruitment to renew advertising and investment resources, open channels and enhance the effectiveness of recruitment
The company works closely with Micah culture in a number of areas, seeking complementarity of resources and product integration.
The day-to-day association transaction between the company and the migu culture is expected to be adjusted from 718 million yuan to 897 million yuan. As of that date, a Strategic Cooperation Agreement has been signed, with content at its core, with intensive cooperation in a number of areas of operation, covering telecommunications, copyright cooperation, etc.
We look at the company's “brain plus content” barrier, and we see the ability to keep up the art and the drama, the content, the power provider becomes the new growth pole of the company, maintaining the “very recommended” rating, and the company's continued ability to produce the art and the drama, making full use of content production advantages and the entire industry chain.
q3 net profit from mother-to-child gain of 197.41 per cent, sustained.
" Sisters of the Wind " takes over the broad category of the Internet, with the hope of creating a high level of mango performance " 2020-06-15. Table 1: Subsistence of the Hunan Vigilance for the purchase of copyrights and the proportion of copyrights in the overall content of the company
The ratio of VV values from Hunan Watch Packing rights to the total VV values of the platform Table 3: Projected volume adjustment of company-mico culture-related transactions