The non-banking financial sector is under the influence of market conditions and policy, and it's under pressure to perform.
By the end of the third quarter of 2018, Zhang 1 Lat
2) Low market conditions increase financial asset volatility, investment transaction revenue pressure, exposure to market shocks and implementation of ifrs 9, investment transaction revenue pressure. Information on the preparation of this report was provided in the third quarter of 2018.
3) Investments are more regulated, project reserves are relatively adequate, ipo audits are tightened, issuances are slowed down, and investment revenues are falling. In the first three quarters of 2018, the company board project was 26, with the project reserve industry leading. In the case of bond underwriting, the company undertook various types of bonds in the first three quarters of the year.
(4) Decline in revenue from brokering, suppression of credit revenue space Markets have been depressed since the beginning of the year and corporate revenue from brokering has continued to decline. Business revenue growth has been reversed in the first three quarters of 2018.
In the first three quarters of 2018, the company achieved a net investment management income of $2.763 billion, an increase of 1.25 per cent over the same period. By the end of June 2018, the size of the GAO trustee asset management was $450.933 billion, ranked eighth in the market, with a pool asset management of $2,030.10 billion, or 45.02 per cent.
In September 2018, the company’s application for non-public distribution was entered into the CVM processing process. The plan was to raise no more than $15 billion, most of which would be used to supplement the credit capital fund and expand the ficc industry.
With the availability of funds, corporate capital will increase significantly, business standards will expand, and the capacity of integrated financial services is expected to increase further. Companies have market-based mechanisms, strong innovation, technological and financial upgrading, and integrated financial services capacity.
Business leads, we look forward to the future of the company, and we keep the “recommended” in the context of company fundamentals and valuations.