The size of the company ' s stock pledge business and risk-controllable investments are undervalued with warmer performance and wider issuance of securities (000776) for three quarters.
Three-quarterly reports issued in recent days on the wide distribution of securities, showing a 25.6 per cent decline in corporate operating income of $11.36 billion as of 2018q3; a 35.4 per cent decrease in total assets of $4.11 billion as of the same date; an increase of 10 per cent in total assets of $39,2.53 billion as compared to the beginning of the period; and a $85,890 million increase in net assets of mothers in normal processes, of which $6.5 billion was allocated to capital intermediation operations such as bond financing, stock pledge and $2.5 billion to Ficc and fixed capital.
The size of the buy-back financial assets fell by about $5.2 billion in the second quarter. The company ' s q3 buy-back financial assets was $33.35 billion, representing only 8.5% of the total assets.
The share is very low in terms of the size of the assets of the East, and the company is further shrinking against a backdrop of falling markets and rising stock pledge risk.
There was a slight 1.2 per cent increase in revenues from corporate capital management and transaction fees, and a three-quarter slowdown. January-September 2018 corporate capital management and fund operators \triangleright
The revenue from the renewal was $2.76 billion. By mid-2018, the revenue from the management of the company and from the operations of the fund had increased by 2.8 per cent over the same period.
The risk of bonding is low among all listed securities dealers, and we believe that the current level is relatively understated. We see a flexible and robust business strategy for companies that further shrinks stock market turnover, solidizes business development less than expected, manages business less than expected, invests business losses increase, and is a source of financial prosperity in the East.
The 4th place in the real estate industry is a source of wealth and wisdom in the East.
Name. 2014 million information year: "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasting Accurately in Real Estate." 2016: Research Assistant for Investment in Sky-Eye Real Estate.
Graduated from Beijing University of Aeronautics and Space, and master's degree from Beijing University. Has worked for many years in Tetsu, Yunfeng Finance, Hong Kong. A great deal of work and research has been done in the fields of Internet finance and finance technology.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.