In the first half of 2023, the company sold 32.28 million tanks for excavators, an increase of 5 per cent in the same year; the excavator oil tank market revenue increased by 18 per cent on a year-on-year basis, effectively smoothing domestic cycle fluctuations.
In terms of digging, the volume of heavy equipment sold in non-standard tanks was 11.43 million, an increase of 18 per cent over the same period; sea and sea industries, high-altitude platforms were growing rapidly with swing tanks, industrial non-flagged tanks; excavators pump valves infiltrated high-end markets in the centre, and many of the non-divide items were marketed. The share of large excavators pump valves in the company continued to grow.
Upgraded, the domestic and foreign market share of high-altitude operating platforms and agricultural machinery has increased significantly; new products such as master pump valves, track-to-celebmadas, handle valves, etc. are supplied in bulk at the mainframe plants. The compact hydraulics department has developed threads, plug-in valves close to 600, balanced valves, integrated valves over 400, and has achieved bulk supply over time.
In the first half of 2023, the company spent $336 million on research and development, making a breakthrough in the field of growth, control devices, power handles, and bulk supply of products such as e-steps. The company’s linear drive project is expected to be launched in q2 in 2024; it will help close down the hard work points in the power cylinders and rollers, contributing additional amounts.
In keeping with globalization, the company has set up four major R&D centres in Chicago, Germany, Shanghai, China, and Changzhou, China, and has set up marketing services in Europe, the United States, Japan, India, and Indonesia. Mexican factories are expected to be operational in the fourth quarter of 2023, opening up future overseas business space.
The first results of the expansion of the product category, with a quarterly increase in profits, are: the firm actively promotes product expansion and regional expansion, and growth in the context of globalization is sustainable.
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.