Revenue increases better than industry. Linear-driven projects are going into production next year.
10,000, yoy-24 per cent (5.1 million, yoy-44 per cent, export sales 57.8 million, yoy + 11 per cent), during which the company sold 32.28 million special tanks for excavators and yoy + 5 per cent (18 per cent increase in revenue from the overseas market for the public excavator tanks compared to the industry); heavy equipment used non-standard oils
Bottle 11.43 million, yoy+18%, mainly marine, high-altitude platforms with swing tanks, industrial non-barrelled tanks. The share of the large- and medium-digger pump valves continues to rise, and the share of high-altitude platforms and agricultural machinery in the domestic and foreign markets continues to rise significantly; and the main pump valves, track-throwers and hand handles of the slide-loader-backed loading machines are equipped with control engines.
New products, such as the s01052111006 valves, have also achieved bulk supply at the mainframe plants.
Market sales revenue increased by 42.98 per cent over the same period. It was significantly better than the industry as a whole. Exchange earnings contributed in part to the development of new products and non-digging areas.
At the same time, efforts have been made to expand new markets and new product types to fill the void of the company's small hydraulics through the creation of the compact hydraulics department; to make downstream applications of companies in non-digging industries such as agricultural machinery, high-altitude platforms, road machinery, general industry, etc., more possible through the ongoing development of generic pump valve products; and to provide public access to the public.
The Division is constantly investing in research and development, with control devices, power handles, electro-footers in the area of smart control, and can ' s one-quarter review in 023: non-digger operations continue to be active, exports continue to be strong - 2023/04/28
Major project construction is recommended on a continuous basis, and linear drive project is expected to be operational. The company is currently working on projects that include Mexican factories, linear drive projects, general hydraulic pump technologies and super-heavy tank projects, of which Mexican factory companies are expected to be operational in 2023q4 and will form engineering machinery after the project reaches the postnatal stage.
Production capacity of 200,440 cylinders, 62,650 extended cylinders and other special tanks, as well as hydraulic pumps and 150,000 motors; linear drive project companies are expected to produce 2024q2 and will form 104,000 standard rollers, 4,500 heavy rollers, 750 planets.
2q1 Quarterly Review: Short-term drag from the excavator industry, product share, 100,000 m standard roller wire poles and 100,000 m heavy roller wire poles production continued to increase by 2022/04/26
The reality of the 2021q4 performance sheet is not easy, and the product share continues to be raised
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.