The core tank products are well sold, the reversible increases in research, the constant hydraulic pressure (60110.sh) and the core engine oils are well sold overseas, and the non-scaling tank products are growing faster.
For six months, 32.28 million canisters for excavators were sold, an increase of 5 per cent over the same period; 18 per cent for company excavators in overseas markets; and 11.43 million for heavy equipment in non-standard tanks.
This represents an 18% increase in the same year: sea and sea, high-altitude platforms with swing tanks, industrial non-flagged tanks, and a rapid increase in the share of large- and medium-digger pump valves. The share of high-altitude platforms and agricultural machinery in the domestic and foreign markets continues to rise significantly.
Domestic demand continues to decline, export growth is further shrunk, companies, as suppliers of hydraulic core parts, closely following the globalization of the domestic engineering and machinery industry, the trend towards electricization, and the positive expansion of the share of the export model of the country's main production plant using the competitive advantage of existing products, and
Foreign branding overseas market shares and targeting new electric products. We believe that companies are expected to sustain steady annual growth through internationalization, electric layout.
There is still a better profitability, with a Māori sales rate of 39.02% (-0.11 pcts) and a net profit on sales increasing by 12.34% over the same period. The firm’s reversible investment in R&D is increasing, and there are constant controls in the area of smart control, power handles, electric foot-trips, and can-line drives, among other products that are supplied in bulk.
Actively expanding new markets and new product types to fill the void of the company ' s small hydraulics through the establishment of the compact hydraulics department; and downstreaming companies in non-digging industries such as agricultural machinery, high-altitude platforms, surface machinery, general industry through the ongoing development of general pump valve products
The application of the relatively deep 300 performance map has much more potential for the future. We believe that firm and sustained investment in research and development to develop growth drivers will maintain core competitiveness and hope to open up more market space in reverse.
All pre-financing projects have been steadily advanced, or will be gradually launched in the fourth quarter of this year. Each of the planned additional funding projects under the strategic plan has been steadily advancing. Among them, the permanent Mexico project, the General Hydraulic Pumps project and the ultra-heavy heavy tank project are expected to take place in 2023.
In the fourth quarter, the linear drive project is expected to be launched in the second quarter of 2024, and the International Research and Development Centre is expected to be operational in the fourth quarter of 2024.
By improving product quality, maintaining high-end positioning, building brand advantages, and achieving domestic import substitution, we are working towards the strategic goal of equipping the world. We believe that the pace of corporate internationalization strategies is accelerating, and that it is hoped that the future will become a world-class leader through productive capacity.
Investment proposals: Given the company ' s core competitiveness in hydraulic components and systems, we expect steady and steady growth in corporate performance in the light of the current state of business and its profitability. I am personally committed to producing this report independently and objectively, in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has been in the past.
The London School of Political and Economics, a master’s degree in economics, a nine-year career in securities, joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2021. Master’s degree in engineering at the University of New Wealth of Japan in 2016, a bachelor’s degree in engineering at Harbin Industrial University, and a member of the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018.
First, the fpm academic conference bestpaperaward. Used to be a member of the New Wealth Mechanical Corps.