Good performance, looking at non-engineering machinery and overseas layout, achieved a single quarter of $2.025 billion (+20.1 per cent), a net return to the mother of $653 million (+23.5 per cent) and a deduction of a net return to the mother of $643 million (+27.3 per cent) and a good performance in line with expectations.
• The expansion of the non-engineering and machinery sector has worked well with the external market layout, which we conclude in a quarterly report that the company’s expansion in the non-engineering and machinery sector and the external market layout will work quickly. The report shows that the company has been active in expanding new markets and new types of products: compact hydraulics.
(a) The creation of the Ministry of Industry to fill the void in small hydraulics, with a rich product type and successive bulk supply;
The prices of companies compare to the 300-deep trend of electrical handles, tethers, con bus drives, etc., and the active development of more than 200 types of castings, which start to be released from non-engineering machines, yielding economies of scale, with an external sales share of over 50 per cent.
At the same time, companies have consolidated and expanded their operations in the Americas through the construction of factories in Mexico and the creation of Brazilian subsidiaries; 2023h1 companies have increased their domestic market revenues by 9.09 per cent and their sales earnings from overseas markets by 42.98 per cent; and we have maintained the development of the preferred companies in the non-engineering and machinery sector and in foreign markets.
The increase in net profitability is due, among other things, to an improvement in the cost of financial services. In our quarterly report, it is expected that the company’s profit rate will improve, benefiting from the influence of raw materials, exchange rates, product composition, etc.
1) Core high-end hydraulics technology is difficult to break through; 2) domestic infrastructure policy support is not as good as expected; 3) downstream plant demand is not as good as expected; 4) non-digging and overseas markets are not expanding as expected; and the use of legally compliant information, the independent and objective production of this report, the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, and I have done so.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.