Health-care pharmaceuticals, biotech and life sciences performed well, with a two-priced Hpv productive expansion event: companies published a 1-week report in 2021, generating operating income of $824 million
281 million yuan (+395.7%) is a net operating cash flow of 770 million yuan, driven by the sale of the Hpv vaccine and the increase in reagent revenues. The company ' s second price Hpv vaccine was marketed in May 2020, and the incremental contribution of the Hpv vaccine in the first quarter of 2021 was significant.
According to data disclosed by the Central Court of Justice, 2.456 million Hpv vaccines were issued in 2020 (848,000 copies were issued in the first quarter of the public year).
Approximately 1.2 million (38 million + 848,000) Hpv vaccine sales in the first quarter of 2021. Total market value/flow (millions)
A new Cooperative Research Agreement is to be signed with Xiamen University in order to consolidate productive research cooperation.
The agreement, which entered into force on 11 December 2021 and is valid for 10 years, provides Professor Shanin and his team with no less than $10 million in research funding each year, with additional research funding based on actual needs and after consultation between the parties.
The company draws 3% of the corresponding sales of diagnostic reagent products, 1% of the sales of other prophylactic products from the corresponding non-diagnostic reagent products, and pays them to Xiamen University within 10 years of their delivery.
Patent or generic results arising during the period of validity (11 December 2021 to 10 December 2031), exclusive use and disposal of patent and/or non-patent results, proceeds of disposition of patent and/or non-patent results, depending on the duration of the disposition
The new agreement will help to consolidate the company’s cooperation with Xiamen University, strengthen its R & D and industrialization capacity, and consolidate quality R & D funding.
According to the announcement, pre-filled syringe packaging was approved, with an additional capacity of 10 million units per year, further enhancing the company’s ability to supply a second-priced cervical cancer vaccine.
Taking into account the rhythm of production to batch issuance, it is expected that the 2-priced hpv batch will be issued in the 21st year at around 8 million.
The product has previously been certified by the EU (professional) and can be sold in EU countries and in countries that have recognized EU (EU) certification.
The product meets the needs of non-professional self-censorship, stable performance, sensitivity, and speciality. Vantaa's reagent boxes are good on European speakers, and the demand for new coronary home testing is high.
Germany’s approval will have a positive impact on the company’s performance. The company has built a platform for viral particle vaccine for the scarce colonist nuclear expression system, combining good immunogen and high safety features of the viral particle vaccine.
The primary nuclear expression of the critical technical difficulties in the assembly of protein particles, the perfect combination of production efficiency and immuno-effects, with the exception of the publicly available hepatitis vaccine and the second-priced cervical cancer vaccine, the platform of which is a nine-priced cervical cancer vaccine, is undergoing three clinical trials and a new generation of cervical cancer vaccine and wheels is being deployed.
The second-price hpv is capable of expanding production and driving rapid growth. We expect 114 times, 76 times, 59 times, to cover it for the first time, with a “recommended” rating.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.