9 days' worth of research in Washington, D.C. (301269), wind and rain, eda tool full-flow coverage of empyreantechnology
According to the company’s mid-2023 report, the company is mainly involved in the process.
Development, sale and related service operations of the integrated circuit design, manufacturing and encapsulation of the eda tool software, the company ' s original products include simulation of the full-flowed eda tool system for circuit design, digital eda tool, tablet display of the full-flowed eda tool system for circuit design, crystal-crystal manufacturing eda tool and advanced encapsulation
In the first half of 2023, software such as the design of the eda tool, the company introduced new software such as the full-flowed eda tool system for the storage of circuit design and the full-flowed eda tool system for the design of radio frequency circuits. In addition to the above software, the company also provides technical development services in related areas.
As of 30 June 2023, companies had about 600 domestic and foreign customers.
In the area of eda, the total domestic market share of local firms was 760 million yuan, and the company’s share of the market was more than 50 per cent. In 2022, the company achieved sales revenue of 798 million yuan, an increase of 37.76 per cent compared to the previous year, placing it first.
A number of major scientific research projects at the national level, including the national project "Core Electronic Devices, High-end Common Chips and Basic Software Products" "Advanced Eda Tool Platform Development in Major Technology" and "eda Tool System Development and Application" and the Ministry of Science and Technology's special focus on "Sulow Power High Time Sequencing Analysis Technology"
The company simulated the entire flow-eda tool system is one of the world-wide leading process-eda solutions for simulating circuit design; and stored the entire process-eda.
Tool systems are the leading storage circuit design full-flow solution in the country: radio frequency circuit design full-flow (RF) system eda tool system is the only radio frequency circuit design full-flow eda utility system in the country: flat-board display of power The circuit design full-flow eda tool system is the leading global commercial full-flow design system, multiple technologies
International leadership has been achieved to fill gaps in the national flat-plate design professional eda software; some tools, such as digital circuits and crystal-crystal manufacturing, have also had unique technical advantages, and some have reached international leadership: critical solutions for advanced encapsulation have filled gaps in domestic eda tools in this area.
Introduction of equity incentives and high growth in income targets. On 6 November 2023, the company proposed to award a second category of no more than 2 per cent of the total equity stock, based on the company ' s disclosure of the Restrictive Stock Incentives 2023 Draft.