Ningpo Bank (002142): Growth in size is still strong Reported reasons: Performance rating Events: 50.753 billion yuan (+ 7.45%, yoy) of corporate operating income achieved in the previous three quarters, attributed to the parent company's general share
qoq. Ningbo Bank net interest spreads of 1.85% in the previous three quarters, a decline of 4bps in the same year. The investment in public loans is more seasonal than in the previous two seasons, and individual loans have improved. q3 Ningbo Bank loans have continued to grow strongly, relative to \triangleright
Structurally (as shown in figure 1), there continues to be a marked increase in public loans on a year-to-year basis (less in the industry over the same period) reflecting a stronger regional demand and its own initiative; the discounting of instruments is significantly lower, or because the incentive for impulses is weaker in the case of better lending in general. The private lending continues to increase less, in line with industry trends, for three main reasons:
In the same period last year, more individual loans and consumer-type loans were invested, with a larger maturity this year; on the other hand, the demand for various types of credit was weak; and on the other hand, access to individual loans by companies or tightened by the increased credit risk of individual loans in the industry. On the other hand, q3 additional individual loans were significantly improved over the previous two quarters, or mainly by companies capturing the season (the recent pace of investment shows that q3 is generally the q3 figure).
The q3 company’s inflows continue to grow faster, based on the q2 superseason downside (figures).
The company’s deposits in the first three quarters have grown rapidly, setting the basis for the year, and q4 is expected to remain relatively high relative to its peers.
The rate of interest continues down, benefiting from the basis of the rate of interest, and the net difference is significantly smaller. From the low base, the q3 difference is similar to that of the Bank of Ningbo (002142): the increase in size is strong and the decrease is significantly narrower. The q3 quarterly difference is measured at 1.81%, equal to the same rate. At the end of the asset, the rate drop is still significant.
The q3 rate of interest is calculated at 3.87 per cent, a decrease of about 29bps in the same year. On the one hand, because of the fragmentation of the new loan structure (higher zero sales ratio) and the continuing low interest rate on new loans, on the other hand, because of the strong bond pricing effect (last year, Ningbo Bank (002142): public loans
At the end of the debt, Bank Ningbo (002142): The revenue and credit base is high, with a marked decline of 16bps in the same ratio, which has contributed significantly to the reduction in interest margins. Retail demand at this stage is weak.
Cost elasticity, poor handling and low interest rates on housing loans in stock continue to place pressure on interest rates, but downward pressure is expected to slow down with favourable factors such as slower pricing and macro-policy additions. At the end of the debt, companies will be implementing a new round later in October.
>Influenced by the market, middle business income remains depressed. q3 fees and commission revenues remain significantly lower than in the previous year, and are expected to remain constrained by such factors as concessional policies and weak capital market performance. The low q4 base is considered, and the “9.24” New Deal has lost significantly from higher levels. However, other combined gains remain strong (as shown in figure 3), pointing to other claims.
q3 loans accounted for an increase of 6bps to 1.08% at the end of comparison q2 (figure 4), which is consistent with industry trends and reflects macro-level pressures.
Disturbing of retail customers in the fee category, consistent with industry trends, reflects pressure on employment and income of the population; the expected low quality of public assets is stable and reflects the resilience of local entities. Dynamicly, the negative production rate measured for the first three quarters (plus write-off, annualization) is 1.14 per cent, higher in recent years, but slower than in the first half of the year. q3 write-offs are equal to +73.67 per cent in the case of adverse disposals.
Current risks to retail assets in the industry are more prevalent and subsequent credit costs may still be under pressure. Given the faster growth in corporate income and the higher provision, it is expected that there will still be a capacity to maintain an excellent indicator of asset quality.
The interest rate on the stock of housing loans, the interest rate on deposit and the lpr adjustment have a negative impact on interest differentials, and we adjust the profits accordingly, corresponding to 0.87, 0.78, 0.71 times the price charged on October 29. The Ningpo Bank region has a solid economy and a surge in its professional capacity, and revenue is expected to grow faster. With the advantages of collection and provision, companies are able to adequately respond to retail risks in the industry.
At the industry level, the increase in debtization and real-estate support policies have significantly eased market concerns about the quality of bank assets. For these reasons, the firm’s “buy-in” investment rating is maintained.
Figure 22,024q3 Bank deposits kept growing at a faster rate, with the left axle unit: 100 million yuan; the other combined gains of the bank axle: 100 million yuan; and the fourth axle unit: the negative bank rate of the bank was stable and the rate of concern was rising.
Appendix: Three series of statement projections, using data information that is legally compliant, carefully draw conclusions and present the present report independently and objectively, without any direct or indirect relationship to the specific recommendations or views expressed in the present report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.