Bank Ningpo (002142.sz): Credit maintenance 1 November 2024
Events: 3-quarter report issued by Ningpo Bank in 2024: 50,750 million yuan (yoy+7.4 per cent) in the company and 20.71 billion yuan (yoy+7.0 per cent) in the mother ' s net profit; annualization of the first 3 quarters
On 19th, it became the country's first city commercial bank to be listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
A strategy aimed at diversifying the financial services provided by clients by creating “corporate banks, retail companies, individual banks, financial markets, credit cards, paper business, investment banks, asset hosting, etc.”
The two-ring ratio rises between the 3q24 and the profit increase rate. The 24q3 season harvests and the profit increase are the nine major profit centres, respectively, for asset management, with an initial diversification of 8.1 per cent and 10.2 per cent, up from 1h24 per cent, which is not easy in the current banking environment.
Growth patterns and good brand image, partly because of the low income base of 23q3 seasons and partly because of companies maintaining a steady growth in steady and steady prices while maintaining a positive growth in credit delivery and capital overhang.
In the current operating environment, where credit demand is weak, companies are willing to increase their lending, while loans in the previous three quarters are maintained at a 19.6% increase in the same year, and the rate of return is not low, and we measure 24q3 one-year interest on assets.
The gain of 4.01% and the increase of 3bp in the ring q2 indicates a strong credit market outreach capability for the company. The recovery in the negative interest rate on new loans led to an increase in asset yields, with the firm’s net interest margin expected to rise steadily, with assets with short periods of time and a strong pricing capacity, with net interest differentials or better than comparable counterparts.
Other non-interest aspects, investment gains, gains and losses on exchange and changes in fair value are combined to 0.3 per cent higher than in the previous year. Compared to comparable counterparts, the return on bond investment in the previous three quarters was relatively small. Overall, non-interest income accounted for about 30 per cent of the revenue, taking into account last year ' s low q4 base, and non-interest income
The probability of further downswing is low, followed by a decline in the cost-earning ratio under stock market performance and capital market regulations.3 Cost control is the main factor driving the 21.7% increase in profits before the q3 season.q3 quarter costs are charged for the same period.
S148052100003,4 with persistently low rates, provision coverage and lower loan allocation ratios. The increase in the rate of revenue generation is related to the disclosure that at the end of June, the rate of poor personal consumption loans and the rate of poor personal operating loans was different.
At the end of the third quarter, the coverage was 404.8%, with the ring below.
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual excellence Investment proposal: The company’s three-quarter pre-release revenue growth is higher than expected, driven mainly by its strong credit investment and cost-control capabilities. Less than expected, non-interest income is rising at a slower rate, with interest on loans.
The rate continues to rise, and the coverage of the provision continues to decline. We believe that the high expansion of Ningpo Bank is likely to sustain, holding, the net difference is expected to take the lead in stabilizing, and that non-interest income is likely to drop further under the low-q4 base effect last year.
Second, there is a strong foundation for high-quality expansion of corporate institutional mechanisms with a high degree of marketization, strong strategic implementation, and high-quality business. Historical data show that companies have sustained forward pricing, prudent wind control, and diversified business expansion.
In fact, it is expected to maintain a smoother and faster growth in revenue and profits, giving a target of 1.0 times 24 years pb and maintaining the source of financial prosperity in the East. Figure 1: Ningbo Bank 1-3q24, net profit per year + 7.4 per cent, + 7 per cent
Figure 2: Ningbo Bank 3q24 seasons, net profit with ratio + 8.1%, +10.2%, Figure 3: Ningpo Bank 1h24, 3q24 splits
Figure 6: Non-performing loan ratio of Ningpo Bank at the end of September was flat at 0.76%, concern: Ningpo Bank provision coverage at the end of September dropped by 15.7 pct to the source of financial prosperity in the East
Bank of Ningbo (002142.sz): Loans keep up high and costs are better regulated — 3rd quarter 2024, report points, source of financial booms in the East.
Lin Ying's recommendation or opinion is directly or indirectly related.
East Hing Securities Co. reports Ningpo Bank (002142.sz): Loans maintain high growth and cost controls - 3rd quarter 2024
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for information purposes, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to our own company or to the author.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends. In cases where the law permits, my company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.