:: Investment rating: buying (maintenance) of the average marginal increase in profits of 1-3q24, with interest operations as the main driving force
The growth of the middle-income business continues to be influenced by the weak demand for wealth management.
He had the same rate of non-interested income, which had decreased by 2.5 pcts at a rate of 1h24, with net returns on investments, a robust scale driven by high growth in loans, a discounted scale of 1h24 below 3q24 Nbo Bank total assets, interest-bearing assets and loan sizes increasing by +14.88 per cent, respectively.
14.91 per cent, 20.29 per cent, and three quarters of the expansion of asset size, which continues to be driven mainly by credit growth, continue the upward trend of public and retail investment during the third quarter, with a slight slowdown of 1h24. Retail lending is visible compared to the industry, and is achieved against a background of widespread under-retail demand in the industry.
The size of the financial investment was + 7.03 per cent, with a further decline in the size of the transactional financial assets, the same as -20 per cent, which is expected to result mainly from the optimization of the investment structure of the transaction book debt by Bank Ningpo in the light of the changing market situation.
• Low net interest differentials are smaller, with interest differential levels remaining a leader in the industry 3q24 Nbo Bank net interest spread rings from 2bps to 1.85% below 1h24 (Ningpo Bank half-yearly interest difference adjustment to remove trading financial assets from “interest expenditure”
The cost of interest payments for “investment returns” during the holding period, if adjusted for new calibres, is offset by a certain reduction in interest differentials by lower end cost of the liability, and it is expected that, in addition to an improvement in the end-of-debt structure, lower interest rates on deposit will be credited to the difference.
3.2023 Annual Report Review: Gold elimination, retail sales, high demand for finance, competition in financial institutions, and a structural upturn in interest rates on new loans in the rest of the country.
Based on the 25bps down at lpr, the 4q24 and 1q25 differences are expected to be under considerable downside pressure, but Ningpo Bank is multi-structured and expected to maintain its margin advantage.
3q24 Ningbo bank failure rate of 0.76 per cent, seven consecutive quarterly round balance and robust asset quality. The interest rate is 6bps to 1.08 per cent higher than the 1h24 ring ratio, and is expected to be due mainly to the impact of the difference in the credit transfer strategy of the Ministry of Silver Billing and Retail Large Data Credit, but at the same rate.
Lines are better than 2q24 (ring ratio + 28bps). 3q24 Ningbo Bank has 404.8% coverage, down by 15.75 pcts from 1h24, and the risk countervailing capacity is still ahead of the industry. Loans of $9.2 billion. It is expected that Ningpo Bank will focus on defusing the weight, mainly due to changes in its internal and external business situation.
The Ningpo Bank is well-developed in the river and the surrounding economically developed regions, with a clear location of the market population and a strong competitive advantage. The core management team is stable, strategic communications efficient, and corporate governance mechanisms are in place.
The ability to diversify financial services is scarce, the wind is strong, and the quality of assets is excellent. Performance was released on a quarterly basis in 2024, with companies experiencing internal and external changes showing better operational resilience, and we expect a new round of fiscal and monetary policy.
With positive effects, Ningpo Bank will benefit from macro-basic repairs to re-repair basics and valuations. We maintain the profit projection assumption that companies are expected to operate in 2024/2025/2026 at interest rate risk: market interest rates continue to fall, competition for quality assets increases and interest differentials narrow.
Market risk: The downside of macro and regional economies has led to a deterioration in the quality of assets and a significant increase in negative outcomes. Business risk: less than expected economic growth and a sharp drop in financing demand have slowed credit growth. Using legally compliant information, the present report is presented independently and objectively, and the data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, to which I refer.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.