Performance met expectations, with an increasing out-of-the-way ratio - Ocean River Shares (002304.sz) incident evaluation report. On 28 August 2023, Ocean River Shares issued a semi-annual report for 2023.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn Performance meets expectations, markets are being invested more heavily, company product structures are being upgraded, and sales costs are being raised mainly by companies.
As a result of the promotion of large markets, the net cash flow of 2023h1 operations is $265 million, the product structure continues to improve, and the extra-provincial growth momentum is upwards +1 pct/+4 pct, the company focuses on the creation of large single items in the price bands and the production of medium- and high-grade liquor.
The structure continues to be upgraded to promote nationalization in depth, while 210 skus are combing up, making continuous refinements and optimizing the structure.
For the subregion, the revenues are $94,611,996 million in the provinces of 2023h1, compared to 2023h1, for a total of 8,461 national distributors, an increase of 223 from the beginning of the year.
The macroeconomic downside risks, the blue classic season, the recovery of the consumer scene, the growth of the bicrow brand, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: LL.B., University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master ' s degree in law, economics, and a taste industry study. Shaw Yannan: Master ' s degree in finance, University of Hunan, graduated in June 2023, joined Chinese securities research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.