Ocean River shares (00204) food beverages The product structure continues to upgrade and the depth of nationalization continues at the Southwest Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company published its semi-annual report for 2023, with 23h1 achieving gross operating income of $21.87 billion, a 15.7 per cent increase in the same year, a net return to the mother of $7.86 billion, a 14.1 per cent increase in the same year and a 17.3 per cent increase in the same year to the non-return to the mother of 23q2 performance, which is largely in line with market expectations.
• The product structure continues to be optimized, and the share of products outside the province continues to improve. The structure of the product is further optimized, with medium- and high-quality alcohol (the price of which is £100/500ml) and common wine (the price of which is <100/500ml), respectively, achieving an optimal collection structure. 2 Subregionally, $9.46 billion (+9.9 per cent) in the province and extra-provincial realization camps are achieved.
The number of distributors in 23h1 shows a net increase of 215 to 5476 dealers outside the province, and the company’s nationalization has become more sophisticated.
At the same time, sales costs increased by 2.5 percentage points to 10.3 per cent.3 Companies adhere to the management concept of “people-centred, science-based control”, with continuous improvement in management effectiveness, scalable scale effects, a decrease of 0.7 percentage points to 4.6 per cent in the same rate, and an increase of 1.2 percentage points to 13.9 per cent in the same year in the overall rate.3
• Continuous focus on core monoliths and continuous structural upgrading. The company is constantly pushing for product structural upgrading around the idea of “product refining, structural optimization” and growing business: 1; maintaining quality orientation; issuing China's White and White Liquor Soft Quality Development Report; continuously promoting research and application of soft machinery; and constantly upgrading products.
Quality. 2, combing 210 sku to achieve a dynamic balance between product rotation and phase-out, with a sustained focus on the blue sea, dream 6+ core monolith, crystal version m3, with a more focused product strategy. 3, investing in digital marketing, optimizing consumer digitization strategy activities; and a 3+4-indicator system promotion camp.
The business is strong. The basics are strong in the provinces, and the extra-provincial growth space continues to expand.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.