Ocean River shares continue to upgrade the structure of their products, and extra-provincial markets perform better. Ocean River shares publish their 23-and-a-half-year reports. 1h23 collects $21.87 billion, an increase of 15.7 per cent.
The net return to the mother was $7.86 billion, an increase of 14.1 per cent, and a gain of $5.2 per share per share. 2q23, the semi-annual review of Ocean River shares, 2023, judged the recovery of demand and rising consumption from the core market, the dream of 3 crystals, the sky blue.
The demand for upgrades in the blue sea and below price bands is better accepted, increasing faster than other products in the blue classics. Dream 6+ prices are more subject to external environmental impacts, and in order to ensure profit from channels and marketing incentives, companies have recoupled prices for dream 6+ enforcement controls in the first half of the year (2).
Sub-regionally, in 1h23, $9.63 billion was collected internally, representing an increase of 10.2 per cent and an increase of 44.0 per cent, with companies performing well in their out-of-town markets and rising income. The Māori ratio shows that the provincial and extra-provincial markets are still market-arranged.
The market base outside the province is strong, with prices associated with the core price belt for public consumption. 2q23 net return increased by 9.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, less than the increase in income, and was associated with reduced investment returns and increased sales costs. 2q23 Māori ratio increased by 8.6 pct to 75.1 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and with product structure.
In terms of cost rates, the company cost policy is end-oriented, with the recovery of the consumption scene, the increase in the number of feasts and the release of the red-pack policy, the cost of sales to the company for the two-quarter period being 16.8 per cent, a 35.7 per cent decline compared to the same $1 billion, affected by the decline in the cost of sales and changes in the return on investment, and 2 billion yuan.
We adjust profit projections in conjunction with corporate performance in the first half of the year, the economy recovers less than expected, consumption scenes are missing, and pipeline stocks are more than anticipated.
S.A.I.S.A. is qualified for securities investment consulting business Food beverages: white wine
(8610) 66229391