In the evening of 30 October 2025, China Sea Oil issued its Third Quarterly Report for 2025. China Sea Oil (600938.sh)
During the last three quarters, the company achieved a revenue of $31,253 million, i.e., 4.15 per cent of the year; net return profits were realized The overall performance of the company was as expected, the oil price ring increased by 03, but the company ' s profit ring fell, the main \triangleright
The reason is to consider the decline in the company ' s production ring and the increase in the cost ring under the typhoon. \triangleright US$/bbl, $1.17/bbl, year-on-year, mainly the Canadian heavy oil price wsc compared to Brent.
The difference is narrow. The 03 company achieved a gas price of $7.80/km3 of +0.05/km3 of +0.05/km3 of +0.22/km2 of the ring, and the company ' s natural gas sales downstream were dominated by the agreement of the China-East and South China Industry Users Association.
The main reasons for the decline in oil and gas production were the typhoon weather effects, the sale of assets in the United States Gulf of Mexico, and the declining production of oil and gas fields in Europe, Africa and Oceania.
The main reasons for this include the cost side of projects such as Deep Ocean No. 1 gas field No. 2, the Middle 19-2 oil field, and the Brazilian mero 3 project, which continues to consolidate the cost advantage of low barrel oil.
The increase in the company barrel cost ring ratio is mainly influenced by a combination of q3 typhoons, output structure, changes in operations, and changes in maintenance workload. Profit projections and investment ratings: we project the company ' s net return profit for the period 2025-2027, respectively.
\triangleright a share corresponds to 9.51, 9.36 and 8.83 times the price of the round, h to 6.43, 6.33 and 5.97 times the price of the round.
Growth: the company is expected to continue to perform well in 2025-2027, the value of the stock is still in repair, and we maintain a “buy-in” rating of the company's a and h shares.
Risk factors: economic volatility and downside risk of oil prices; lower-than-expected risks of higher production by companies; cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. economic sanctions and geopolitical risks.
The exchange rate on 30th of the Hong Kong dollar against the renminbi is 0.9120.
Mr. Zhog Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Member of the 30-member Forum on the Coal Economy of China, Member of the China Society of Geology and Minerals, Member of the pool of experts of China's International Engineering Consulting Corporation, Member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (chaired) for more than 10 years, conducted research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and chaired the “13th Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five.
The National Coal Survey and Development Planning Programme, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related advisory projects have covered hundreds of topics. In June 2016, the China-China Trust Certificate Research and Development Centre was responsible for research in the coal sector. Since 2019, it has been responsible for research on large-scale energy panels. It is currently responsible for research and development in the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre. Liu Hong Guang, a doctor from Beijing University, and a member of the Carbon Central and Professional Committee of the China Environmental Science Society.
The expert, assistant director, led a study on medium- and long-term projections of energy consumption, and the editor-in-chief published and published China's Energy Outlook 2060;
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Financial Sciences, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical sector.
Liu Xing, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 to work on the petrochemical component, which has no connection with, has no connection with, and will not be directly or indirectly related to, the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the Sindha Securities Corporation.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.