China Sea Oil (600938.sh) / China Sea Oil (0883.hk): Coat cost advantage – China Sea Oil
Three-quarterly reviews in 2025 took stock: low oil prices affected corporate revenue, oil and gas production continued to grow, and business earnings were reduced by the same amount as those of Hong Kong’s investment holding company, which was trading.
The company’s resilience is highlighted by the drop in the prices of conventional oil and gas operations, shale oil and gas operations, and oil sand operations and oil and sand operations. For the first three quarters of 2025, the average current price of tar was $69.914/other non-conventional oil and gas operations.
Drums, 14.6 per cent lower than in the same year; the main cost of barrel oil was $27.35/bail equivalent, 2.8 per cent lower than in the same year; oil and gas production continued its upward trend, exceeding expectations. Oil production was 444.1 million barrels, an increase of 5.37 per cent compared with the previous year.
The Trade Division is engaged in the trade of crude oil, gas, etc. The Department is mainly in China, Canada, the United Kingdom, Nigeria, and natural gas production of 777.5 million barrels, an increase of 11.63 per cent over the same period.
In the first half of the year, revenues from oil and gas sales amounted to RMB 25,548 million, a decline of 5.9 per cent compared to the previous quarter, three years before 2025, and continued to increase exploration efforts to boost oil and gas reserves. In the first three quarters of 2025, the company insisted on finding large and medium-sized oil and gas reserves.
In the first three quarters, the company obtained 5 new discoveries and successfully evaluated 22 oil- and gas-bearing structures. In the third quarter, a total of 4 hydrocarbon-containing structures were successfully evaluated. Of these, 10-6 cultivation benefits were evaluated successfully, and a continuous expansion of the storage model was expected to become a medium-sized oil field; 17-2 mary water was evaluated successfully, and the development of integrated rolling reserves was significant.
In the production sector, there were 14 new projects in the first three quarters of 2025. In the third quarter, there were 4 new projects in production, including the 10-2 oil field development project (phase I), the 1-1 gas field development project in the east (sector 13-3).
The figure is about 86 billion yuan, a decrease of 9.8 per cent in the same year. This is mainly due to the lower volume of work on construction projects compared to the previous year.
Risks: (3) exposure to exchange rate fluctuations and foreign exchange controls: (4) forward-looking judgment of hydrocarbon prices and actual emergence of the source of financial prosperity in the East
China Sea Oil (600938.sh)/China Ocean Oil (0883.hk): The strength of barrel oil costs has been consolidated, oil and gas have continued to grow.
Mowenyu covers research in the fields of energy, electricity, and utilities.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
China Sea Oil (600938.sh)/China Sea Oil (0883.hk): The cost advantages of barrel oil are consolidated, and the fuel and gas production increase is not guaranteed that the information and recommendations contained in the report will not change. We have tried to report objective and fair information, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.