Capital advantage drives asset re-evaluation, exposure to investment business risks, wider issuance of securities (000776.sz) overall high qualifications, exposure to investment business risks, and asset re-evaluation as a result of managerial advantage
The company, as a head-biller, has a better overall business profile, has passed the penalty period for investment risk events, has a clear business risk, and has returned to aa in 2021 with a new management team that is both internal and more young. The company’s Open Equity Fund and the Fédération Fund are top-notchs, asset management has clear advantages, both of them.
The Fund ' s profits contribute more than 15 per cent, the profit contribution is expected to continue to rise with the expansion of the public fund-raising market, the profit contribution from the missing wealth management portfolio is expected to stabilize at more than 30 per cent, the value of the revalued asset advantage, our split of the bond company ' s wealth management business with other operations, and the company ' s 41 per cent dynamic revaluation premium rate.
• The advantages of managing a business are significant, with one-off controls having a leading role: the company operates a bond management business through a broad-based fund, and the public fund-raising industry through an extensive fund-raising fund and a large number of other entities.
With a multi-star fund manager, the size of the non-capital base at the end of 2021h1 is trillion; the holding fund, the Open Fund, is growing rapidly, with the size of the non-capital fund rising from 13 in the industry to 3 in the period 2016-2020, and the advantages of two funds in wealth management are highlighted, with exposure to investment risks.
(i) The company began its investment advisory business at an early stage in 2011, with a four-wheel drive of science and technology finance, wealth management, institutional brokering and integration, and continued to deepen the transformation of wealth management.
The advantages of wealth management are highlighted in the number-ranked industry. (2) Prior to the risk event, the company ' s ipo was ranked second in 2017 in the size of the ipo industry, and the company was penalized as the principal underwriter for financial fraud in the Conmé pharmaceutical industry. The penalty period has passed, the company has resumed the ipo and bond underwriting business, and the classification evaluation for 2021.
Aa is re-established, risks are cleared, and the venture is expected to be gradually back on track. 1,a+h shares are listed companies, with clear management advantages of 1.1, growing strength and stronger operations.
In 2001, the company was transformed into a limited company with a registered capital of 2 billion yuan. In 2010, the company was listed through a reverse acquisition of the long side road. In 2015, the company paid in Hong Kong.
Without real control, Gilling, Liaoningdong, and Nakayama are the first three shareholders. The company’s equity structure is fragmented, with no real control, and the former three shareholders Gilling and his co-operators, Liao Ningng and his co-operators,
The share of the company ' s a and h shares in the company ' s total stock is 18.06%, 17.94%, and 10.34% respectively. The company ' s first shareholder, Gilling, is a private business, providing market-based incentives for the company.
The asset management business includes the full-fledged subsidiary ' s extensive management of 54.53 per cent of the Fund ' s shares and 22.65 per cent of the Fonda Foundation ' s shares, as well as the management changes of both the HNS and the HSK and the AZO, respectively. The new management team came from within and was even younger. In July 2021, Mr. Sun Jie Ming became a member of the Fund.
He resigned as Chairman of the Board of Directors, resigned as Chairman of the Open-ended Fund, resigned as Vice-President of the Board of Directors of Robinhua and Yang Long, and as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company, Lin Yuhui, who was formerly Deputy Director General of the Open-ended Fund, Xinjiang, former Chief Risk Officer, Lee Xin, former Assistant Director of the Corporation, and Xu Yu Jun.
Four deputy general managers, all of whom were promoted internally and younger, benefited from the construction and competitiveness of the corporate talent ladders. Annual classification ratings were aa level, declining in 2019 and 2020 as a result of the classification of penalty incidents.
The firm’s classification rating for 2021 is back to aa at the end of the penalty period. The advantages of the portfolio, brokerage, and financing categories are prominent.
Prior to the investment risk event, stock underwriters were among the top companies in the industry in 2017-2019, subject to CSRC sanctions, and in 2020, the number of investors in the industry grew faster and rose higher than the industry average. In 2018, the market affected the company’s revenues fell.
In 2019, the market rebounded, with both business earnings and net return profits growing rapidly, +49/+27 per cent in 2019 and 2020, and net profits + 75/+33 per cent. From 2017 to 2020, roe was higher than the line-up of the higher share of company fees and net interest.
As a result, the revenue from fees is higher, the revenue ratio and net interest differentials are higher, the overall net interest rate is higher, driving the roll-out of roe, while fee-based operations dominate and management has significant advantages.
High, 2021q1 fees earned 56.9% and higher than industry averages, with a higher share of managed business, a higher share of wealth management in 2020, and a faster share of investment management. Corporate business consists mainly of investment banks, wealth management, transactions, and institutions and investment management, with wealth management including retail brokering, financial production.
The management of investments includes asset management, public funds and private funds. From 2014 to 2020, corporate wealth management operations dominated, accounting for 42% of the total in 2020, and investment management continued to increase, while 2, asset management: significant advantages, with one factor at the top.
The company’s operations consist of three major units, which operate through a fully owned subsidiary’s extensive management of securities, and a public fund with a controlling subsidiary’s Open Fund (54.53%) and a participating company’s Fédération Fund (22.65%), as well as a fully-owned subsidiary’s wide-ranging private fund-raising operations.
From 2013 to 2020, corporate management revenue rose steadily, from $210 million to 2.1 per cent, and securities management operations: the first South China region, with a high management scale, was the first South China voucher firm, with full business coverage.
The Ministry of Science, a fully-owned subsidiary under the umbrella of widely issued securities, was established on 2 January 2014 as the first securities firm in South China, an asset management company, with some pre-emptive advantages.
In 2020, the size of management recovered, with the company as a whole aum ranking among the top industry. In 2018, companies continued to increase their share of active management under the new regulations. Since 2018, companies have continued to increase their share of active management since the new regulations.
Large-scale management roe is high and future profit contributions are expected to increase. After 2018, the company aum has fallen, but the net profits have remained stable overall, the profits contribution in 2019 and 2020 are rising in size and proportion of the company, the net profits of the company and the profits of the roe are expected to continue to rise and the profits contribute.
2.2. Public fund-raising operations: strong, one-size-fits-all industry leaders. Wide fund. Rapid growth and consolidated strength.
The company's products are well-lined, and its products cover active interests, bonds, overseas investments, passive investments, quantitative hedges, alternative investments, etc. With excellent combinations, the company has received seven prizes from the Chinese Securities Journal, the Gold Cow Fund Management Corporation.
Nine issues of the Securities Times “Star Fund Management” award, and five years of the Shanghai Securities Journal “Gold Fund: Top Award.” The size of the non-funds and the market occupancy rate have increased rapidly. 2014-2021h1, the size of the Open Fund's non-capital management has been increasing, and figure 10: Management is increasing and market occupancy continues to rise
Figure 11: A rapid increase in the average monthly size of the non-base fund, with a higher share of profit contributions and a higher share of profit contributions. From 2014 to 2020, the net profits of the Open Fund grew from an expansion to a strong corporate momentum, and city occupancy is expected to rise further, leading to a sustained increase in profit contributions, while
Highroe is expected to drive the roll-up of widely distributed securities.
The Alfonda Foundation was established in April 2001 and, as of the end of June 2021, the total assets management of the company was close to $2.5 trillion, the largest public fund management company in the country.
Since its inception, the Fédération Fund has achieved a total return of 751.7 per cent, an annualized return of 11.12 per cent, and a simple average annualized net worth increase of 16.49 per cent since its inception, well above the annual rate of 2.51 per cent of the index cited above for the same period.
The company’s index business was well organized and competitively competitive. The company began to develop in 2004 when it issued the first business start-up panel.
Comprising broad-based index products and including industry subject indexes, companies currently have 133 index-type funds (including category C), the number of products ranked first, the abundance of product line layouts added to the higher size, the Figunda index base, the convergence of gold at the brand level, 2014-2021h1, the size of corporate index funds maintained up-to-date, and the market share maintained relatively high
A star fund manager is expected to lead to a sustained expansion of the size of the company. Of these, she has a number of star fund managers, of whom she has been a fund manager for eight years, with a total return of 400 per cent over eight years, an annual return of 19.9 per cent, and a high market gain, with a total return of 337 per cent, exceeding $100 billion in management.
As the company’s size continues to grow, Roe and profit contributions are expected to go further in the future. And, by the end of 2020, two fund companies combined contributed aum 44.4 billion, or +92%, when asset management was larger.
In the future, the size of the public-raising market is expected to continue to expand, the head effect is becoming more apparent, the concentration of the industry continues to rise, the Fonda and the Open Development Fund have a leading role, the future market share is expected to continue to rise, and the business advantage is expected to expand further, contributing stable aum and net profits to the company, and the profit share is expected to continue to rise.
2.3 Private equity investments: The scale of management continues to rise The scale of investment is high and the scale of the investment continues to rise.
Capitalization (ipo and M & As) has resulted in China’s private equity investment agency (PSI) ranking on several occasions at the top of 50, and China’s equity investment agency in 2020. By the end of February 2020, Hiroshimoto had accumulated more than 30 billion assets and now managed more than 10 billion.
With long private equity investment cycles and a combination of market and ipo rhythms, there was a greater volatility in the spread of the profits in 2013-2020, with a net profit of $920 million in 2020 and a profit of 9.2% as a result of capital market reforms, such as the rising size of governance and the fall of the entrepreneurship register.
With a sustained release, the exit of the equity market will be further widened, and private equity investment operations are expected to generate greater profits, thereby increasing the profit ratio.
The net revenue from the investment management division is reduced by the net revenue from the management of the assets and the net income from the fund. The net income from the remaining fees is expected to be contributed by the wide distribution of the letter, while the return on investment is expected to be mainly contributed by the wide distribution of the letter, etc., from 2017 to 2020, with the ratio of the investment return to the two parts of the revenue from the wide distribution of the letter.
3. Wealth management business: early transformation, with pre-existing advantages, early transformation of wealth management, early launch of four-wheel drive-drive deepening of wealth management transformation. Companies began developing their investment consultancy business well ahead of 2011.
The platform, accounts, payments, products, transactions and full web-based business chain providers of 24/7 response services, the establishment of mobile phones, online terminals, page transactions, official micro-letters and gold-picking platforms in 2014, the launch of Internet platforms in 2015 and the launch of new waves, 100 degrees, and the completion of the Beta robotic investment system in 2016.
Since 2017, companies have continued to deepen their finances through a four-wheel drive of science and technology finance, wealth management, institutional brokering and integration.
Created a product at the wealth management headquarters to build and complete the Beta Cow robots, terminals, and five major Internet financial terminals.
Research Center, competitive development of investment consultancy in the market
Connect 7x24-hour real time.
New models, investment management platforms, integration of corporate clients across the country
Manager and investment consultant resources, and, uh, extensive funding, the Fonda Foundation, and so on, connect it from the bottom of the line to the line.
The Ministry of Retail Industry has reformed the technology finance, finance, a one-stop electric power provider, and co-operates with the new wave, the 100%, and so on.
Development of a “gold key” system, four rounds of rich management, agency brokerage and integration to “question-and-answer” and off-site
Driven by creating wealth driven by customer demand Brokering by managing product systems and building private bank customers
(b) Measures such as the system of services, optimization of the layout of the network.
The company has been working on a multi-level network since 2013.
The number of businesses increased from 204 to 283, with networks spread across the country's provinces, while companies promoted services Internetization, the use of Internet platforms to channel flows, and the number of mobile phone securities users increased from 7.5 million in 2015 to 121 in 2020, representing 43 per cent of the total and 14 per cent of the profit contribution.
Figure 24: Highest profits in the Guangdong Regional Department of Operations, 2020: diversified revenue structure of brokering and relatively higher income share of sales. From 2017 to 2020, the revenue structure of corporate brokerage gradually diversified, with retail commissions falling from 86 per cent to 77 per cent, and surrogate revenue ratio and machine ratio
The share of revenue from commissions has increased. Among comparable securities dealers, the share of revenue from wide distribution securities sales is only lower than the share of the Chinese securities and the Chinese gold companies, and is relatively high in the second echelons. The scale of sales has steadily increased, with companies selling 70.8 billion yuan in 2020, of which the size of the sales fund is that of the sales fund.
In 2020, the market was better, the public market expanded considerably, the corporate surrogate fund was 73.4 billion yuan, the fund retained the highest ranking in the industry, and the wealth management advantages were highlighted. 2021q1 and 2021h1 companies ranked first in the industry, and the non-capital stock at the end of 2021h1 was 84.1 billion yuan in the city.
At 0.61%, the company’s wealth management transition was earlier, with the early establishment and refinement of the Internet financial terminal within the industry, the early establishment of a customer-centred service system, and the preponderance of wealth management.
Production allocation is proposed to help companies move from traditional license-based business to new wealth management strategies. Companies are highly motivated in terms of investment numbers and qualifications, with 3829 clients ranked first in the industry in August, 33.2% in companies, and second only to Huatai securities in the head of securities, while companies invest in financial services.
The industry has an average of more than eight years of experience and a strong investment team. Investments: risk is clear, business is expected to get back on track.
Since 2016, the CSRC has seen a decline in revenues and profits. Since 2017, the market-wide equity fund has been on the whole.
The penalty period has passed and the company's business will be gradually back on track. On 19 January 2021, the company resumed its offer, and on 19 July 2021, the company resumed its bond underwriting. The penalty period was passed, while the company had 7 ipo reserves, 178 company underwriters, and the industry was ranked 11 in the expected future.
On the one hand, public investment has been lost as a result of the continuing depressed market environment and increased volatility; on the other hand, the interest income on the investment of creditors has been moved from the return on investment to the net income on interest, as a result of the adjustment of accounting rules. After 2019, the market environment has warmed up and corporate investment returns have increased, with financial output in 2020.
In the last two years, corporate investment in financial products has remained stable overall. In 2018, corporate investment in financial products has been on a scale that has been rising steadily since 2019, with higher rates of corporate returns.
Value-based investment thinking, mainly with blue equity and science and technology units, with better position control based on market fluctuations, while generating investment returns from enterprises and joint ventures)/ (transactional financial assets + other equity instrument investments + derivative financial assets)
Shares of $9.3 billion, or +42%, were larger than before. Compared to their counterparts, corporate traded financial assets were smaller, stock sizes were smaller, directional and self-employed, and styles were more robust.
Figure 39: Significant increase in the size of traded financial assets in 2020
Merchant securities, Héton securities, Hwathai securities, Hsieng Hsien Hsien, Taijun An, and China-China investment. pb/roe is below the average of comparable companies.
The overall business is better qualified, the investment risk penalty period has passed, the risk profile has been cleared, the classification rating has been re-rated in 2021, and the new management team has come from within and has become more young, and the overall business has come to the fore.
Profit contributions are more than 15%, profit contributions are expected to continue to rise with the expansion of the public-raising market, future wealth management profits are expected to stabilize at over 30%, management advantages bring value revaluation, and we will increase the company’s performance less than expected.