Voltae securities (601688): three-quarter review in 2019 Investment driven, slightly outperforming performance Events: 3-quarter company reports in 2019, yielding business income of $17.75 billion in the first three quarters, a year-on-year increase
41.8 per cent longer; net profit attributable to the mother, which increased by 43.8 per cent over the same period, corresponds to a gain of 0.75 per cent per share; Net profit achieved by the company, which increased from +43.8 per cent to +64.4 billion per year, mainly as a result of market warming since 2019, and income earned from self-investment operations, which increased significantly from +104.2 per cent to +5.95 billion per year.
Companies are actively exploring diversification strategies, using financial instruments and derivatives flexibly to spread risk and smooth investment gains. Moreover, companies place great emphasis on research on advanced technologies such as big data and artificial intelligence, investing in data trading and promoting the scaling of transactions and profits, and are expected to adopt them in the future.
There is a strong growth in the performance of science and technology, leading the way in wealth management, a marked improvement in business, and a reverse growth in the proactive management of capital upgrading. Hundreds of millions of dollars (market turnover equal to +34.0%), and the share of brokerage companies always running the same business.
Continuous upgrading of proactive investment management capacity and product creation capacity, 19q1-3 realization of operating income from capital management capital enhancement, and extension of the impact of the internationalization of gdr support. 1) Net equity fund-raising by corporate non-public development firms in 2018, $14.1 billion, will be fully used to replenish corporate capital and operating capital
This month's successful listing at the New Deal in the United States of America provides a powerful match between global resources for wealth management transitions, 1 and " Wathai Securities " (601688): Performance table, a key step in the internationalization of development. 3) The company gdr made a deal in London in June 2019.
In line with the expectation that the foreign market will raise $1.65 billion in net funds, 60 per cent of which will be used for international business development, it is proposed to increase the registered capital of Watai King (Hong Kong) from HK$8.8 billion to no more than HK$10.8 billion.
2 Washington Securities (601688): Self-employment further strengthens cross-border connectivity. gdr returns cause short-term stock price disturbance, but from a long-term perspective, investment drags and wealth management is reshaped.
The release of gdr will help companies to accelerate internationalization and enhance international competitiveness.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: companies outperformed their performance in the first three quarters of 2019, and this is a warmer market.
Driven by the growth of self-investment. The transformation of corporate wealth management is moving fast, and international operations are expanding steadily, in volume and performing better than their counterparts.
H.E. Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has the status of a securities investment advisory committee.