The three-quarter review of self-investment elasticity, the creation of a board to promote investment marginality, the release of a three-quarterly report on the Wathai bonds, the collection of $17.8 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 41.8 per cent for yoy.
Net gains of $6.4 billion, 43.8% for yoy and 2.4 billion and 80.5% for companies in 30 seasons. This year, the equity market as a whole showed better elasticity, and the company’s revenue from brokering grew faster as the volume of market transactions increased.
In credit operations, companies focus on risk control, proactively reduce the size of equity pledges, and at the income end reduce the factors of corporate ownership.
The company actively embraces the Internet and technology, has a better overall base, the relevant gdr arbitrage has disappeared, and the previous valuation is reasonable. On the whole, we rate the “buyer” with a net gain of $6.4 billion.
In the first three quarters, 17.8 billion dollars were collected, yoy 41.8 per cent increased, net gain by 6.4 billion, yoy by 43.8 per cent and companies by 2.4 billion and yoy by 80.5 per cent during the 3q quarter. Self-investment ends are resilient: at the income end, self-investment is flexible for performance since this year.
The main drivers are: 6 billion dollars in self-investment returns between 1-302019 and 104 per cent for yoy, of which 30 billion dollars in the quarter, 86.2 per cent for yoy, and the investment end, which continues to be good at 3q. Corporate brokerage and financial security increased by 19.0 per cent, and corporate revenues continued to grow faster in the context of the new regulations.
Portfolios and credit operations show a slight pressure: 4.4 to 1.2 billion less net revenue, volume-related; credit operations, arising from company initiatives to adjust the size of equity pledges, 30 single seasons, 40 to 400 million less net credit operations revenue, falling in the first three quarters of this year
17.1 to 1.7 billion. gdr has no arbitrage: the company ' s share price was previously under pressure from gdr, but in the current situation, the arbitrage has disappeared: as of 29 October, the Wathai securitiesa
Prices, associated arbitrage, and stock price repression are diminishing. Profit predictions and investment proposals: At present, the regulatory level is clearly and vigorously developing direct financing, increasing capital market transformation, and we believe that a more basic HALSE would be a better target for benefits.
As we see, the company's performance meets our expectations. We expect companies to achieve net access to Internet companies as strategic investors by 2019 and 2020. From an operational point of view, companies are better marketed than their counterparts (through a career manager system reform).
This report is written by the Group Credit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd., and the investment services provided by the Group Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. are not... personal clients. This report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued.
The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd., and its subsidiaries and their subsidiaries may use it before receiving it, or on the basis of information or research, may take any action. The Group Credit Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not take any action with regard to the use of this report.
The information and opinion on the content of the report may or may not be changed before the notice is given. A group of coupons (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees may be able to account for the description in the report; @special opinions or standing, or buying, selling or offering the certificate described in the report.
30 October 2019