The stock market has grown considerably, and gdr has had a pre-emptive advantage.
The company disclosed three quarterly reports in 2019, during which it achieved operating income of $17.75 billion, an increase of 41.78 per cent over the same period.
The net return on self-employment was reported in three quarters at $5,922 million, an increase of 179.47 per cent over the previous year, with a further reduction in the size of the technology-enhanced wealth, which was 17,685 million yuan in re-sale financial assets as of 2019q3, down from the same period the previous year.
The decline was accompanied by a growing market share of companies, with the third quarterly report revealing that 60,649 million yuan had been released, a year-on-year increase; coupons: brokering continued to lead, brokering abroad grew steadily, and investment revenues improved.
The company reported revenue from brokering for three quarters of $3.217 billion, an increase of 21.86 per cent. In 2019, the market turned back, with a cumulative stock base of 106.5 billion in the previous three quarters, exceeding the total of 2018, and the same-year increase in corporate brokering was lower than the increase in market transactions, mainly due to a fall in commission rates.
Revenues for the business sector increased by 2,188 million yuan, or 18.78 per cent, roughly at the same rate as in the Central Report, and continued to grow in reverse in the face of the adverse impact of the new regulations on the industry’s continued contraction. As the first company sponsor to be listed on the board, the Hua Thai Stock Exchange Fund, which benefited from the depth of its operations, the third quarterly report generated $1.2 billion, which was 4.38 per cent lower, compared to 4.38 per cent higher.
(-25%)
The largest ipo, which increases capital strength while promoting international business development. According to the offer statement, 60% of this gdr fund-raising will be used to support international business development, and it is proposed to increase the registered capital of the Washington International Finance Holdings Ltd. from HK$8.8 billion to no more than HK$10.8 billion for its offshore operations and related investments.
The cross-fertilization of securities – the trans-shipment of securities – marks a real two-way conversion of the two markets through cross-border conversion mechanisms, and has gained experience in the follow-up of Chinese-owned gdr issues.
Unexpected growth of offshore operations; risk of fluctuations in commission rates for brokering; risk of large market fluctuations; peripheral environment; Institute sales team, Xu Jialine
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.