The company evaluation report  The securities industry Wednesday, 30 October 2019
The three-quarter performance growth has been steady, and the vanguard advantage has been highlighted □ on October 30, 2019, a three-monthly report issued by the Huatai Securities, which achieved business income of $17,750 million, an increase of 41.78 per cent, compared with the corresponding increase of $41.43 billion, a net return to the mother, an increase of 43.77 per cent.
□ Markets are turning back and wealth management is moving faster. During the same period last year, the base was low and three seasons were warmer, corporate brokerage revenues were kept up for three quarters, brokerage revenues were raised, month-to-month activity was high, flows were more successful, and new patterns of customer operations were developed for online and offline integration.
Strong. Against a backdrop of declining levels of commission rates in the industry, companies have transformed their wealth management operations into integrated financial services with a sustained lead in wealth management and financial technology, with a positive outcome. □ investment returns have increased considerably.
It's the first company to be listed at the drop-off, port, and Lon trading offices, and on June 20, it issued a gdr replenishment to expand the company's overseas layout.
The company’s capital strength has increased its influence in European markets. Because of the market arbitrage between the two markets, gdr can be converted into a share sale for 120 days on the market, affecting short-term stock price volatility in Walter’s securities. But as the market price gap between the two markets has narrowed, there is currently no arbitrage across the market.
It was compressed. A subsidiary, Aseetmark, was placed on the market in July at the New York Post, and the company was also eligible to engage in brokering business in the United States, a series of capital operations that enabled the company to pre-empt internationalization and globalization and contribute to new profit growth points.
Investment proposals: Corporate brokering is well established, and brokering is technologically integrated. The positive development of Internet big data, the promotion of app audience groups, etc., brings a steady flow and an orderly transition to wealth management. At the same time, internationalization is leading, gdr is issued, and the sharemark is divided.
The company, as a front-runner, benefits 0.83/0.92 per year, corresponding to 21/19 times the price, and maintains a “recommended” rating. Macroeconomic growth is not as fast as expected; stock markets are weak; regulatory policy changes are significant, and offshore operations are evolving.
No change will occur. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report are given.
There is no interest in evaluating or recommending securities. My companies and their associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to offer investment banking services or other services.