Hu Hsiao-woo, the company published its first quarterly report in 2024 and achieved business income of $23.747 billion in the first quarter of 2024.
RMB, 58.22 per cent increase in the same year; RMB 332 million increase in the same year; RMB 22.22 per cent increase in the same year; RMB 23,747 million increase in the first quarter of 2024, or 58.22 per cent increase in the same year; RMB 332 million increase in the same year.
The scale of the business carry-over is related to an increase. The net profit increase of the parent is lower than the recovery rate, mainly due to: a 0.56 per cent drop in the Pete, a 1.29 per cent drop in the cost of corporate control; a 1.96 per cent increase in the year-on-year ratio, influenced by the industry as a whole, and a decline in sales volume, but sales
Shanghai, Chengdu, Fertilizer, Nanjing are all high-energy cities. In 2024, q1 additional earth reserves were set at $8,456 million, corresponding to a total land value of $9,912 million, resulting in an equity ratio of 85.32 per cent, of which two new plots in Shanghai and compost were taken over 100 per cent; new earth reserves were added.
The full-calibre floor cost is $20,766 per square metre, corresponding to 0.86, maintaining a high geologic ratio of 300 per cent, and the financing cost remains low: q1 in 2024, with the company issuing four short-term vouchers, total
As a result, the company's sales have declined in size, but its average sales prices have increased, resulting in higher prices. The company's new focus is on the core cities, with additional earth reserves maintaining a high equity ratio and a high-ground ratio, and land quality.
The Chinese Galaxy Securities Institute itself undertook to present this report in an independent and objective manner, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been the case in the past.
This report is made available to customers by Galactic Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities do not need to be treated as customers by recipients for receiving this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.