In 2018h1, the company achieved $3.289 billion in operating income, an increase of 36.24 per cent over the same period; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was $1,309 million.
(a) The net profit attributable to shareholders of listed companies netted off non-recurring gains and losses of $1,286 million, an increase of 38.57 per cent over the previous reporting period of $3.6 billion over the same period in the previous year, mainly due to the purchase of sqm shares and to the proposed distribution of h-shares project intermediaries;
The rise in sales prices and the volume of goods delivered was the main reason for the increase in corporate revenue \triangleright 2018h1, and the company ' s operating income increased by 36 per cent over the year by 24 per cent, mainly as a result of the increase in the price of products sold and the volume of goods delivered over the same period last year.
Of these, the company ' s revenues from lithium concentrate sales increased by 23.32 per cent over the same period the previous year, the Māori rate by 3.29 pct; the sales of lithium compounds and their derivatives by 44.40 per cent and the Māori rate by 4.62 pct over the same period the previous year.
During the reporting period \triangleright, the combined Māori rate of the company was 72.54 per cent, an increase of 3.9 per cent over the same period, and the company ' s Māori rate has remained at around 70 per cent in recent years, higher than the competitive rate of about 25 pct, mainly for the following reasons:
The company is self-sufficient in lithium raw materials as the world’s few producers that can fully integrate vertically. By holding shares in Telison, the company has the right to exploit the Green Bush lithium mine, which, according to Roskill, is the world’s largest hard rock lithium mine, with the highest and lowest taste of resources.
The cost of producing a chemical-grade lithium concentrate ensures cost advantages. In the future, with the completion of the sqm transaction, the advantage of the company’s raw material costs will be further raised and highlighted; 2) Companies will focus more on technological innovation in production, with a lower degree of automation, process maturity and product stability than their counterparts.
Production costs per unit of product: The strategic direction is to expand the operations of lithium concentrates and lithium compounds and their derivatives. The future expansion of the company's operations is mainly in the areas of lithium concentrates and lithium compounds and their derivatives products.
1) The company plans to increase the capacity of lithium concentrates by expanding production at Greenbush. Tyllison is currently building a second chemical-grade lithium concentrate plant, which is expected to increase the annual production of the chemical lithium concentrates at Greenbush by 600,000 tons after mid-2019;
In the case of lithium compounds and their derivatives, the company provides lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide, lithium chloride and lithium metal products mainly based on Sichuan shooting Hong, Jiangsujiang Harbour and Chongqing copper beam production bases.
The company plans to build a lithium carbonate production plant with an annual capacity of 20,000 tons in Suining City; 2) lithium hydroxide: the company is constructing a fully automated plant in Quanana, Australia, for the production of lithium hydroxide in battery-grade batteries, which is fully complete.
As these additional capacities are released, corporate profitability will increase further. As the world’s second-largest producer of lithium products, Asia’s largest producer, with significant advantages in terms of source and production technology, the company has guaranteed the technology and cost of its products.
Competing. Based on the outlook for the future of the new energy car market, companies have a clear capacity to expand the production of lithium concentrates and lithium compounds and their derivatives, the source of financial growth in the East, the source of financial growth in the East.
Yang Jom, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of portfolio research experience, good at capturing the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, briefing of the research assistant.
Liu Hui Shai is the researcher. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies