Upstream resources and medium-smelting synchronous expansion Date: 02nd of 09nd - Tianchi Lithium Industry (002466)
The Lithium Tin industry has increased its performance at full cost: 2018h1 has achieved a total of $2.39 billion in Maori, with 36.7 per cent and 63.2 per cent of the two plates of lithium concentrate and lithium compounds and their derivatives, respectively.
Māori grew at 42.0 per cent and 46.8 per cent, respectively, and the company’s performance on both panels grew at a more robust rate. The main reason for this growth was: 1) at the end of the line of income, higher prices for the company’s products and higher yields led to a significant increase in the company’s income. 2018h1 average price of lithium carbonate at the battery level in the country.
The general increase in production is about 20%, and the larger increase is in line with the growth of the company’s capacity in recent years in the aaaa cloudaluminium shares (000807). The main benefits are that all lithium concentrates needed for the company’s production are located in Australia.
At the same time, a 100% self-sufficiency rate for the raw material is not required for the company to assume a _aaa_Englian stock assessment (600114) and the price of the raw material increased during the period of the flue gas situation.
In order to stabilize, the increase in the main cost is due to an increase in production, supported by an increase of 19.3% in the main cost, and our assumption of a 20% increase in production. Outside the main business, the increase in management costs and financial costs, the purchase of sqm shares and the increase in the cost of intermediaries for the proposed distribution of the h share item, the increase in the financial cost is 1.25 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
The M & As 24% of the stock of sqm + expanding the capacity of greenbushushes, further sharpening the resource advantage: 1) M & A of sqm. The world’s leader in the lithium industry: the company recommences and buys 23.7% of the stock of sqm.
When the acquisition is completed, it will hold a share of 25.86%. The latter is the world ' s largest producer of lithium-based industrial products in 2017, owns the world ' s largest salt lake lithium resource, the Tacama Salt Lake, and the company has its own rights to Australia ' s greenbushes mine, which is the world ' s largest solid lithium concentrate.
Mine (lithium platinum ore). If the merger succeeds, the company will rely on two of the world's largest lithium resources (the mineral lithium plus the lithium salt lake) and will lead the world; 2) expand the capacity of the Great Greenbushes: on July 24, 2018, the company announced the construction of a further Green Bush No.
Three chemical-grade lithium concentrate production plants are expected to be operational in the fourth quarter of 2020, with an increase of 610,000 tons in the postnatal year; the second plant, which is currently under construction, will be operational by mid-2019, with an increase of 600,000 tons in the postnatal-natal-grade lithium concentrate.
This could raise the annual production of the Green Bush mine to about 1.95 million tons. The company’s resource reserves and capacity for mining have further consolidated its resource advantages, laying a solid foundation for the company’s future expansion of its medium-to-downstream operations.
● Total expansion of lithium hydroxide, lithium carbonate production capacity and lithium metal production capacity: The company currently has lithium salt production capacity of 5,000 tons of lithium hydroxide and 33,000 tons of lithium carbonate, which will reach 40,000 tons of lithium chemical production in 2018.
To be increased to 53,000 tons, lithium carbonate will be increased to 53,000 tons: 1) the company is building a fully automated plant for the production of lithium hydroxide in Quinana, Western Australia, with a capacity of 48,000 tons per postnatal year; 2) the company will build a battery level in the Antxon District of Suning City, with an annual output of 20,000 tons per year.
Lithium Carbonate Plants: 3) The company also plans to expand the production of lithium metal from the copper beam factory in Chongqing.The first coverage, based on a favourable view of the company’s resource advantages and the industry’s leadership, gives us a risk factor: the price of lithium concentrate and lithium salt has fallen dramatically; the project is not moving as fast as expected;
Product yields are less than expected.