Incident: The company published its semi-annual report in 2018 and earned $3.29 billion in operating income in the first half of 2018, the same amount as in the case of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre for Non-ferrous Metals.
Growth of 36.2%; realization of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $1.31 billion, an increase of 41.7% over the same period; growth in performance and profitability resulting from the increase in the volume and price of the company ' s lithium product; a significant increase in the performance of the company ' s 2018h1. The company ' s revenue from the sale of lithium concentrate increased by 23.3% over the same period the previous year.
The Māori rate increased by 3.3 percentage points: the proposed external acquisition of lithium compounds and their derivatives increased over the same period the previous year, resulting in a significant increase in the three fees. The company’s management and financial costs increased significantly in the first half of the year as a result of the company’s ongoing equity acquisition of sqm. Of this, the management costs of 2018h1 were 140 million, the same amount.
Intra-company growth and expansion of capacity in the lithium industry and middle- and middle-sized industries. In terms of upstream lithium resources, Telison is currently constructing a second chemical-grade lithium concentrate production plant, which will be operational by mid-2019, bringing about new production.
Lithium concentrate can be 600,000 tons. At that time, the Tyllison lithium concentrate can be increased to 1.34 million tonnes/year. On the mesocara side, the company is in the process of constructing two production lines for a total of 48,000 tons of battery-grade lithium hydroxide in Quinana, Western Australia, and is preparing to build a 20,000 tons of battery-grade lithium carbonate production line in the Sichuan Suingan settlement.
• The extended M & As arrangement, whereby the company intends to purchase approximately 23.77 per cent of the share of sqm for approximately $4.07 billion. According to the annual company lithium product, 497 million tonnes lce, accounts for 21.1 per cent of global lithium carbonate production, as measured by the Non-Ferrous Metals Association, this transaction will further consolidate the company’s industrial position and generate a sustainable long-term financial return.
Based on the 19-year industry average, and taking into account the company ' s flagship premium, we gave the company a slightly higher profile in 2019: the company ' s leader in the lithium industry, the former Sichuan Lithium salt plant, established in 1995, acquired by the Tianqi Group in 2004 and in 2010, was in deep contact.
In 2014, the company acquired 51% of the world’s largest lithium mine talison’s equity in upstream resources. At the same time, the company was expanding its processing capacity in the middle and middle. In 2015, the company acquired a production base in Zhang Jia Harbour in the Milky Way industry, and the capacity of lithium production increased from 17 to 34 million tons.
The company actually controls the Jiang Weiping family, with three persons holding more than 40 per cent of the company's shares combined.Figure 1: The company's equity structure The company's main business includes the development of solid lithium mine resources, the production of lithium chemical products and the three components of the lithium mine trade.
The main product varieties of companies ' subsidiaries include chemical-grade lithium concentrates, technical-grade lithium concentrates, industrial-grade lithium carbonate, battery-grade lithium hydroxide, battery-grade lithium hydroxide, waterless lithium chloride, metal lithium, etc., which are widely used in areas such as botanical ceramics, lithium batteries, lubricating resins and aerospace.
The company ' s performance: rapid increase in profitability The company ' s revenue grew steadily in 2013-2017, but the company ' s net profit was negative and its performance was in deficit in 2013 before the company acquired the talison in 2014. However, after the company ' s acquisition in 2014, the company ' s operating income and net profit from the parent
In particular, in 2016, as a result of the boom in the new energy automobile industry, which led to a rise in the price of lithium, the company industry, in terms of operating income and profitability, was the largest contributor of more than 65 per cent of its operations.3 The first half of the year was analysed: the volume increase boosted its performance in the first half of the year.
During the first half of 2018, the company achieved operating revenues of $3.29 billion, an increase of 36.2 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to the stockholdings of listed companies of $1.31 billion, an increase of 41.7 per cent over the same period; benefits from the sales volume and higher prices of the company's lithium products, with a significant increase in the company's performance.
Over the same period the previous year saw an increase of 23.3 per cent and an increase of 3.3 percentage points in the Māori rate; and the revenue from the sale of lithium compounds and their derivatives increased significantly during the first half of the year, with companies currently undertaking equity acquisitions against sqm. Of this, the management costs of 2018h1 increased by 140 million, or 35.6 per cent, and the financial costs of 130 million, or 1723 per cent, respectively.
The company currently has a number of important projects under construction that will gradually release capacity in the future. In terms of upstream lithium resources, Telison is currently building a second chemical-grade lithium concentrate production plant adjacent to the existing chemical-grade lithium concentrate production plant, which will start production in mid-2019 and will be able to increase the annual production of the chemical-grade lithium concentrate from the Greenbus mine by 600,000 tons.
Tylison lithium concentrates will increase to 1.34 million tonnes/year. For midstream processing, the company is in the process of building a 2-phase battery-grade lithium hydroxide production line in Kwinana, Western Australia, and is preparing to build a 20,000 battery-grade lithium carbonate production line in the Sichuan Suinginging-Hing area.
Assumption 1: The Tyllison lithium concentrate in the second quarter of 2019 can be increased to 1.34 million tonnes/year. Assumptions 2:588 tonnes/year in 2018 and 828 tonnes/year in 2019, respectively.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.