Two high expectations, confirmed profit points: company performance report issued in the first quarter of 2018. During the reporting period, the company achieved revenue of 823 million yuan, an increase of 54 per cent over the same period, and net profit return of 301 million yuan, an increase over the same period.
199. The assessment is as follows: Overexpected 1: Fund sales increased significantly during the reporting period, amounting to $163.8 billion, an increase of 117 per cent over the same period, and we estimate that corporate e-commerce earned about $300 million in 2018 q1.
In 2017, corporate fund sales were masked by the parent’s management costs and software business losses, resulting in markets underestimating corporate fund sales. But in practice, corporate fund sales are mature and have a steady profitability.
Because of the low marginal cost, the q1 fund has contributed about $100 million to the incremental profits, exceeding expectations: the on-line advantage highlights the higher-than-expected pre-tax profits of q1 companies in 2018.
The profit margin will continue to rise as the size of the company expands. The Division’s effective leverage rate is 1.86 times that of the industry’s average of 2.75, which is still very different from the industry’s average of 2.75.
So there's plenty of room for improvement. 2) Other business is more than expected. The company is already trying to do small loans and offshore business, and the company's public fund, insurance agent, and the great beneficiaries of the re-emergence of the market climate.
Prospective earnings and financial indicators: Thinking: Contest between Sky Fund and atj
From the point of view of the flow, we believe that Eastern wealth has accumulated over the years.
With a stable and sustainable ecological flow, as previously analysed. Moreover, the early advantage of the Sky Fund Network is not surprising.
2) Professionality is the advantage of natural funds, but Internetization is less than atj, although the company's Internet identity is more visible than that of traditional financial institutions, but it is more like a traditional financial institution before atj. Thus, than atj, the company's products are more professional, but they are experienced by users and in the community.
It's a little less elaborate. The Sky Fund has done a more in-depth research analysis of product information, product comparison, product style data, while the ant wealth is more concise than the product page. 3) The synergies of one-stop financial platforms cannot be ignored
In the age of the Internet, no Internet enterprise escapes from the question of how to deal with the competition of the big ones. But it's easy to solve the problem, which is to build a comparative advantage.
Financial services demand. Moreover, Dong-hee now has a more scarce portfolio, and as the Eastern Property Service system continues to improve, its advantages will become more pronounced, and it will be transformed from current traffic defenses to traffic attacks.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.