The incident company issued 23h1 financial reports, and the company 2023h1 achieved operating income of $1,148 million (youy:
The company has achieved operating income of 635 million yuan (yoy: 27.50%, qoq: +23.74%) and some of the factors that have led to an increase in competition on the Prince Road. In terms of cost rates, the cost of the 23h1 company is 469 million yuan.
In addition, companies have continued to focus on R & D inputs, increasing R & D inputs from year to year, with 23h1 companies spending $349 million on R & D, with a R & D cost of 30.39 per cent, 909 R & D personnel, or 70.96 per cent of the total number of company employees, and the number of research materials has continued to grow and expand in multi-market areas. As of 23h1, the Corporate Division has been awarded cumulatively.
One hundred and fifty-five patents (163 of which are patents on inventions), 194 integrated circuit layout designs, 115 certified trademarks. In the first half of the year, the company continued to invest in research and development and introduced more than 300 new products with fully autonomous intellectual property rights, including high-precision voltage benchmarks, high speeds with negative input voltage power.
Low-endar drive, high-synchronous pressure reduction chip, high-segregation high-bandwidth double-channel differential simulation switch, two-way charge pump, dc-dc depressurization chip based on autonomous research and development of anahp-cot-fb structure, four-channel amoled power source chip, synchronised dc-dc boost chip, pwm control linear modulator, input voltage
The company’s mature products are currently under industrial control, new energy vehicles, light, etc.
Voltage power, consumer electronics, and companies will continue to take advantage of their product performance and rapid market response, stay close to their customers, and further expand their share of domestic and foreign markets. Investment advice suggests that we consider companies to be leading players in domestic simulation chip areas, market demand, and markets.
Competing pressure, etc., leads to short-term pressure on the company’s performance, but taking into account the company’s long-term deployment of R & D inputs, the number and platform of materials facilitates continuous expansion, and looks at the future growth and growth space of the company.
Figure: pb-bands Summit, Master of Engineering in Electronics and Communications, Beijing Post and Telecommunications University, and Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Gilling University. Two years of work experience in electronics, six years of experience in securities, and former employment in the Ministry of Securities, National Security and the Beijing Trust. Joined the China Galaxy Securities Institute in 2022, acting as head of the e-team, mainly in hard-tech orientation studies.
Prince Lu, Master of Finance and Investment, University of Bristol, United Kingdom, Bachelor of Arts in Economics, University of Shandong, two years of experience in science and technology industry studies, joined the China Galaxy Securities Research Institute in 2020 for research in the electronics sector. I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
It has not been, is not and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.