Deep Farm Simulation Chip Area, 2023 q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q2 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1 Q1         @cfsc.com.cn
Companies are actively responding to changes, continuously increasing their investment in areas such as industry and automobile electronics, actively opening new markets, new customers, further improving supply chain management and cost controls, and striving to reduce the impact of external factors on the company ' s operations.
The company is a high-technology firm that focuses on high-performance, high-quality simulation integrated circuit research, development and marketing. The company focuses on simulation chip research and development.
In the two main areas of signalling chain and power management, product performance and quality against world class model manufacturers, some of the key performance indicators are better than foreign products of the same kind. In the first half of 2023, the company's R & D projects progressed well, with a total of more than 300 rolls full.
Inputs + binding core talent, continued expansion of product categories New products of autonomous intellectual property rights, including high-precision voltage benchmarks, negative input, long-term growth of Jang support, 2022-12-26
High-speed low-front fence drive with voltage power, high-efficiency synchronized pressure-relief chips, high-separation 2, St. State shares (300661: performance instrument, two-way charge pump, two-way charge separation switch, self-research based
As expected, the product class accelerated build-up dc-dc pressure chip, four-channel amoled screen source chip, synchronised dc-dc pressure chip, pwm control linear modemled led drive
*Secret *Secrets*, input 60v synchronous Buck controller, high-precision current detection amplifier, 30kv two-way esd protective device, 8-way 14-bit 1msps low-power adc
The year-by-year start-up lays the foundation for a year-by-year high growth, with 30 product categories that meet the diverse needs of clients.
The company released a draft equity incentive on 28 August, which was awarded 8.26 million copies for the first time, representing 1.77 per cent of the total stock value of the company at the time of the announcement of the incentive plan, and a total of 1112 persons, including the company ' s public, were given the incentive for the first time.
Senior managers, core managers and core technical cadres who worked in the company at the time of the Incentive Scheme were awarded a price of $66.00 per share. Successful implementation of the Equity Incentive Scheme can effectively stimulate motivation and dynamism and increase corporate cohesion.
This incentive allows companies to capture the flexibility and effectiveness of their talent incentives in different time cycles and business environments, and to take ownership of the competition of industry excellence.
As a result of global macroeconomic fluctuations and the weakening of consumer electronic demand, we have downgraded the company's most full-blown analogue company, which continues to build up its research and development, continues to roll out new products, and gives a “buy-in” rating of investment.
Introduction by Electronics Group Mao Jianxian: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in a global advanced process for leading semiconductor manufacturers, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, employment in 2018-2020
Ko Yong-hoon: Dr. Physics from the University of Kyotan, who worked in China as Technology Ltd., Eastern Wealth Certificate, Luzhoyang: Master of Arts from the National University of Australia, who worked in Fangzheng Seok with four years of experience, reflects my research views. I have no reason, no reason, and I will not be pushed into this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.