Performance Summary: Companies achieved operating income of $280.0 billion (+16.2 per cent) in the first three quarters of 2022, net return to the mother ' s profit, low sales performance: Companies increased by 16.2 per cent in the first three quarters of 2022, mainly due to their own income.
Since 2022, the company’s rare earth products as a whole have risen exponentially. A single quarter shows a decline in corporate q3 revenues on a year-on-year basis, and the impact of lower sales on revenue offsets the positive increase in prices on a year-on-year basis, thereby causing a drag on revenue collection. The company’s q3 harvest fell by 23.7%, mainly due to a decline in ring prices and a decline in sales of rare earth products: 1)
In terms of prices, the growth of the second batch of indicators of extraction and smelting separation and the weakening of downstream demand have together led to a decline in the main sales of q3 for rare earth oxides and rare earth salt products (49.4 per cent, 29.1 per cent, respectively), presumably due mainly to lower-end iron masonry millers downstream of rare earth products.
The demand for high-priced rare earth products has contracted, and three quarters have been reduced for wind power, air conditioning, etc., and the overall demand for the end has weakened, making sales of rare earth products less available upstream. We believe that, with the warming of the downstream demand for new energy vehicles, wind power, etc., the sales of rare earth products are expected to rise more than ever.
Product structure optimization increases profitability: 2022q3 Māori sales ratio, net interest rate ring ratio +10.1 pcts/+2.7 pcts to 35.0 per cent/19.8 per cent, with a significant increase in product profitability. The company ' s q3 Māori ring ratio has been significantly reduced by two quarters of rare earth products; 2) product structure optimization is mainly due to an increase in corporate sales of q3 polish.
43.5% long, while rare earth oxides and rare earth salts have fallen by 49.4% and 29.1% respectively, the share of high-value-added products has helped the company to improve overall profitability. The net interest rate ring increase of company q3 was lower than the Māori rate predominantly because: 1) the company claimed a loss of 402 million yuan in asset impairment at q3; 2) net return on investment was 150 million yuan from q2 million
(a) The higher gain resulted in a lower base and a 0.55 pcts increase in R & D cost ratio, mainly due to the growth in corporate R & D inputs;
The aggregate control targets for separation were 210,000 tons, 202,000 tons (+25.0 per cent, +24.7 per cent respectively), slightly higher than the previous 2021 reports: volume and boost performance, rare earth dragon tons, 41.2 per cent and 43.8 per cent, respectively, respectively, with quotas increasing faster than industry.
The increase ranged from 6.8 pcts to 74.2 per cent, with a further increase in market occupancy rates, which occupy the leading global position of our country and, indeed, that of the Sino-China Securities Company, in the volume of rare earth products;
The vertical extension of the industrial chain and the competitive advantages of the whole chain are highlighted: in recent years, through vertical extension, firms have been involved in a wide range of downstream operations in rare earth chains, which have now resulted in industrial structures based on rare earth resources, smelting apart as a core, new material areas with a focus on new materials, and end-use as an extension orientation.
The cost of raw materials in the field of soil-functional materials and downstream end-uses is generally higher in value added for downstream products, and business-wide profitability is expected to increase as the product structure continues to optimize. Companies have resource advantages, scientific advantages, and full-chain advantages that effectively construct their integrated competitive barriers in rare earth industries, while at the same time expanding downstream operations into the industrial chain.
It also dilutes the company’s resource-marketing attributes to some extent. The diversified business layout is expected to open up a wider room for growth by providing new industrial opportunities for the company;
Performance, and the vertical extension of the company’s industrial chain will improve the product structure, and overall profitability is expected to increase further.
Figure 5 Single-quarter financial data The new material team for Chinese air securities: specializes in new materials and macrocycle studies, building on the strong industrial background of the Chinese air industry group, focusing on new aviation materials and gradually expanding to new energy materials, light-quantified materials, etc., to form track-based industry chain coverage and tracking, focusing on integration, forming a second-tier market synergy at the operational level.
This report is not intended to be sent, or to be available, or to be used for any area, country, or other area of jurisdiction in which China Securities Limited and its associated companies have violated local laws or regulations, or have caused Chinese securities to be subject to laws or regulations. The copyrights of the material in this report are, unless otherwise indicated, Chinese securities.
The information, tools and materials contained in this report shall not be made available to any other person by any means, or by means of a copy of the material, contents or copies thereof; they shall not be made available to you for reference purposes other than as an invitation to sell, purchase or subscribe to securities or other financial instruments or an invitation to another person.