Three-quarter review 2022: Good performance, promising future growth with non-ferrous metals and small metals, with flat and flat prices. Three-quarter review 2022, rare earth needs are running weakly.
Two sets of indicators are more abundant, with a downward trend in the price of oxidium, which has dropped from $81.26 million per ton in July to $643.6 million per ton in September. During the first quarter of the third quarter, the company achieved operating income and a stable supply of resources with cost advantages.
The company regularly enters into a 52-week contract for the supply of rare/minimum earth concentrates, taking into account a combination of factors to agree on the price of rare earth concentrates and the total amount of the transaction.
At the end of June, the company issued a price-fixing announcement but failed to recite the stockholders’ meeting. Indicators grew significantly, and sustained growth was sustainable.
Volume control indicators have also continued to grow, with the company maintaining its quota at a faster rate as the leader of the industry, relying on the resources of the White Cloud Obo mine. In 2022, the Northern rare earth mining target was 60210 tons and 81,440 pieces of the national total light and rare earth mining indicator was 74.2 per cent.
The industry’s short-term disturbances do not change long-term development. The market price for oxidium fell to a part of the enterprise’s cost line in August, owing to weak demand; the market mentality improved and prices rebounded in September as the season approached;
In North Rare Earth (600111.sh)-2022, a mid-point evaluation was reported: performance was up, orders for the second half of the year were underback and prices were on the verge of shock. But, in the medium and long term, the rapid growth of new energy vehicles led to a significant increase in demand for rare earth.
And, with the commercialization of human robots, the Northern rare earth 600111-Magnificent Events Rapid Assessment: Premium Prices Landed, Performance Growth
The process is accelerating, and the future is expected to be another important growth point in the consumption of rare earth permagnets. The rare earth industry is supplied in a sequenced and highly concentrated manner, and its value is expected to be revalued, driven by high-growth demand.
The company’s mining quota is growing faster than expected. Investment proposal: As the demand for magnets erupts, rare earth values are revalued. Companies, as industry leaders, have a strong source of capital, and quotas continue to grow. Given the weak performance of the sector’s demand, we lower to 2022.
In the third quarter of 2022, the rare earth demand was weak and the second supply of resources was stable and cost-effective. The packed steel group owned the largest and uniquely large polymetallic symbiosis of China’s rare earth, iron, sorghum, and so on.
From the structure of the industrial chain, the rare earths of the North are not selected, and the raw earth concentrates are purchased from the shares of the steel packs. The raw materials used in the production of the rare earth concentrates are the tailings of the nectar ore of the Obo ore, and the process of selecting the iron ore is cost-constrained and the supply of the resources is stable.
The company regularly enters into a rare earth ore supply contract with the steel stock, which, depending on the price of rare earth market products, agrees on the price of rare ore ore ore ore ore ore and the total amount of the transaction, taking into account, inter alia, processing rates and rare earth ore quality requirements, taking into account the market price of rare ore carbonate ores and the average profit of the industry.
From that date, the price of rare earth concentrates was adjusted to $26,887.20 per ton without taxes (dry volume, re0 = 51 per cent). At the end of June, the company issued an offer announcement but failed to pass the shareholders meeting.
In recent years, as demand for rare earth has grown at a high rate, so has the control of rare earth aggregates, which have continued to grow steadily, and the company, as the leader of the industry, has maintained a faster rate of increase in its quota based on its resources. On August 17, 2022, the Ministry of Industry and Communications released the second batch of rare earth mining, smelting and smelting total control for 2022.
The total control targets for combined rare earth mining and smelting separation are 210,000 tons and 202,000 tons respectively, a 25 per cent increase over the same period. The Northern rare earth extraction targets are 60210 tons and 81,440 tons, respectively, an increase of 36.4 per cent and 44.9 per cent, respectively, compared to the same year. The Northern rare earth extraction targets have risen at an accelerated rate.
In addition, in order to strengthen the edge of the industrial chain and increase the value added of the product, companies continue to accelerate the industrial “upgrading chain” process, with new achievements in the fields of magnetic materials, waste recycling, etc. Short-term industrial disturbances will not change long-term development.
Business cost lines, and the cost of scraping, have continued to fall in production. As the season approaches in September, the market mood has gradually improved, and the price of rare earths has rebounded steadily. Recent orders have not been sufficiently sustained, and prices have shown a weak shock trend. But in the medium and long term, as a third generation of rare earth-long magnetic materials, it has been possible to see
Premium magnetic performance is the best integrated magnetic material. Automobile electrodynamic trends have determined that the rapid growth of new energy vehicles has led to a significant increase in demand for rare earth. Moreover, energy-saving efficiency effects for energy efficiency are expected to be widely applied in the future in the industrial field, and the consumption of rare earth induced by energy conservation is not negligible.
In June of that year, six departments, including the Ministry of Industry and Communications, issued an Action Plan for Industrial Energy Efficiency Improvement, proposing the implementation of electric energy efficiency promotion actions, with more than 70 per cent of the additional efficient energy-saving power plants in 2025. Moreover, as the process of industrialization of human robots accelerates, the future is expected to become another important growth point in the consumption of rare earth forever.
Sequence, highly concentrated, domestic extraction smelting is strictly quota-controlled, driven by high-growth demand, and the rare earth value is expected to be revalued.
Figure 6: Market prices for oxidation and oxidation (millions of yuan/tons)
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject