Research Centre for Resources and the Environment (CREED), with high income profitability, rapid capital development, and the launch of the 2019 fast performance report by Fretel, with revenue of $4,807 million (year-on-year +57 per cent), realized
Net profits of $717 million (year-on-year +76 per cent) were in line with the previous performance forecast and near the maximum forecast range. New lines of production were completed in 2019, old lines were repaired coldly, the core business was in second place, and profitability increased significantly: in April 2019, the company completed the third thousand tons of the first phase of Phoenix.
The production of a new line of melting and the completion of two 300-ton-day cold fixes of old line production by the end of the year brought the capacity to 5,400 tons by year-end, about 20% of the world's capacity at the end of 2019 in light-voltage glass production, sitting on the industry's second position.
With 24 yuan per square metre up to the end of the year, and with the combined effect of cost reduction due to improvements in the structure of the company's production and process upgrades, the gross profit rate for the photovoltaic glass business in 2019 was significantly higher than in 2018.
There has been a significant increase in the profitability of photovoltaic glass in the core business of the Division (income/māori share has reached 201010252. " Performance growth in productive energy release, with a significant increase in price over time in the second half of the year eroding some of the profit growth.
a Stock listing followed closely the issuance of debt swaps and financing support firms expanded their production speeds: the company completed a 3. " Order of the Association of Governors to verify the importance of photovoltaic glass and the listing of the company ' s shareholding ipo " in February 2019, followed shortly thereafter by the release of a $1.45 billion swap release plan, which has now been certified by the CVM.
Industry status - Fullet Incident Review, expected to be released in the near future. To date, the company is still the only two owners in the world.
A new round of rapid expansion of capacity is expected to start in one of the companies on the shipping line, the technology leader, with a share of financing. Two 1,000 tons of the company’s current production line in Vietnam, which is delayed by the epidemic, is expected to be set on fire in the course of the year.
By then, the company would have become the second Chinese company to have the capacity to produce light glass overseas, and would have been able to re-trace the light-voltage component customers in South-East Asia, India, and even Europe and America. The medium-term high climate has continued to be more certain than the uncertainty of the potential expansion of co-operative production: at the beginning of this year, the Ministry of Trade and Communications will have been able to provide the necessary support to the country.
While it remains to be seen whether this policy is being strictly enforced, the trend towards tighter controls is clear; some second-line enterprises have recently dropped larger scale-up regulations, taking into account that the photovoltaic industry comes from a variety of barriers, such as technology, resources, finance, etc.
The balance between the supply and demand of glazing glass over the next two years, as well as the increase in the market share of head enterprises, remain more certain than the potential new capacity that will emerge after two years. Consider the current product prices, delays in expansion/delays in demand for the sector as a result of the epidemic, and adjust sales forecasts, etc.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment