On February 17, the company announced that the shareholders and the director of the high concentration bid had a reduction in the shareholding scheme, some of the company's shareholders, and some of the company's shareholders.
9 directors, supervisors and executives, owing to their personal financial needs, are to reduce their share in the circulation of unlimited terms of sale to a total of up to 1.998 million shares within six months of the date of the announcement, with little impact on the current plan, as well as on the personal behaviour of senior directors and small shareholders after the end of the limited sales period.
• There are excellent supply and demand patterns and competition patterns in the industry, and companies are one of the two leaders of the industry, and photovoltaic glass is one of the best supply and demand patterns in the current photovoltaic industry. The increase in total photovoltage demand, combined with the increase in the penetration of dual-faced (double) components, drives the growth in demand and the increase in the production of photovoltaic glass.
Shorter than demand increases and longer product extension cycles have led to continued pressure on the supply of photovoltaic glass in the future. Photovoltaic glass competition patterns have been excellent, and trade leaders such as Shining Light and Frett are more than 50%, and the new round of expansion is dominated by two leaders, and future market concentration is expected to increase further.
At the end of 2019, the company’s photovoltaic glass production capacity reached 5290 tons per day, the world’s second largest producer of photovoltaic glass. At the same time, the new expansion capacity will be steadily released.
It is expected to come into production in June/September 2020, with Project An Quantities 4 and 5 projects of 1,200 tonnes/day expected.
9690 tonnes/day. Newly produced large kilns will result in higher production rates and lower manufacturing costs.
Lighttimes 2019-12-22: Keeping the industry and the company in line with their long-term development, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
Glass 2019-02-16