Simulation of the chip's scarce target, acquisition of Qantaga code power management, São Paulo shares (300661.sz) 16/07/2020
São da Boa Vontade is a national producer focused on high-performance simulation chips, covering signal chains and power management, two core areas with 16 series of over 1,400 models of high-performance simulationic products.
Alpha and the proposed 100% holding of the Qin Thai semiconductor show the determination that the São Paulo stock will grow deep into the high-quality track of the simulation chip. At the same time, benefiting from the bursting growth of the power management chip crop, the overall yield of the company increased by 38.5% and 72.3% in 2019 and 2020q1, respectively.
The simulation chip, which is a core chip for processing external signals and managing electrical systems, is extremely important for electronics, and in 2019 the global market was close to $54 billion in size.
Barriers are relatively low, and while the main market share of global simulation chips is held by foreign manufacturers such as Texas instruments, doi, England and st, emerging producers still have sufficient market space. To benefit from the development of emerging markets such as 5g, the Internet, the ai, and the accelerated national substitution of equipment used by domestic terminals, and the national production model.
A chip manufacturer will have a historic opportunity. ..the two major business combinations, cars, industrial markets, or core viewing points, for signal-chain products, are affected by downstream demand in 2019 and by the 2020 epidemic, the global signal chain product.
The size of the commodity market has declined, yet in 2019 there was a 6 per cent increase in the collection of São Paulo shares in signal chain products. For power management products, Yole predicts that the market size of the global power management chip from 2018 to 2024 will continue to expand at an average annual rate of 1.9 per cent, while São Paulo shares' power management chip expansion will continue at a much faster rate.
In 2019, the product grew by nearly 60%. In combination with yole predictions and the collection structure of international models such as ti and adi, we found that consumer electronics markets are growing at a significant slower rate, with cars, industrial controls, or will be the main direction of the future of the chip.
The chip demand is slowing down; there is uncertainty about the remaining 71.3% share in the acquisition of the Quantico-Thai semiconductor.
A wide range of high-performance analogueic products of over 1,400 models, including operation magnifiers, comparisons, audio/video volts, modulus/model converters, simulation switches, dc/dc converters, back and flashled drives, battery protection and charge management chips, etc., can be widely applied in communications, consumer electronics, industrial controls, medical instruments, etc.
In many areas, such as motor electronics, São Paulo shares achieve full product type layouts: in signal chain products, linear products have operation magnifiers, comparisons, audio amplifiers, video drives, etc.; converter products have number converters, number converters, etc.; interface products, etc.
For applications such as engineering, communications, electricity, etc., in power management chips, non-drive-type power tubes, linear stabilizers, dc/dc converters, lithium battery charge management chips, cpu power monitoring circuits, etc., drive-type power management chips, etc.
Business income increased steadily: from 2014 to 2018, business income from São Paulo shares grew steadily, benefiting from the expansion of smartphone-based telecommunications and mobile power, machine-tops-based consumer electronics.
In 2019 and 2020q1, a significant increase in the revenue of power management chips led to the same rate of growth for the company as a whole, up to 38.5 per cent and 72.3 per cent, respectively.
And, as a result of the significant increase in the size of the collection and the investment gains from the proposed acquisition of surplus shares in Xianghai, the net profit on the Crown shares in 2019 increased by 69.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the power management chip rate continued to rise: it benefited from a significant increase in demand in the areas of communications, industrial control and automobiles.
In 2014-2019, the rapid growth in the share of São Paulo in power management chip collection led to a gradual increase in the share of revenue from 55.8 per cent to 69.5 per cent.
The average price of the film has declined, and the level of Māori for São Paulo shares in power management chips and signal chain chips is still guaranteed. Business income has changed seasonally, with light seasons in the first quarter of the year: due to the length of the first quarter of the year and the corresponding reduction in the production time of end-users, the demand for chips has been reduced and the volume of dealers' supplies has been reduced accordingly.
The collection of São Paulo shares in the first quarter of each year is generally lower than the average for each quarter of the year. As a result of increased macroeconomic uncertainty, there was a marked slowdown in the procurement of downstream clients in the second half of 2018, resulting in reverse changes in the turnover of 2018q3 and q4 receivables, stock turnover and collection: affected by a significant increase in the size of the collections.
The write-off rate of 2018q3-2020q1 has continued to fall; as shown in figure 8, for the lowest downstream demand, the ratio of accounts receivable of 2018q2 and q3 was at a relatively high level for the St. State shares. The high demand for supplies for the company 2020q1 suffered from a significant increase in the size of the collection.
Figure 7: Seasonal movements in operating income, with a light season in the first quarter (millions of yuan) Figure 8: Retarded by significant growth in the size of the harvest, stock turnover has declined somewhat
Signal chain products are associated with sensors, and power management chips are associated with power devices: as shown in figure 9, after the sensors of electronic devices receive external analogue signals, the algorithm amplifiers, filters in the signal chain products act as amplifiers and filters, respectively, and the mode converters act as converters of analogue signals to digital signals.
At the same time, power management chips, together with power devices, manage, monitor, and transmit the electrical condition of the sourcer in the electronic device. Because of the close relationship between the sensor chip and the signal chain product, the st, skyworks, English-flying mills, etc. place the simulation chip and the sensor chip in the same department.
Figure 9: Signal chain products capture, magnify, filter, power management products act as simulated chips with long life cycles and a wide variety of products: digital chips have a high rate of operation and low-cost follow-up, making their need continuous overlap to ensure their performance advantages, so the life cycle of digital chips tends to be only 2-3.
Year. Conversely, the simulation chip focuses more on grinding of the production process and the abundance of the product class, and the reliance on the chip production process is low, demonstrating the fact that the international large plant uses the Idm model, with a life cycle of more than 10 years, with product varieties of up to thousands or even tens of thousands.
Simultaneous market patterns are relatively fragmented, and emerging firms still have enough market space: simulation chip markets are highly fragmented, with many large and start-up micro-enterprises, including well-developed product-type suppliers and niche suppliers. According to icinsights, the main share of the global simulation chip market in 2019 was distributed by Texas instruments, Asia.
In the absence of logical chips, several of them in the chip-storage market, there is no right to talk. Cost reduction, abundance of products, maintenance of channels, and product quality are core competitiveness: based on simulated chip taps.
In the model market, cost control, diversification of product types, maintenance of distribution channels, product abundance and quality are core competitive elements, of which cost control of 300 mm crystals would reduce manufacturing costs by 40 per cent, and sales channels maintenance would be a more decentralized and better distribution channel for downstream customers.
In 2016-2018, the global simulated chip market continued to expand, and China’s regional performance grew at a weaker rate: because of the relatively low level of interest in our analog chip industry and the need to superimpose model chip manufacturers to better control costs and expand product groups, our simulation market grew at less than the global rate.
Downstream demand for simulators; Asia-Pacific region is more resilient: the 2020 simulator market, which was expected to recover on a step-by-step basis, is also under pressure by the epidemic and is expected to decline by another 7 per cent in size in 2020, with 3 per cent drop in volume from simulators and lower average chip sales prices.
4% of the total. However, the Asia-Pacific region (with the exception of Japan) has higher demand for integrated circuits, which, according to post-wsts projections, are more resilient, and is expected to grow by 2.6% in 2020, implying a relatively limited decline in the size of the domestic chip market.
China's simulated chip market is growing at a slower rate than the world's, with two major operations working together, the industrial market or a core view, 3.1, the signal chain is more resilient, and consumer electronic demand is slowing down.
The collection of signal chain products increased steadily and the price level was more resilient: subject to the downturn in downstream demand, the market value of the global analog chip fell in 2019, but the collection of São Paulo shares in the signal chain still increased by 6 per cent. The average price of São Paulo total chip products in 2017-2019 was 0.30, 0.28, 0.32 per unit, respectively, at the same price as the new one.
The signal chain product has continued to fall as a share of the market for simulated chips, but market size continues to expand: power-managed, chip market size has increased, and demand for signal chain products has slowed significantly, adding to consumer electronic demand for signal chain products.
19 per cent of the year was reduced to 6 per cent in 2018 (market size increased from $200 million to $3.5 billion), and model converters also decreased from 14 per cent in 1981 to 7 per cent in 2018 (market size increased from $300 million to $3.9 billion).
Figure 16: Market share of signal chain products: 47%
The continuous expansion of the field is evident; the trend towards the integration of signal-chain products is increasingly strongly influenced by the need for portable consumer electronics 3.2, the acquisition of thong-team semiconductors, the management of coded power sources, industrial controls, the enormous potential of the automobile market; the continued expansion of the power management market, and the rate of recovery: the benefits of industrial and consumer electronic demand for electricity savings.
Growth, with the global power management chip market expanding rapidly, from $100 million in 1981 to $25 billion in 2018. In 2014-2018, revenue from São Paulo’s share power management chip was also growing steadily;
Rapidly, in 2019, there was a significant increase of 60.0% in the collection of São Paulo shares in power management products. The power management market was highly competitive, with product variations driving down unit prices: the market entry barriers were lower than the signal chain products, the power management cores, and the competition became more intense.
The power management chip has continued to decline since its launch, and the downward trend has accelerated with the introduction of new items. Figure 20: São Paulo share management product unit prices frustrated in 2014-2016 by the acquisition of 71.3% of the tae semiconductor, re-plug the coded power management chip: São Paulo shares released on 24 April 2020
According to the Buding Plus draft, the proposed acquisition of 71.3% of the remaining shareholdings in the Qin Thai semiconductor will result in 100% control of the Qinhai semiconductor upon completion of the transaction. The acquisition of the Qin Qin Qin semiconductor not only reflects the determination of the São Paulo stock to continuously add code to the chip management track, but also enhances the brand influence of the São Paulo stock.
The demand ratio for industrial controls has risen significantly as a result of the boom in the power stabilizer: the demand to benefit from the consumer electronics and the industrial control market has increased significantly, by 128.05 per cent in 2019, and the demand to benefit from the consumer electronics and mobile communications market has increased significantly, with the same growth in 2019 as the demand for the management of the Xianhai semiconductor power source.
83.15%. As a result of the increase of 218% and 175% respectively in 2019 in industrial controls and mobile communications markets, the level of performance commitment of the
176 million yuan. Thus, the net profit level of the São Paulo shares would have been realized if the acquisition of the Xinhai semiconductor had been successful, and the global power management chip market would have grown at an average annual rate of 1.9%, with industry and automobile markets expected to grow by more than 30%.
According to Ti, the combined share of industrial and automobile markets has increased from 42 per cent in 2013 to 57 per cent in 2019. (2) Progress in research and development of corporate power management operations, continued positive client outreach and continued optimization of Māori rates 57/58/59 per cent, respectively.
We believe that, as consumer electronic downstream demand is warming, building on industrial controls, and the continuing power of the automobile market, the global simulation chip market is expected to warm up. As the uncertainty of trade friction between Central America and the United States increases, domestic downstream customers show a stronger demand for national production for electronic devices.
For the country’s core producers, which focus on simulated chip markets, signal chains and power management operations will benefit in depth from the accelerated trend of national production substitution. At the same time, as industrial intelligence and access to the Internet continue to advance, demand for electricity control of sub-elements becomes more pronounced, and the company’s power management products are expected to grow faster.
The sum of $13.6 million, compared to $176 million in 2019 for the net return of the Crown shares, would have significantly increased the level of net return of the Crown shares if the Crown shares were 100% controlled by the Thai semiconductor. Moreover, the company, as a small-share analog chip-based enterprise, also has a certain scarcity.
Table 2: Values of companies listed in the semiconductor design industry: São Paulo shares are scarce for businesses listed as a minority of a-share simulators The downside demand for simulators will put pressure on the company's performance;
(a) Delayed delivery demand for signal chain products affecting corporate collection and stock levels;