Hangzhou Bank, with excellent earnings indicators and a strong asset quality industry, and against a backdrop of regional economic stability, Hangzhou Bank's revenue and net profit growth rate in 2020 remained the same.
At the forefront of the industry, the quality of assets has improved significantly, and is now at the top of the banking ladder. The Hangzhou banking region is well positioned, has a strong regional business base, and in recent years the corporate capital structure has been optimized, deposited, the lending ratio has continued to rise, retail transformation has started to work and interest support has improved significantly.
▪ The profitability index is excellent, the asset quality industry is good, the profitability index is very good, and the level of the provision is very high.
Levels rank among listed banks. As economic recovery improves, asset quality pressures decrease, and credit costs are estimated to fall down in four quarters, the net profits of companies are rising by 3.1 percentage points to 8.22 per cent more than we expected in the previous three quarters.
At the same time that the profitability index is showing excellent performance, the Hangzhou bank asset quality improvement continues with a significant increase in the provision. The Hangzhou bank failure rate at the end of the quarter was 1.07%, the ring drop was 2bp, and the year-round decline was 27bp, with significant improvement in the poor data.
16.4 percentage points to 469.54 per cent, a significant increase of 152.8 percentage points in the year-on-year ratio, an increase of 10 bp to 5.02 per cent in the lending ring, and a strong provision that further increases the resilience of banks in Hangzhou, which in absolute terms is second only to the Bank of Ningpo, which ranks second among all listed banks.
In one year, Hangzhou bank assets have risen to the top of the list. Credits have been growing rapidly, with potential for structural optimization. Hangzhou bank assets and credit have been growing at a faster rate than in the previous year.
14.4 per cent/16.8 per cent of the banks listed at the speed of the increase. On February 24, the company issued a circular, which was approved by the CSRC, allowing for a steady increase in the size of the assets to be replenished. At the end of the year, credit accounted for 41.3 per cent of total assets and remained at a low level in the comparison of listed banks.
At the end of the liability, bank deposits in Hangzhou also grew faster, with a 13.7%/3.87% increase in the same ring and 64.02% in total liabilities.
"Hangzhou Bank: A beautiful profit performance, a sharp change in the profit margin, and the downside of the economy has led to a higher than expected deterioration in the quality of assets. "Hangzhou Bank: A bright harvest, a poor continuity of improvement.
The Hangzhou Bank discloses its annual report fast-tracked performance. The net profit return in 2020 was +8.22% (vs + 5.11% in the first three quarters of the year).
With the economic recovery improving, asset quality pressures have subsided, and credit costs are estimated to have fallen in the last four quarters, supporting the company’s higher net profits.
At the same time that the profit index is showing excellent performance, Hangzhou bank assets have been improved and the provision has increased considerably. Hangzhou banks at the end of the four seasons had a bad rate of 1.07% and the ring had fallen by 2bp, a significant decline of 27bp and a significant improvement in bad data throughout the year.
The cap ring rose by 16.4 percentage points to 469.54 per cent, the year-on-year by 152.8 percentage points, the loan ring by 10 bp to 5.02 per cent, and the solid provision further enhanced the risk resilience of banks in Hangzhou, after Bank Ningpo in absolute terms, and ranked second among all banks listed. Taken together, Hangzhou bank asset quality has risen to the level of the first class of banks on the list over a period of one year.
As a result of the announcement issued by the company on 24th of the 24th of the month, which was approved by the CSRC, the replenishment of the follow-on capital contributed to a steady and rapid increase in the size of the assets. The ratio of credit to total assets at the end of the year was 41.3 per cent, it was still low in the comparison of listed banks, with future asset end-of-asset credit accounting for Piti.
In the context of regional economic stability, the Hangzhou Bank maintained a high level of co-operation in the year 2020 in terms of revenue and net profit growth, with a marked improvement in the quality of its assets, which has now reached the banking level. Hangzhou Bank is well-positioned, has a strong regional business base, and in recent years the public sector has continued to optimize its financial structure, with a steady increase in its savings and lending ratios, and a start-up in the retail transition, which supports interest gains.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)