The company review reports that the petrochemical industry has passed, and oil prices have returned to driving Chinese oil (601857.sh)
As at 2 March, the prices of the brent and wti had reached $62.70 and $59.75 per barrel, respectively, with an increase of 21.04 per cent and 23.15 per cent, respectively, at the beginning of the year.
The decline in the company ' s performance in 2020 was mainly due to the sharp fall in the company ' s crude oil sales revenues due to the sharp fall in oil prices, which was affected by the global new coronary pneumonia epidemic, and the sharp drop in oil demand in 2020, which led to a steep drop in oil prices. The average annual price of bront crude oil was $43.21 per barrel, a 32.7 per cent decline compared with the previous year.
Taking into account that the company's crude oil production is usually over 120 million tons in previous years, at 120 million tons in terms of production, the price of the forest falls by about $1 per barrel, and the sales loss is about $6 billion. The price of oil falls sharply.
The decline in product sales and the low price differentials, the loss of crude oil stock conversions, etc., are also the adverse factors affecting the performance of the company, the significant decrease in the volume of oil sold by the company, the corresponding decrease in the volume of petrol and diesel sales, and the fact that the company's main petrochemical products are less well priced and less profitable.
In addition, as a result of the fall in oil prices, the company's judgement on the company's performance at the base of the annual oil price, on the central hub in 2021 and beyond, and on the need for improvement in the sector under effective control of the epidemic, we believe that the bottom of the company's performance in 2020 was confirmed; the impact on the public was 2021.
The multiplicity of factors in the Division's performance will “go from negative to positive”, particularly the fact that oil prices have largely returned to the 2019 average price levels, and that corporate performance is expected to move up the bottom, resulting in improved investment opportunities and the maintenance of “recommended” ratings.
This report is presented independently and objectively and clearly and accurately reflecting my research views. Any part of my remuneration has been in the past.
It has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations of this report.