Medical Health Research Center (MHRC) Xiao Xiao Xin (first rating) “second development” deep-digging value and marketing reform has increased significantly
Policies, consumption trends and the “one nuclear twin” strategy: national policies often encourage the development of Chinese medicine, and there are great opportunities for the first export of Chinese medicine singles for foreign trade over the years.
Upstream: The company currently provides strategic stock of musk for more than five years, supported by the company ' s artificial farming, with natural open sources of musk, downstream: hepatic disease + alcohol metabolic genetic defects, over 200 million hepatic populations, with huge demand.
Core species: Deep Protected Rivers, expanding more markets, 500 years old transmissions + double top secret + natural musk can be used, Protected Rivers of the Protected Rivers `National Treasure Medicine'. “Second Development” Deep Excavation Value: Clinical Studies have confirmed the efficacy of liver protection, etc., and the company has increased its research
Investing in more adaptive disorders to validate clinical values and functioning mechanisms in modern science, and to expand marketing reforms with higher prices: a mild increase in price, annual compound price increases equal to food cpi, and still room for price increases; companies working with authoritative media such as viewing to sharpen brands, through
This year’s new expansion of the Vip line, distribution line, retail line is expected to increase the price of this year’s video-studies, hospital academic marketing.
In the context of rising consumption and policies to encourage Chinese medicine, companies dig deep through “secondary development”
The value of the product is expected to grow by more than 35% throughout the year, thanks to new channels such as marketing reforms, branding and expanding the experience halls, and making the "state secret medicine" more known and used by more people. At the same time, the company’s daily security is growing faster, supplemented by commercial flows to support sustainable corporate development.
The scarce value of Xu Fifi is covered for the first time by the rating given to “enhancement”. xufeifei@gjzq.com.cn
Li Qingray, whose sales are growing too fast, have resulted in insufficient supply of musk raw materials; lower-than-expected artificial production of mussels; loss of residence due to price increases for products; lower-than-expected secondary development; less-than-expected opening of experiential channels; and high valuation risk.
Company description: The Chinese old word, passed 500 years ago, was created in December 1999 by the former Chinese pharmaceutical factory, the Chinese company, and listed in 2003 as the national high-tech company, the Chinese old-fashioned company.
Dozens of Chinese pharmaceutical products, such as Xanax, Xanax capsules, Xanax cream, etc., produced exclusively at the national level, Chinese drug protection varieties - Xanax, which are known as the "National Treasure Medicine" and "China Special Effects Antibiotics", traditional production techniques are included in the national non-records list, with exports amounting to more than $10 million a year.
China's drug brand. The brand "Pang Chai" has been identified as "China's brand." Chart 1: The company's history has been controlled by the State Finance Committee of the city of Chenzhou, through Xiaolongjiang Group Ltd., Xuzhou City.
Xiaolongjiang Construction Company Ltd. and State Property Investment and Management Company Ltd., Guangzhou City, together hold £58.42% of the shares in the company ' s structure: the parent company ' s main business, a series of products and some generic products; and the subsidiary ' s make-up.
The company produces and sells cosmetics products; the subsidiary has limited the company ' s ability to produce and sell toothpaste in Shanghai; the subsidiary has mainly been involved in the distribution of medicines, and the company is involved in the Chinese pharmaceutical marketing enterprise, JFK 50, which holds 24 per cent of the shares.
Business strategies and policies, consumption trends resonance, and promotion of further release  The company has since 2015 proposed a “one nuclear two-wing” transformation and upgrading strategy, one of which is traditional Chinese medicine production, the other two are solarized products and health foods, supplemented by the flow of medicines, and has focused on building a “broadcasting” strategy.
Chinese medicine + modern healthy life + modern mode of circulation ”development model, accelerating the construction of films, national policies that often encourage Chinese medicine development, benefiting prominent brands  In recent years, various sectors of the country have produced documents that encourage Chinese medicine development, and we will be important in this regard.
In addition, in the “Healthy China 2030” programme, the guidelines for the comprehensive promotion of scientific and technological innovations in health and health care, the guidelines for the promotion of the healthy development of the pharmaceutical industry, and the development of the pharmaceutical industry
Chinese medicine has been given priority in a number of important documents, such as the Planning Guide, China Manufacturing 2025, and Chinese medicine has opened up new opportunities for development.
Products, research and development of high-health products, such as health products, functional foods and functional cosmetics, to promote the formation of a high-health industrial chain of Chinese medicine, which coincides with the company's “one nuclear two-wing” strategy.
Health products range from three to five, internationally recognized brands from one to two.” For many years, he has been the first to export Chinese medicine and foreign trade singles, and has a strong public base abroad, and is expected to further develop into internationally recognized brands.
Health care awareness among the population, and the “national secret medicine” are favoured
This reflects an increase in health-care awareness as the population lives and consumes. As a “national secret drug,” the local traditional health-care brands have many advantages, such as formulas and brands, and are expected to respond to the growing population’s awareness of health care in the country.
The core varieties of the moats: the moats are deep, the markets are expanded, the mounds of the moats are protected by the secret medicine of the nation.
• First Episode: too much quality, 500 years of brand-new energy, the use of platinum for acute and chronic viral hepatitis caused by hot toxaemia, anthrax, unknown swollen, trauma and various forms of inflammation, which for the third year in a row has been rated as the first product of a “healthy China” liver urinary medicine
From the end of Ming Dynasty to the present, brands continue to flourish. It is not easy to build old brands.
For the fourth year in a row, the company has been on the Hu-Yun brand list, and won the highest award of the Chinese brand, the “Hwap Prize.”
The value of 24,823 million yuan in brands was ranked third on the "Sino-Chinese old" value list in 2016. In 2017, the brand value was 29,819 million in places of the 101st place in China's "The value of 500 brands in 2017" and in China's "The most competitive brand top10" in 2017.
3rd place: December 2017, with a brand value of $3548 million, entered the World Brand Innovation 500 top ranking.
The technique and prescriptions are listed in the national “double-secret” list, and traditional production techniques are listed in the national list, as well as in Chinese drug protection varieties at the national level, and are rated Chinese drug brand products. The “double-secret” casts the only one, and competitors cannot imitate its formulation.
Figure 11: Other company medicines  Third Most Protected River
Five Bureaux on the National Forestry Administration's report on the introduction of new medicines allowing the use of natural mussels into the National Food and Drug Surveillance Authority:
New medicines allowing the use of natural musk: new medicines allowing the use of natural musk: step by step, strengthening the management of musk resources protection
On natural musk, bear urchin powder, and so on, the tin-free scavengers: brain-injection fluids, the new medicine industry in Tianjin: the Antiya yak magma.
The natural medicine industry in the Nine Hollows: Little Gold Pills, Notification of Problems with Use: Notification of Natural Musk: Presentation of our Total Musk Resources
Fujian musk beads: musk beads and eyes; Chengdu Youngkang drugs: little golden pill; five-melt musks; Man-yun; Xi-Yung;
It's less than 5% of the 1950s, strictly limited to special effects, key pills, oxen abstinence pills, big live pills.
Repositioning all musk species into national priority 1 drug species and requiring musk salami and musk for pain relief.
In order to circulate it, the drug company must apply for a special tag to use the natural musk, allowing only the approved drug.
(a) The type and quantity of products produced for the production of inputs;
New medicines allowing the use of natural musk: new medicines permitting the use of natural musk: new medicines permitting the use of natural musk:
Since 1 July 2005, it contains natural mussels.
Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiao Xiang Xiang Xiang Yu Xiang Xiang Yu Xiao Xiang Yu Xiang Xiang Yu Xiang Xiang Yu Xiang Xiang Yu Xiang Yu Xiang Xiang
The product of the fragrant, urn urchins needs to be singled out.
• Shanghai & Suzhou Reyong: " China ' s wildlife industry uses management expertise.
"Into circulation only with identification." Xiamen Chinese medicine plant: Xiaobodan, Xiaojun medicine industry: Xiangming, Xianghu, Xianghu, Xianghu, Xianghu, Xin, Xiang, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xiang, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, X, Xin, X, Xin, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X,
Nanjing Colony: As shown in the figure above, since 2003 the State has strictly regulated the use of natural musk to protect musk resources, allowing only a few priority drug varieties such as the Xiaojun to continue to use natural resources.
In the past few years, the price of a natural musk has increased from ten to dozens of times the price of an artificial musk, adding "the use of the management logo in China's wildlife business" to the flow, further enhancing the prestige of a small piece of Chinese medicine.
In addition to natural mussels, the supplier of snake chords is required to obtain an administrative permit from the Provincial Forestry Department, and in the Circular of the National Food and Drug Supervisory Authority on the Strengthening of the Supervision and Management of Pharmacies Consumable with Cattle and Yellow, it is stated that “where the production is made with the use of the cultivation of cow and yellow in vitro, the cultivation of cow and yellow and human beings”.
The instructions and labels for the use of artificial musk to replace natural mussels should accurately identify the cultivation of cow yellow, in vitro yellow, artificial cow, yellow or artificial musk” and the Chinese medicine for the non-use of natural cow yellow and natural musk.
A clear distinction can be made in the composition table to further increase the scarcity of the swab.
In recent years, the company has increased its research and development investment in the development of a “scaffle redevelopment”, using modern clinical research evidence The effectiveness of the film in the preservation and regeneration of the liver and liver, in the “2018 Healthy China Brands” system.
In addition, the company has developed more adaptive treatments for diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, etc., and has promoted the modernization of Chinese medicine and the opening of more markets.
In the context of encouraging clinically valuable drugs, the proposal has helped to promote further hospital-level academic outreach.
Figure 16: The Pharmacology and Clinical Applications Research Unit is active in the development of Pharmacology and Clinical Applications
125 Chapter VI Clinical Applied Studies, Vol. 38, No. 3, March 2018.
From midwest to midwest, Professor Qin Wanjian, a leading research expert in the study of the Creteau, Li Bin Li Xin (261), special topic, clinical writing.
151 Chapter VII. Research on anti-cancer action by the Chinese expert on clinical application of the film recommended that the Chinese expert proposal on clinical application of the moon be prepared by the Chinese expert.
6 sets of clinical applications for humangallstones, andtraditionalchinesmedi--
6.1 Aggregation of T-shirts is recommended for the use of the Cinepreparationsbyliquid chromatographywith wide: (1) Hepatitis treatment of various types of viral hepatitis: (2)
Massspectromery [j].jsepsci.2015, 38(5): Accompanied, unnamed swollen, damaged and inflammated; (3) Resistive, radioactive oral ulcer.
[4] Lisx, muy.zhengfy.influseofgastrointesti - The seventh episode of thong co-applys with Dositas for the growth and despondation of the cancer cells of the tongue, based on clinical and experimental findings, the following cases are recommended for clinical treatment:
naldigestionandedibleplanantcompanimental biavailabilittyofterpenesaponins, usingabio-traffic tiles: (1) all types of primary liver cancer, especially in the middle
(ii) rectal cancer, section 8 of the ovcar-3 cell growth, death and cyclical growth of human ovarian cancer
Medically identified as a typhoid bruising type.
Upstream: There are sufficient stocks of key raw materials, and “good medicine” creates “the best medicine” that is essential for the Chinese pharmaceutical industry and for the supply of upstream raw material resources.
Tables, 3% musk, 5% cow yellow, 785% field, 7% snake chore. Musk: Strategic reserve + manual seeding of musk, no longer a production bottle. Administrative ration + self-purchase, strategic reserve: Natural musk is the country, as noted earlier.
At the same time, the company can purchase the natural musk itself and report it to the provincial forestry office for review. Musk is theoretically kept indefinitely, and the company’s strategic stock of musk raw materials is currently available for up to five years.
Artificial musk breeding is complemented by: the company has been in existence since the State issued regulations on natural musk.