Qingdao beer (600,600) Quarterly Review 2019 Quarterly Report 2019 Quarterly. During the reporting period, the company earned $7,951 million in operating income.
\triangleright \triangleright
During the reporting period, corporate revenues were equal to +11.38 per cent, net profit returns were equal to +21.04 per cent, and performance increased at the same rate, and the Rings increased at the same rate, with revenue rising at a rate that has been higher since 14q1.
In terms of sales, 19q1 has accumulated beer, compared to a 300-stretch trend, with sales of 216.6 million litres, +6.6 per cent, of which the main brand, Qingdao Beer, has achieved sales of 1.75 million.
Thousands of litres, plus 8.5%, of high-end products such as "Agut, Hong Kong Chiefs, Classic 1903 and Pure Beer" totalled 588,000 litres, or +10.5%. Overall, corporate product structure upgrading is increasing; in terms of ton prices, it was due to direct price increases made by companies to Qingjia's high-quality brands in May of 18th year.
The delayed effects add up to the product structural upgrade, expected to be 19q1 beer tons above + 5 per cent, the cost of raw materials leading to a decline in the Māori rate and a double-factor resonance increase in net interest rates \triangleright
Māori ratio: sustained upswing in the prices of barley and packaged materials, 19q1 Māori rate reached 39.66 per cent in the context of direct company price increases and product structural upgrading, down 0.8 percentage points from 18q1, and sales/management (plus R&D costs)/financial cost rates changed separately
Controlling the use, write-off and payment process, as a result of enhanced market verification measures) and other revenue-earning ratios (19q1 other gains amounted to 0.38 percentage points higher than 18q1 per cent), with net corporate interest rates rising at 10.16 per cent, against a background of declining Māori rates.
Management changes. Internal structural efficiency is expected to optimize. A new board of directors is expected to successfully complete a new term, and the new management is open-minded and dynamic, and is expected to continue to promote improvements in the company's internal operations and to accelerate the optimization of production capacity (in the larger context of overcapacity, 18 years of companies).
Production capacity, product-rich structure optimization has continued at a pace of 71,000 less than the actual capacity of 17 years. 1. Qingjia beer (600600.sh) depth report: price increases + cost optimizations, a surge in old-fashioned activity.
At the end of the year, 18 per cent of its holdings were transferred to reinstar International as a financial investment 2. Qingdao Beers (600,600) 2018 reporting point is expected to help companies improve their internal efficiency and drive the reform process.
Assessment-product structure upgrades continue to progress, profitability is driven by changes in management, internal structural efficiency is expected to be optimized, and corporate performance is expected to grow faster in the future than industry averages.
In 2011, they entered the securities industry and are now in charge of food beverages and agricultural orientation studies at the Institute of Human Security.
Xuyang, research assistant in the food and beverages industry, and Master of Financial Sciences, joined civil securities in 2018. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the reports are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial, and not to be influenced by any third party.