Large banks with large interest differentials and high performance in fees, higher net profits in the first half of the year, good net interest income and net fee income.
The company has increased the write-off disposal rate, the poor rate has fallen, and there is still room for improvement in the provision coverage. Maintenance of higher ratings. Performance of fee revenue, and recovery of net interest income at a faster rate.
This represents an increase of 6.71 per cent. The year-on-year increase in revenue was 12.7 per cent. The rapid increase in net revenue from fees and commissions was due mainly to the positive performance of the bank card business, which increased by 41.4 per cent, while interest income decreased by 10 per cent in the first half of the year, mainly as a result of the new accounting standards, and will be partially offset by the increase in the previous year.
Interest income takes into account investment returns, resulting in a 10.8 per cent increase in net interest income from the previous year, an increase of 4.72 percentage points from the one quarter.2 The negative structure of the two quarters is further optimized and the difference in interest rates continues to improve.
At the end of the debt, the ratio of deposits increased in the second quarter, while the size of the peer liability declined. The loan size was increased by 1 per cent to 4 per cent over the first quarter, and the share of the total liability increased.
On the other hand, there is greater write-off and room for improvement in the provision of the company’s two-quarter pressure-down costs over its savings. Big banks have a bad rate of 1.51% in the second quarter, and Ring is down by 8bp from the first quarter, which we believe is mainly due to the company’s increased disposal of bad write-offs.
In the first half of 2018, the size of write-offs and disposals exceeded the total for the whole of 2017, and we measured an increase in the annual rate of unsound production from 68bp to 1.76 per cent for the two-quarter write-off plus by large banks.
The downside of the economy has led to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected, and financial regulation that is more than anticipated.
The net profit in the first half of the year increased by 6.71 per cent compared to 1.2 percentage points in the first quarter of the year.
The net income from fees and commissions increased by 14.9 per cent over the year and increased by 1.4 percentage points over the previous quarter, with better performance than that from peers. Revenue from fees, if affected by the new accounting standards, accounted for some of the original interest income as investment returns, resulting in a 10.8 per cent increase in net interest income over the previous calibre, an increase of 4.72 percentage points over the first quarter, and a further increase in net interest income from large banks, both in volume and price, was driven by further increases.
2-quarter capital structure is further optimized and interest differentials continue to improve 6.19 per 2.88 per cent increase in total assets in 2-quarters and 5.31 percentage points increase in comparison with 1-quarter increase in total assets. The rapid growth in total assets is mainly due to the continued optimization of the asset structure of the company and increased credit delivery, with the size of Gwang banks lending being the same as in 2-quarters
At the end of the debt line, the larger bank liability end structure has been further optimized, with the increase in the share of deposits in the second quarter being accompanied by a downward trend in the size of the peer debt. In the first half of the year, when deposits were competitive, the scale of deposits increased by one percentage point to four per cent over the first quarter, 7 per cent over the same period, and by 4 bp to 61.2 per cent over the total liability, but the share of term deposits in deposits increased at the beginning of the year compared with the share of deposits.
The cost reduction was higher than the size of the deposit ' s inter-employee liability, with a 29.3 percentage point decrease in the size of the joint inventory compared to the beginning of the year. Overall, further optimization of the loan-back structure has led to a further improvement in the ratio of interest-rate spreads to large banks, which is 4 bp to 1.63 per cent higher than in the first quarter. 2 quarters of the equity end-of-the-bank returns have been raised by 13 bp, and the average cost-of-the-end ratio of the liability has been reduced by 5 bp. Looking ahead, low capital gains are expected.
Rates continue to be passed on to the real economy, loan returns may fall due to increased loan provision, deposits are still competitive, but the cost of inter-operability liabilities drops will help to ease the upward pressure on the cost of the liabilities, and overall, the margin of interest for large banks in the second half of the year can still be expected to increase considerably.
Big banks had a negative rate of 1.51 per cent in the second quarter and a decline of 8bp over the first quarter, which we believe is mainly due to the company's increased disposal of bad write-offs, which in the first half of 2018 exceeded the total for the entire year 2017, and we measured that the average annual rate of negative mass creation of big banks plus write-offs rose from 68bp to 1.76 per cent.
The firm ' s lending ratio was 2.61 per cent in the second quarter, with a 24bp drop in the ring, a 6.07 percentage point decline in the provision coverage ratio to a faster increase in net profits in the first half of the year, a good performance of net interest income and net fees revenue, an improvement in the corporate asset structure, and a two-month gap. There is still room for the company to increase the write-off disposal effort, and there is room for improvement in the provision coverage below the negative rate.
By the first half of the year, large banks were better off than their co-workers’ fee earnings, while debt pressure slowed down in the second half of the year in the context of market finance easing, leading to a deterioration in asset quality. Banks, as a pro-cyclical sector, have a strong correlation between industry and economic development. Economic development at the macro level affects the performance of the real economy and profitability, thereby affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector.
Well, there is a risk that the quality of banking assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the profitability of banking. Currently, trade friction between Central America and the United States is continuing, macroeconomic economic uncertainty remains to be followed closely by dynamic changes in the economy.
At the same time, the merger of the Silver and Security Councils will enhance regulatory coherence and coordination, enhance regulatory effectiveness, and the various regulatory rules documents are expected to fall at an accelerated rate. If tight regulation is tightened, industry’s business development may be constrained, thus affecting net profit growth.
Income statement (Billions of yuan)