It's a smooth transition, and the canyon docks contribute to the import increase and the downstream sales of New Olympic shares (600803.sh) December 29, 2020.
The company has made a smooth transition from upstream to upstream import surges and direct upstream/downstream trading projects, and the demand has recovered and sales have continued to grow. We maintain profit projections. We expect the mother ' s net profit mountain dock to contribute to import surges in 2020-2022, with the ability of overseas sources to leverage air resources.
On the basis of the company ' s October announcement, the company has entered into a trust agreement with the Consortium to manage the window period at the port of the canoe at lng by paying a trust fee of 1 million yuan/year, and in August the canoe station completed the seafloor pipeline, with an estimated disposal of 2.6 million tons in 2020.
The first two phases of the incremental phase: the project is expected to be launched in mid-2021, with a capacity of 8 million tons (equivalent to about 12 billion squares) of annual turnover after delivery, and an increasing capacity to channel offshore air resources. We believe that the advantages of the integration of the New Olympic shares will continue to emerge, and that the pier will become a long triangle and a China-dong area.
• Transition is well under way and demand is restored to future incremental time horizons
Depending on downstream demand and international supply, dynamically create and adjust diversified resource pools consisting of long, short, medium, short, and off-the-shelf, thereby increasing bargaining power and supplying downstream customers with sufficient gas and more competitive natural gas. Direct upstream/downstream trading projects landed: in October 2020, companies and Scholls sprung up (about 1.5 billion gases per year)
It is expected that in the future the company will develop more gas-spill-like city-fired customers, and that when the demand pool is large, the scale effect will help to reduce further.
Low cost of gas sources. Demand recovery, possible for the future: company 2020q1-3 retail gas volume of 15 billion, comparable to energy, the first gas-integrated tap of + 8.2%, with pressure on the impact of the epidemic; q3 retail gas volume of 4.87 billion, in a single season perspective, same
We plan to keep the company up at 10% per year, and there's plenty of room for future growth.