Nationally owned, internationally known high-end semiconductor microprocessor, semiconductor integrated circuits.
24 February 2025 High-end equipment in the field of manufacturing, advanced encapsulation, led extension production, power devices, mems manufacturing and other microprocesses.
Liu Yangdong made production lines and advanced encapsulation production lines using primary domestic and foreign customers ranging from 65 nanometres to 14 nanometres, 7 nanometres and 5 nanometres and more advanced integrated circuits: mocvd equipment technology and the city
In recent years, rapid growth in corporate corrosion equipment contributed to higher corporate incomes, with annual composite growth rates in the size of corporate business from 2019 to 2023 reaching Wang Achi.
The market for semiconductor equipment is wide-ranging and autonomously controlled to meet development opportunities. At the end of the industry, the semiconductor industry cycle since 2024 has stagnated and the demand of the ai boosted the global semiconductor market demand recovery, with the spread and development of technology such as 5g, cloud computing, and
The emergence of new applications such as ai, hpc, and the upward trend in the semiconductor sector. The semiconductor is a cornerstone of industrial development, with a wide market space, and is expected to be $128 billion in innovation, according to Semi ' s projected equipment market size in 2025.
Developments such as storage stacks impose higher technical requirements on corrosion and film deposition equipment and drive up demand for 12 mtha price range equipment. On the supply side, export controls on Chinese equipment are continuously upgraded overseas.
In the face of the global anti-globalization trend of semiconductors, the importance of self-control of semi-conductor equipment continues to be highlighted, the certification of domestically produced equipment is expected to advance positively, and the process of nationalization of equipment is expected to accelerate.
Home-grown etching equipment taps, inside and out of which multilined product layouts. Medium and micro captures state-of-the-art etching equipment leading by developing ccp and icp to cover most of the etching applications in the logical chip or storage chip manufacturing chain, and has been used in bulk for 7 nm and 5 nm and more advanced applications around the world.
In the last year, equities compared to depth of 300, integrated circuits are being processed to manufacture production lines and advanced sealed production lines. Companies are continuing to promote the development and certification of critical trades and crafts equipment, either as leading firms in the domestic production of etching equipment or as semiconductors.
The company is expected to continue to increase its share of the equipment. The company is able to create a multi-lined product layout through internal and external growth, on the one hand, by continuously enhancing the growth of the core business, continuing to corrode the equipment, increasing the product performance and increasing market share, and focusing on the development of micro-led and power.
In the area of speed devices, film equipment has further developed ipcvd, pi, etc. to increase the coverage of high-end key processes; on the other hand, product categories and applications have been expanded through extension development, e.g. investment in smart instrument layout detection equipment.
Import and extension development, not only to expand equipment coverage, but also to achieve industrial synergies, promising to break through critical process equipment and engage in competition with offshore equipment leaders, considering the strong international competition for corrosion and mocvd equipment from the company’s core products
My downstream clients are growing less than expected, international trade frictions are increasing, new products are being developed, and a national semiconductor-led enterprise is leading, with a high level of revenue growth.
1.1 Deep-farming microprocesses key high-end equipment, which is a national production alternative to leader Medium and Micro is a leading, internationally recognized, high-end semiconductor microprocessor.
In 2019, it became one of the first companies to be listed. Since its inception, the company has focused on the development and production of high-end semiconductor equipment and general semiconductor equipment, covering semiconductor integrated electrical circuits, advanced encapsulation, led outer film production, power devices, mems manufacturing.
Figure 1: The company ' s establishment to date has produced significant results in the development of its main products.
Existing products include critical equipment such as plasma etching equipment (ccp equipment, icp equipment, tsv equipment), film deposition equipment (lpcvd, ald equipment, etc.) for production in the front of integrated circuits for use in the area of led outer extensions and power devices
Mocvd equipment and large-scale voc purification for industrial use for flat-line displays of production lines are currently being used in bulk by companies for plasma etching equipment from 65 nm to 14 nm, 7 nm and 5 nm and more advanced integrated circuits for domestic and foreign frontline customers.
Production lines and advanced encapsulating production lines. The products of film deposition equipment developed by the company are well advanced, with multiple process certifications completed, ipcvd equipment and ald equipment gradually entering the market. In addition, mocvd equipment is heavily invested in the production lines of industry’s leading customers.
The company has no real control, and the Shanghai National Investment Commission+ Foundation is the company’s top two major shareholders. As of the third quarter of 24 years, the company’s first shareholder was in Shanghai.
The equity share is 15.05%, the second largest shareholder is 13.04%, the company has no real control, and the key decisions of the company are taken together in decision-making. In addition, the equity share of the second major fund is 3.93%.
The core technical team is experienced and has an international vision of technology. Most of the company’s founding team and core technical staff have the experience of leading international semiconductor equipment companies.
Dr. Yoon Zhiyu, founder, chairman and director-general of the U.S.M., has more than 30 years of industry experience in semiconductor chips and equipment, and is an international plasma etching technology development and industry.
In addition, the company has attracted semiconductor equipment experts with extensive experience from around the world, forming a mature research and development and engineering team specializing in plasma physics, radio frequency and microwave, structural chemistry, micromolecular dynamics.
spectroscopy, spectroscopy, vacuum machine transmission, etc.. 1.2 The size of the collection continues to increase so as to promote productive growth over time The size of the company's operating income maintains a high growth rate of 33.93%, cagr. From the income structure.
The annual increase of 813 million yuan to 4,703 million yuan in 2023 was an important source of revenue for the company, of which 2,698 million yuan was generated by plasma etching equipment, an increase of some 56.68 per cent over the same period, a decrease of about 49.04 per cent, mainly due to the decline in the terminal market for the last two years.
Figure 4: Income from corrosion and mocvd equipment Increases profitability and Māori rates remain high. Corporate net profits grew at a high rate in 2019-2023, reaching 75.43 per cent in cagr. Motherhood in the first three quarters of 2024.
The net after-tax gain of about $406 million, mainly from the sale of part of the high-tech stock held by the company during the same period in 2023, increases the profit base for that year. The expected product quality assurance loss from the profit margin level is factored into operating costs.
Companies continue to increase their R & D investment and the proportion of R & D personnel continues to rise. Companies insist on a high-quality growth strategy driven by R & D innovation, with an emphasis on R & D investment, spending 817 million yuan on R & D in 2023, an increase of 34.91 per cent over the previous year.
13.04%. The excellent technology and R & D team is the continuous innovation of corporate products and services. Figure 8: Continuous upgrading of corporate R & D staff. Stock and contractual liabilities increase and companies are full of hand orders.
Growth leads to raw materials being prepared by companies as a result of order start-ups; in terms of contractual liabilities, additional orders guarantee an increase in corporate revenue. 2 semiconductors are moving towards a better + self-controllable speed up, national production
In anticipation of development opportunities, the 2.1 cycle is driven by upward +ai innovation, spending on semiconductor equipment is growing, the cycle is recovering and i demand is resonant, and the semiconductor industry is returning.
The global semiconductor market is warming as the semiconductor industry cyclical rises and new applications, i.e., i. hpc. The market is expected to continue to recover in 2025, when artificial intelligence ai and high-performance hpc demand rises or drive higher demand for cloud-end and end chips.
Trends. According to World Semiconductor Trade Statistics Organization (wsts), emerging applications such as aai, 5g/6g, cloud/marginal computing, robotics and smart cars will be the driving force for the long-term development of the semiconductor industry in 2024.
The semiconductor industry is expected to increase its spending on semiconductor manufacturing equipment. The semiconductor is the backbone of the semiconductor industry, running through the crystal circle manufacturing, sealing, and testing. As the semiconductor market returns, the global investment in semiconductor equipment is expected to rise.
The global semiconductor equipment market is projected to reach $109 billion in 2024, according to Semi: 1) Crystal circle manufacturing equipment: strong Chinese equipment expenditure in 2024 and substantial investment in dram and high bandwidth storage (hbm) booster equipment
Projected expenditure increased to $98.3 billion; in 2025, Semi estimated a 14.7 to $113 billion increase in expenditure on equipment for the crystal circle plant.) Post-end containment equipment: back-end field demand recovered in 2024, with Semi estimating sales of test/envelopement equipment
67.44 billion United States dollars, or 7.4 per cent per cent growth; expected recovery in end-market demand and catalytic demand for the supply growth of the front-end crystallized mill, which is expected to accelerate at the end of 2025, with an estimated increase of 30.3 per cent/34.9 per cent in the sale of test/envelopery equipment.
China’s equipment market, which is expected to reach $35 billion in 2024, is still the largest semiconductor market in the world, with more than $30 billion sold to mainland China in 2023. According to Semi, equipment in mainland China in 2024 is projected to be the largest in the world.
The manufacturing market is expected to reach $35 billion.
2.2 Process upgrade + storage stack development, leading to corrosion and membrane equipment requirements 2.2.1 etching and membrane are key equipment for front-track manufacturing, with investments in equipment accounting for about 36%, with the highest value of investment in crystal-crystal forward equipment, exceeding 80%.
Semiconductor equipment is divided into two main categories: front-track equipment (crystal circle manufacture) and back-channel equipment (envelopement, testing). According to Semi, investment in crystal-crystal manufacturing equipment amounted to about 80 per cent of total equipment investment by 2023.
The crystal circle manufacturing process is extensive, and the three core processes have half the value of equipment. The integrated circuit manufacturing process is complex, with light etching, etching and film deposition being the three semiconductor manufacturing core processes: the light engraving process is the light that is generated by the light engraved machine.
A photo mask with graphics is exposed to a thin film with light engraved gel, transferring the circuit map to silicon crystals, light engraved on a round surface; 2 etching processes refer to the selective removal by physical or chemical means of specific parts of the sediment layer to form the required device structure or pattern: 3 film depositions
It's a multi-layered structure of the chip that allows the device to be connected to each other on the surface of the silicon crystal circle, e.g., a layered circuit is created through three large process cycles of film deposition, light etching and etching, moving dozens of layers of photo masks from one layer to the crystal circle.
Equipment light etching equipment, etching equipment, thin film deposition equipment for the core production process. According to Semi, total investment in equipment at the Crystal Circle plant was 14 per cent in 2023 and 14 per cent in 1 in 2023, etching equipment: dry etching was mainstream in the market, size of the etching equipment market in 2029
Dry etching is mainstream in the market, and dry etching equipment has two technical routes: ccp and icp. By process, etching is divided into dry and wet etching: wet etchings are on each side.
Heterogeneity is poor, the side wall is prone to cross-cutting erosion and is now commonly used for process-size etching, or for cleaning, etc.; dry etching has good directional heterogeneity, which is the prevailing etching method, with a market share of about 90% of which is in plasma.
Body dry etching is dominated. Depending on the type of etching material, dry etching is divided into medium etching (silicon oxide, silicon nitrogen, light etching, etc.), silicon etching (silicon monocrysil, multi-crystal silicon, silicon, etc.) and gold.
Substant etching (aluminium, tungsten, copper and alloys, etc.). Depending on the method of producing plasma, dry etching is divided mainly into capacitive plasma etching (ccp) and electro-sensive plasma etching (icp), two types of technology
It basically covers etchings of different material types. Of these, ccp has a high ion energy, which is mostly etching for media materials, and can carve microstructures like deep holes, deep ravines, and so on; icp carves softer and thinner materials with low ion energy and very even ion concentrations.
The size of the global market for corrosion equipment, including silicon and metal materials, is now estimated to be more than $30 billion. According to mordor information, the size of the global market for semiconductor etching equipment is projected for 2024.
A total of $23.8 billion is projected to increase to $34.32 billion by 2029, and 2) membrane sedimentation equipment: the market for semiconductor membrane sediment equipment has a high potential for growth.
Accumulation. Depending on the process principles underlying the film preparation, these technologies can be divided into cvd (chemical phase deposition) equipment, pvd (physical phase deposition) equipment/plating equipment and ald (atomic layer deposition) equipment.
Generations. pvd growth mechanisms are simple, sediment rates are high, usually applied to a simple flat surface membrane preparation: cvd achieves plating by preparing solid material for chemical reaction, which can be applied to insulation membranes, hard mask layers and metal membrane deposition: ald has a very precise membrane
Cvd devices are widely used and ald is rapidly developing.
cvd equipment can be applied to different process nodes for membrane mass, thickness and filling capacity of pore ditches, and is the type of equipment with the highest percentage of membrane sedimentation equipment, with pecvd applying the advantages of its high sediment rate, membrane purity and density.
In most mainstream media films. According to gartner, the market for pecvd equipment in 2022 was about 28%, and the lpcvd equipment was about 10%. In addition, ald technology, based on its atomic-level sediment characteristics, has high film thickness accuracy and evenness.
In the context of a shrinking process and a more 3-d stereoization process, ald is expected to continue to increase market ownership of the semiconductor membrane rings with its technical advantages, such as very high step coverage and excellent filling performance of the ditches.
The market for semiconductor membrane sediment equipment has great potential for growth, estimated at $55.9 billion in global market size in 2029. The global market for semiconductor membrane sediment equipment expanded from $12.5 billion in 2017-2022, according to maxiizemarketresearch data.
To $23.3 billion, cagr = 13.26 per cent, and is expected to reach $55.9 billion in market size by 2029. Combined with sales of semiconductor manufacturing equipment in mainland China as a proportion of about 29 per cent of global sales, the size of the domestic market will reach $16.2 billion in 2029.
2.2.2 Process upgrade and stacking, stimulating equipment demand upgrading Chip process upgrade + 3d structure development, leading to rapid growth in corrosion, film equipment demand. As the integrated circuit chip manufacturing process evolves, and storage devices are from 2d
Gradual transition to 3d structure, making ion etching and thin filming processes the most critical step, with a significant increase in demand for related equipment market, which, according to gartner data, grew at a higher rate of dry etching equipment and chemical film equipment, cagr, respectively
15.34 per cent and 14.47 per cent. Advanced processes are moving towards smaller nodes, with multiple template processes adding etching and thin film processing steps. As the integrated circuit chip manufacturing process evolves, the width of the line shrinks.
Small, and the shift of the chip structure to the finfet, gaa, etc. 3d structure after the process has entered 28nm, has led to a more complex manufacturing process, which in turn has increased the demand for front-track manufacturing equipment. Moreover, due to the wavelength limits of the light-engine, 14nm and below are required.
Multiple template processes, which achieve smaller linear widths through multiple film depositions, light etchings, etching processes, have resulted in a significant increase in the number of processes such as film depositions and etchings.
More than 100 etching steps are required; according to the TAC, the 90 nm cmos process requires about 40 membrane deposition processes, and the 3mfinfet process has a large production line of about 100 membrane deposition processes.
Significant increases in complexity and process volume have led to the need for more semiconductor equipment, represented by corrosion equipment, thin film deposition equipment, to participate in the production process.
Figure 28: The principle of the multi-nautical template process of 10 nanometers 3dnand stacking layer is increased, and membrane sediment equipment and height are more important than corrosion equipment. The width of the integrated circuit 2d memory device is close to the physical limit.
In the 3d age, the main way to increase integration in the 3dnand manufacturing process is not to reduce the upper width of the single layer, but to increase the number of layers of 3D cubes. Each layer needs to follow the membrane sediment process to generate an increase in demand for the equipment.
Electronic disclosure indicates that the share of film deposition equipment in capital expenditure on the flosh chip line increased from 18 per cent in the 2d era to 26 per cent in the 3d era, and that the trend towards increased demand for film deposition equipment will continue as the number of inner layers of the 3dnand chip increases.
Externally, structural complexity imposes higher technical requirements for the etching process, which involves processing 40:1 to 60:1 deep holes or deep ditches on a silicon and nitrogenated silicon-silicon-silicon-silicon-silicon-silicon-silient-silent-silent-silient-silicon-silicon-silient-silt-silient-silt-silient-silient-silient-syres-silicon-silient-silent-silient-silibon-silent-silent-silent-silient-silibon-silent-silibon-silibon-silibon-silibon-silibon-silibon-silibon-silibon-silibon-silibs-sing-sing-spiner-spiner-spiner-to-severenult-sing technology-to-sed-sover-sive-sing-sing-sing-sing-sing-up-up-sover-sover-sover-spin-up-spin-up-sover-up-up-of-spin-s-up-of-up-spin-s-s-up-of-up-s-s-s-s-s-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-spin-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-s-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up.-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-
Compare, and increase demand for, etching equipment. Currently, manufacturers such as Samsung, Lights and sk Hercules are increasing the number of stacking layers, rolling out 200-story Nand products and upgrading to higher layers, corrosion equipment and film depositions.
2.3 Overseas-to-China export control upgrades, semiconductor equipment autonomously controlled or at a speed; external technology blockades + uplinks of in-house equipment manufacturers; and continued advances in the national production rate of equipment, which are expected to benefit from the technology of 3dnand as the core equipment in storage applications
Increased. The global semiconductor equipment market is highly concentrated, representing internationally recognized enterprises such as Asma and Premax semiconductors in the Netherlands and Tokyo Electronics and Dinse in Japan, based on excellence in finance, technology, customer resources, brands, etc.
According to the Institute, applications in key areas such as light etchings, etching equipment, film deposition, volume/calculation, ion injection equipment are still dependent on imports, and many equipment countries are still dependent on imports.
The production rate is less than 30%. In our view, in the context of the counter-globalization trend in the semiconductor industry, the domestic semiconductor chain is inexorable, and the semiconductor equipment industry is gaining ground with the escalation of external sanctions and the implementation and enforcement of domestic policies and funding.
The U.S.-Y.I.U. applies export controls to China and promotes the nationalization of semiconductor equipment. Countries and regions represented by the United States, Japan, and Europe have done so since 2022.
At this stage, countries such as the United States and the United States of America, as well as the United States, have made substantial restrictions on the sale of related semiconductor manufacturing equipment to China, with the aim of restricting our crystal mills from acquiring advanced process equipment (focusing on optical equipment, corrosion equipment and thin film deposition equipment).
On December 2, 2024, the United States Department of Commerce, Department of Industry and Security (bis), issued an updated export control code to further strengthen software tools for the development or production of semiconductors for high bandwidth storage (hbm).
We believe that, in the context of advanced process equipment “cricket”, the autonomous control of core equipment is a necessary trend, either because of supply chain security considerations, or because it will speed up the process of certification of domestically produced semiconductor equipment at various stages of the process, national production equipment.
The policy guidelines are backed up by financial support for the development of the semiconductor industry in the country. The industry is at the heart of our information technology industry.
In terms of financial support, the country has introduced successive large-scale funds to support the upgrading, technological innovation and autonomy of the semi-carrier industry.
In order to go to chip manufacturing, design, equipment and spare parts, three major funds were set up in May 2024, larger than the sum of the previous two, focusing on the entire industrial chain of integrated circuits, focusing on the core neck area, advancing key equipment and materials.
The aim is to promote the development of the future industry and to guide the implementation of seven innovative developments, such as technological advances, movable property, etc.
Upgrading of the industry and fostering of new-quality productivity. 3 IRs provide a multi-product layout, strengthen enterprise competitiveness, 3.1 IRs improve business layouts, and upgrade integrated circuit equipment coverage
Stick to a three-dimensional development strategy to improve the layout of the business from the inside to the inside. The company continues to pursue a three-dimensional development strategy that feeds into the key areas of integrated circuits, expands the application of and explores opportunities in other emerging areas of semiconductor equipment, and grows through endogenous growth and integration.
The company continues to strengthen core business growth, corrosion equipment continues to improve product performance and market share, mocvd equipment focuses on the development of micro-led and power devices, and membrane equipment is further developed.
In addition, by investing in smart equipment (testing equipment), technology (blind sedimentation), the ideal 10,000 lire (solar cell film), solayer (optic plating film) and other companies, both within and outside the sea,
Autonomous R & D + external investment to expand the layout of equipment in the integrated circuits area.
Autonomous R & D and extension, expanding competitive advantage in the area of corrosion equipment, while extending to the area of equipment such as silviculture, detection, etc., companies are expected to continue to break through key processors and compete with offshore equipment leaders. Companies now cover about 33% of integrated circuits.
Equipment in the key area, including corrosion equipment, film sedimentation equipment and detection equipment. Companies actively consider investing in and purchasing to integrate upstream and downstream of the industrial chain and related resources, pre-3.2 corrosion equipment leads the country, and key processes continue to break through.
Corporate etching equipment is a leading state of technology and process coverage continues to improve. Since 2004, the company has developed ccp etching equipment, which was extended to the icp field in 2012, and now has 15 single and double generations of ccp and icp.
Not only are the types to be applied to different processes, but they can cover most of the etching applications of the logical chip or storage chip manufacturing process. According to the 2024 performance exchange, MSMEs can cover about 95% of the etchings, including logic and storage devices.
In addition, both types of corrosion equipment technology developed by the company have reached international advanced water levels, and in the logical integrated circuit manufacturing chain, 12 inches of high-end corrosion equipment developed by the company has been used on the state-of-the-art production lines of internationally recognized customers and used in 5 nanometers and 5 nanometers.
Processing of a number of key steps in the lower device; at the 3dnand chip manufacturing stage, the company ' s plasma etching equipment has been applied to the volume of 64th and 128th floors.
The product has been recognized by the industry’s mainstream customers, and the ccp and icp etching equipment continues to increase. The company’s plasma etching equipment has successfully entered internationally and internationally known semiconductor manufacturing enterprises such as power stations, China Harbour International, the Rainbow Group, and the Yangtze Storage.
The ccp and icp corrosion plants continue to be shipped up at home and abroad. As of June 2024, the number of ccp and icp corrosion plants continues to rise.
The company accumulated over 3,600 ccp etching stations and, in the first half of 2024, more than 700 new delivery equipment were added, up to an all-time high. ccp etching equipment continued to be upgraded, Damascus and extremely deep-wide etching processes.
The company continues to promote equipment development and process optimization. In 2022, in the area of logical device manufacturing, a new generation of corrosion equipment for the Damascus process was developed; in the area of storage chip manufacturing, the development of a suitable manufacturing process for the chain would allow for an ultra-high width margin.
1) In the field of the manufacture of logical instruments, the integration of the carving process in Damascus was successfully validated. In the production process of logical instruments up to 28 nm, the integration of the carving industry in Damascus required the completion of the etching of the troughs and troughs at one time, the highest technical requirements and market occupation.
One of the most frequent etching processes. For this etching process, the company developed a two-resistible ccp cavity between electrodes, with real-time modulation of electropolar spacing and flexibility to regulate plasma concentration distribution and active free radical concentrations.
Distribute, responding effectively to the problem of achieving optimal homogeneity between the grooves and the puncture etchings required in the integrated Damascus etching process, greatly widening the process window for the integrated etching process.
The laboratory development is now well under way, with the certificate entering the testing phase, the second client entering the field validation process, and the assessment intentions of a number of clients. (2) In the storage system, the company is breaking at a very deep depth compared to the corrosion machine.
By corrosion, one of the most critical and difficult processes in advanced storage manufacturing, the key point is that the ion in the plasma is able to acquire a high level of energy and a good degree of rectitude, so that it can reach the bottom of a very deep-wide structure that promotes an etching response.
All right, the equipment currently required for the etching process is monopolized by foreign equipment suppliers. The company ' s self-developed hyper-deep ratio to the carburetor Primoud-rie uses a high power of 400khz to replace 2mhz as a trajectorized radio frequency source that effectively upgrades the ion through low-frequency radio frequency
Emission energy and rectangularity greatly improves the ability to carve deep-wide. At present, the device has proven its capacity to produce in the production line a mass with an etching structure of 60:1 deep-wide, applied to the most critical hyper-widedive etching process in the manufacture of dram and 3dnand devices.
At the same time, companies are actively laying ultra-low-temperature etching techniques, investing a lot of resources in ultra-temperature electrostatic straws and new etching gas studies, and actively stockpiling deeper-wide structures (#90:1).
The icp etching equipment process continues to improve coverage, and the product is rapidly released. The company ' s icp etching equipment products are on the production line of more than 60 customers covering such chips and devices as logic, dram, 3dnand, power and power management, and microelectric systems.
The company continues to promote advanced irp etching technology for the introduction of the next generation of icp carvings.
In 2023, the company introduced an nanovavehp on the base of the nanovse, which is suitable for deeper-wide corrosion of structures.
The range of the certification process for the icp etching device has been significantly expanded by two types of micp devices with deep width ratio and homogeneity. Multiple icp etching devices have been successfully validated at the production line and market space is expected to open.)
The company continues to push a variety of nanova products into advanced logical chips and advanced storage, which are validated by chip lines, in which nanovavehp has achieved a lot of production at the depths of the dram manufacturing than the multi-crystal silicon mask applications; and lux is gradually on the line of multiple clients.
To achieve a small yield. 2) Horizontal expansion of new and emerging device manufacturing applications. Primotwin-Star has developed logic chips for customers both in and out of the sea, powerdrives, minicro-led, hyperscopes for ar glasses, etc.
In addition, the first Primo-twinstar 200 is paid to the client for the metalens production line certification. 3) The tsv silicon puncture etching equipment of the commons is increasingly being used in advanced envelopes and mems.
Production. The company ' s 8 inches and 12 inches deep silicon etching equipment has obtained duplicate orders in mature etching markets such as crystal circle advanced encapsulation, 2.5-dimensional encapsulation and micromechanical system chip production lines, and has been successfully validated on the silicon puncture etching process of the 12 inches of the 3d chip, and
Obtaining certification opportunities on the world's first 12-inch micromechanical system chip line for new European customers, the validation of these new processes will help the company primotsv300e to carve 3.3-coded film deposition equipment, and the development of the new product is progressing well.
Development of multiple membrane sedimentation equipment, product validation progressing. The company has autonomously developed multiple equipment such as lpcvd equipment (low-pressure chemical phase deposition equipment), ald equipment (atomic layer deposition equipment) and epi equipment (extended growth equipment).
Six months ago, the company achieved efficient R & D delivery and certification of six items of equipment through customer mass production, and the company’s new product, lpcvd, was first sold. In the first three quarters of 2024, an additional order of $30 million was placed on lpcvd, and the new product was in the process of being released.
1) Tungsten tungsten series membrane sedimentation equipment: The company is fully autonomous in designing and developing two-stage tungsten series equipment that can achieve industry-leading productivity while ensuring lower chemical consumption, excellent staircase coverage and filling capacity to meet advanced levels
Applications for metal contact and contact puncture filling of the device grid, as well as several key applications in the 64th and 128th floor 3d hand.
2) ald titanium nitrogen equipment: development of multiple equipment successfully advanced, new company development of ald titanium nitrogen equipment, product performance certification at internationally advanced levels that can be satisfied
Logic and storage of multiple key application needs. 3) epi equipment: company-organized epi equipment research and development teams have developed autonomous intellectual property rights and innovation through basic research and the adoption of technical feedback from key clients.
Design options for handling and extending the cavity. The company’s pi equipment has now successfully entered the client validation stage to meet the electrical and programmable multi-product R & D of the silicon growth process in the client’s advanced process. The company is expected to become a new growth point in the future.
Based on the research and development of the existing metal cvd and ald equipment, the company has planned and is developing a large amount of cvd and ald equipment. According to information from the 2024 semi-annual performance exchange, the company is developing more than 18 lpcvd equipment products, and we believe that with the company ' s film equipment, the company is developing more than 18 items.
It is hoped that the market will be further enhanced by an increase in coverage. 3.4-mocvd equipment, an international leading manufacturer, will develop new products for the frontier, the mocvd equipment, which is the key equipment in the production of the led chip and power device.
Mocvd is a chemical gas phase sedimentation process using metal organic compounds as source substances, commonly used in phosphorus (inp), gallium arsenic (gaas) and nitride (gan) as part-conductor material extension processes for three or five groups of compounds, which are widely applied to optical devices,
Mocvd is the key equipment for the production of extra-leafs such as led, nitroazepine and silicon carbide devices used for lighting and displaying screens, of which, according to company announcements, mocvd was purchased at the led production line.
The market for mini/microlled and third-generation power devices is expected to drive upstream mocvd extension production equipment requirements.
As the new mini-led displays increase penetration, the high-end micro-led display shows commercialization, and the third generation of semiconductor power, represented by nitride and carbonated silicon.
The market space for the device is opened rapidly, and it is expected that more relevant extended production equipment will need to be released, as seen in Mini/microled, where the trend in technology has been gradually reduced based on the spacing of pixels, and Mini/microled is a product of fine-tuning developments in recent years.
Mini-led, on the backlight and directly showing a rapid rise in market demand, will help drive product penetration as the scale and technological maturity rises in the future. For microlled, its current output is driven by large monitors, and as technology rises.
The technological advances and the expansion of applications such as the arcro-led growth space are expected to open up, and according to the Trendforce data, in 2024, the value of the microled chip production is about US$ 39 million and is expected to increase to US$ 489 million by 2028.
In the case of semiconductor power devices, there is a greater potential for applications than conventional silicon-based power devices, such as gan and sic, which are efficient and high-performance. gan is used mainly in small and medium-frequency power areas such as mobile phones and computer fastening, data centres, etc.; sic is mainly used in data centres.
For high-power areas such as electric vehicles, photovoltaic storage, orbital transport, sic and gan are projected to reach $10 billion and $2.45 billion in market size in 2029, respectively, according to yole projections.
Figure 49: Sic and gan are key areas in the power semiconductor industry, starting with the mocvd equipment field, with the prismoa7 product technology launched in 2017, which is highly powerful, breaking the market monopoly of two international firms, Vieco and Atheqiang.
In 2018, the company was an absolute leader in the global nitrazine market of lodmocvd. The company then launched a product line for its multi-producer extension equipment, which developed the prismoa7 for blue light light, the prsmohit3 for deep UV led, and the Mini-
The led shows that products such as prismounimax continue to serve customers. Celebrity, maintain the vanity of nitro-based mocvd devices on the international market.
Point, widely recognized by downstream customers, is an international leader in the area of the mini-led display of outer-extended production equipment. Close to market trends, high-end layout displays and power devices frontier.
During the year, the company continued to promote product development in the frontier industries, and the development of specialized mocvd equipment for micro-led applications went well, with the laboratory initially producing excellent wavelength homogeneity performance, and in 2023 a prototype was sent to a leading domestic client for production certification.
In addition, the company has actively distributed the third-generation semiconductor equipment market for powerware applications, while the mocvd equipment developed by the company for the gan powerware has been delivered to a number of leading domestic and international customers for production certification and acquisition
Repeated orders, and based on the new demands of industry, new mocvd devices for the production of nitrous thorium power devices are being developed to enhance competitiveness; on the other hand, the company has initiated the development of sic power extension production equipment, which is now larger.
Technological advances have resulted in good process results, prototypes have been shipped to clients for production certification, and business negotiations are under way with a number of leading clients.4 Profit forecasting and investment proposals
We predict the performance of the various segments of SME's business as follows: 1) etching equipment: the company's plasma etching equipment continues to gain more customer approval both domestically and internationally, and the key etching process and advanced storage units in the advanced logical device are super-high.
In the first three quarters of 2024, the company carved (2) mocvd equipment: due to the market recession of the downstream led application, the company is expected to see a steady increase in sales of corrosion equipment.
The scale of the mocvd equipment business has declined. The company's current deployment of mocvd equipment for new display and power devices, the development and validation of new items, is well advanced and is expected to move gradually to bulk delivery. We predict that the mocvd will be installed in 24-26 years.
3) Framing Sediment Equipment: New items developed by the company start-up release volume with an additional order of $168 million for the first half of the year 2024 rpcvd. The company has a large number of new equipment products entering the market, some of which have received duplicate orders, and several other key films are sank.
The build-up project is moving forward. We believe that, as the new product is being validated, the spare parts and services are going well: we think that with the corrosion device and the mocvd device, we're going to be able to select the North, the North, the United States, China, China, China, China, China, China, the technology, the micro-guiding nano,
Precision electronics is a comparable company for medium-sized micro companies, all of which are excellent in semiconductor equipment, with a strong similarity to the company’s ownership and outreach. The average perpen is 52/36/28 times higher in 2024-2026, taking into account the fact that the company is a domestic corrosion device.
With a leading technical level at the head of the mocvd equipment, which will benefit fully from the self-controllable trend of semiconductor equipment, we predict that MSMEs will achieve consistent ifind expectations by 2024-2026, market value as at 24 February 2025)
1) Downstream customer expansion risks below expectations: In recent years, chip crystal mills and led chip manufacturers have carefully expanded production.
Reduced demand will affect the volume of firm orders, which in turn will affect the company ' s performance 2) international trade friction increases the risk that if China and the United States trade friction continues to deteriorate, the company ' s productive operations will be affected.
3) New product development and technological upgrading are less than expected: in response to the diversity of customers, both within and outside the country, the company continues to upgrade the equipment process and proposes to develop a new equipment product if the new development product and the process are not effective in meeting customers
Demand, lack of customer recognition, expansion of the company's product market and business Author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association to provide this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, and to ensure that the information used in the report is derived from compliance channels, that the author's research views are clearly and accurately reflected, and that any conclusions are not in any third place.
In addition, any part of the author’s remuneration is not directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendation or opinion in this report.