Center for Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Studies Deep Analysis of Ocean Growth Spaces and Growth Engines Market Prices (RMB): 228.81
• Growth space: Sub-high-end expansion of the main tone, with wide scope for upgrading the structure of products within and outside of the province. The benefits are derived from rising public consumption, with sub-high-end industries opening up opportunities for development. The 2020 dream series accounted for more than a third of the harvest and nearly 45 per cent of the blue classics, and we expect that the dream series will accelerate the rise.
The growth space in Hanoi lies in an increase in the concentration of sub-higher industries and in the main price of white wine in key markets; the extra-provincial space lies in deep-deep regional cultivation, the nationalization of the dream series, and the escalation of consumption in the New Jiangsu markets of Anhui, Shandong and Henan.
▪ Reform effectiveness: Channels and product reforms have worked, waiting for the nationalization of the new series of products. 1) Channels: The distribution model has been changed to “one-stop shop, multi-market distribution”, reducing price volatility caused by disorderly competition among distributors. In terms of testing, elimination of the “one-size-fits-all” hard test, core evaluation of focused prices.
G. There is a significant increase in the profit margins of the Dream Series, end-of-life distributors, and there is ample push. 2) Products and brands: m6+ and Crystal Dreams add more old wine to their original products, and the quality of their products improves further. The production of high-quality bikinis will support companies in the layout of high-end products.
As a result of this remarkable performance, there are a number of core market bases of between 2 and 3 billion dollars, and full brand marketing has been further upgraded.
In a three-quarterly review of the double-shooting-Yan River shares, it is expected that the crystal dream, dream 6+ sales revenue will break the target of 10 billion dollars in 1455, corresponding to three years of accelerated release. 2) The company ' s medium- and long-term planning revenue will be 70 per cent of the total, compared to the share of the dream series.
It is hoped that the sea will accelerate, and the sky will converge. Meanwhile, 20 years of brand-new wine strategy, and the second half of 21 years of "The Soo Liquor is on its way, and the effect of the reforms is gradually moving steadily forward, with the upgrading of the sea, the replacement of the sky, and the upgrading of the multi-dimensional reforms are to be expected.
Profit measurement: Structural upgrading + cost efficiency + internal incentives, business efficiency improvement. 1) Benefited from "Deduction of discounts + product substitution + structural upgrading" with a significant increase in the Māori ratio of the ocean river. 2) "20 Young people in action, continued reform of the Soho Liquor Leader. "
The restructuring of the organizational structure was completed, the Ministry of the Sea, Heaven and Dream Industry was fine-tuned, the channels, distributors were deepened - the Ocean River Stock Company was rated. 2020.3.1 The discount subsidy was converted into a direct subsidy for terminals and consumers, and the cost-effectiveness was clearly optimized.
In the medium and long term, companies are expected to improve the treatment of sales personnel.
In-depth study of River Stock Company, 2020.2.20  Profit forecast: In view of the steady recovery of current demand, ongoing reforms, streamlined corporate mechanisms, promising internal incentives, expected gradual acceleration of performance over the next three years, we adjust profit forecast
At the beginning of the 21st century, the Ocean River launched a classic series of blue, uniquely coloured cotton fragrances and excellent ones.
Quality of products, excellent brand marketing and channel operating patterns are moving towards nationalization, with income and profit volumes at the top of the industry. From the second half of 2018, Ocean River operations faced greater challenges, mainly due to competition in sub-high-end industries: 1) and are facing the suppression of high-end white wine and the impact of real estate alcohol: 2)
The ocean rivers have long accumulated historical problems of product ageing, profit margins, terminal price disruptions, and rigid appraisals: 3) The sea, and poor catalysts for price increases. In July 2019, as Liu Xianxuan returned to the ocean, the corporate landscape of change opened up.
In the 2020 in-depth report, " Reforms are deepening and the ocean is entering a new journey " , a detailed industrial analysis of the dilemmas faced by the ocean rivers and specific medium- and long-term reforms, as well as an exploration of the effectiveness of corporate reforms in terms of products, regions, channels, etc. At present, short- and medium-term changes in the ocean rivers are beginning to bear fruit, turning back.
This report looks at the path of oceanic change from a completely new perspective, and will look at the effectiveness of the ocean’s evolutionary reforms, explore the opportunities for income and profit growth, and re-exploit the new value of the wine taps. First, there is a vast space for growth, creating a series of dream series of 100 billion copies.
1.1 Space measurement: sub-high-end expansion of the main tone, accelerated upgrading of product structure 1.1.1 Population consumption rise + high-end white wine price differential space, dream series increase ratio  personal consumption increase  sub-high-end development to meet opportunities.
In 2011-2019, the share of white wine in government consumption fell from 40% to 5%, business consumption rose to 55%, and personal consumption rose from 18% to 40%.
High-end white wine prices open up the sub-higher ends. Between 2015 and 2020, the bulk and retail prices of high-end white wines, such as the huts, the five grains, rose steadily, and a series of products were raised frequently in the cellars of Kyushu.
White wine raises the price of the white wine industry’s price ceiling, providing a vast space to position the secondary high-end white wines that follow.                                                                                           .
It is estimated that the share of the dream series in white wine income rose from 16% in 2016 to 34% in the first three quarters of 2020: the share of the blue classic income rose from 24% in 2016 to the third quarter of 2020.
Some of the sub-high-end sales were completed before the festival, and while demand for dinners, business receptions, group purchases and so forth was damaged for a short period of time, they were substantially supplemented on Mid-Autumn Day and were generally less affected than medium-size wine. According to the survey, in the first three quarters of 2020, the number of sea- and sky-events fell.
The dream series has fallen by a small number of places, and the blue classic series has fallen by a large number. 1.1.2 Within the province: sub-higher concentration is expected to increase, consumption has accelerated, local small wine factories and vulnerable property outside the province produce fresh wine, and the sub-higher share is expected to continue to concentrate on the top.
In 2019, approximately 55% of cr2 was in the lower end of Jiangsu province, compared to the higher end of cr (60%) in Jiangsu province, the 200-300 price band of cr (66%), and there is still room for improvement in the concentration of wine in the lower end of the province. While the pre-production of wine in the provincial area could be expanded at considerable cost through investment in Jiangsu, it would still require more products at a later stage.
In the medium and long term, the sub-higher pace of growth has slowed and competition has intensified, with a trend towards cleaning up the small wine factory, and some provincial wine production will be withdrawn from Jiangsu market. Chart 7: Estimates of the pattern of competition between Jiangsu, Jiangsu, Jiangsu, Anhui, 200-300 won in white (2019)
The product structure of the Subei and Su China Rivers still has room for improvement. In 2019, the world's guiding product of the tera+ category (country-to-country, four-to-one, etc.) was 56% compared to 53%, and the blue of the ocean's dreams plus the blue of the sky was 53%.
More than $2 billion and more than 60% of the dream series, with dreams 3+6 accounting for 50% and dreams 9+ manual classes for nearly 10%. In the provincial feasting scene, Subei’s share of consumption was more than 30%, with the rest of it being the blue of heaven; Yangzhou, Jinjiang and others in Su, with dreams 3 and supported by the blue of heaven; and Nanjing City, with dreams 6 per cent.
4-5%, with 3%; 6% to 7% in the South; and 5% in the Southern Pastry, and so on. With the future economic development in North and South Africa, and the white liquor main price belt, the current level in South Sudan is expected to rise, with 3% to 6% in the Ocean.
1.1.3 Off-provincial: Deep-farming in the region + rising consumption, with full potential for dream series, and deep-farming in markets outside the ocean province. Since 2012, the ocean river has been nationalized and has now opened new markets in Shanghai, Henan, Anhui, Zhejiang, Shandong, Hebei, Hubei, etc.
In 2019, the market size of Henan, Anhui, and Shandong-Yao River was about $3.518.25 billion, with cities accounting for about 9%, 6%, and 4.5%. Compared to 25% + in the province, the river still has the potential for deep cultivation in the off-provincial market. In 2019 it was about 54%.
The company’s planning target is 70%, and it is expected that the next 3-5 years will remain a critical period for the expansion and deepening of the off-provincial market. Chart 9: Jiangsu, Anhui, Henan White wine competition patterns are estimated (2019).
Twenty-five percent, Anhui, Shandong, Henan, etc., are generally concentrated in 10-20%, and there is still room for moving the mainstream price of white wine in the provinces. Research feedback shows that the share of sea, sky, dream income in 2019 was 3:5, and the share in the provinces was 4:3:3.
1.2 Effectiveness of reforms: product and brand strength, confidence-building in channels, continuous improvement of channels, soft tests to ease factory relations. Problems with past channels deposits in the River Ocean, vendor relations, market order, etc.
As soon as the firm changes its style, it implements a division of labour, resources, and capable distributors take the lead in the new model of collaboration with the manufacturer. Dealers move from “multi-business co-existence, overlapping responsibilities” to “one-business-based, multi-manufacture distribution” and reduce the price generated by the distributor's unprogrammed competition.
In terms of testing, “one-size-fits-all” sales were eliminated from the hard test, the Spring Festival did not set a return target, the core test focused on prices. Distributors and end-of-end profit rates for the dream series increased significantly. At present, the dream 6+ province is almost complete.
Import, lot 570-580, terminal price 630-640, stacked red pack return, terminal profit rate of about 10% 680, Henan terminal price 700+, channel profit is significant. Crystal Dream is in import period, batch price 460, terminal price 440, stacked red pack return, terminal profit rate of about 9% (40-50), distribution
Figure 13: Merit prices and profits from distributors of the Ocean River (in the province)/Foreign World. 1.2.2 alcohol genes, with a national base for the dream series, have a national reputation, and have an excellent product quality. The River was once listed as one of the eight most famous wines, owned by the company.
The two brands, "Yo River," "Congregation" and "Congregation of China" define the strategy for dual branding operations. The "Yo River Blue Classic" works in depth with high-quality media, such as view, on many occasions, and through high-density advertising, participation in major competitions, international summits (g20, peaks)
The ads also emphasize men’s feelings and are more relevant to the cultural context of the time when the white market moves from government to commercial consumption, creating a distinctive brand image. m6+ adds more old wine to the original product, which is stored in the 100-year-old wine cellar.
The core market is solid, with accumulated capacity for the dream series. Revenues from the out-of-Yo River are growing at a very rapid rate than in the provinces, where the share of white alcohol income rose from 40% in 2015 to 54% in 2019.
There are 23 regions, more than 380 offices, with dealers accounting for more than 70%, and core markets such as Anhui, Henan, and Shandong, with a volume of about 2 to 3 billion. In addition, in 2019, the sea and overseas revenues amounted to about 60% + 55% +, building up brands and channels for the promotion of the dream series.
1.2.3 A successful change in the province of Dream 6+, long-term observation of the marketing of Dream 6+ outside of the province of Crystal Dream 6+ has largely replaced old dream 6 and the sexual maturation period of Spring Festival outside the province. Consumer recognition of M6+ has been high, and multi-field m6+ sales such as Nanjing have been replaced.
More than 68% of the year's age, the terminal price has stabilized at more than $600. In addition, on February 6, m6+ the price is 30 dollars per bottle, and the dealer's willingness to raise money has increased.
200%; Sunanm6+ channels are in stock for less than a month, with a doubling of sales during the season. From the second quarter of 20 years, the inventory in the province of Crystal Dream is almost complete and the price plate is stable. During the two-day festival of mid-20s, the company introduced a quota for old dream 3; at the end of November, the crystal dream began to be imported and the promotion model of 6+ was renewed.
. Channel research feedback indicates that the current provincial crystal dream is almost complete, price stability remains at its core, channel thrust and end recognition are increasing.
2.1.1 Distribution by product: 1450 Planning to achieve the dream series goal of two billion dollars  Current market concerns about high sea and natural income from ocean rivers and a phased growth in performance. Reviewed feedback, the blue classics accounted for 75% of the company's revenue in the first three quarters of 20 years, with the dream share.
• Dream series: no return profit. Dream 6+ raise by about $100 within DREAM 6. Exterior raise by about $150, projected to increase by 20-24 per cent compared to DREAM 6 as a whole; Crystal Dream raise by about 50-6+; Crystal Dream achieves 10 billion dollars in returns, corresponding to 24 per cent in Cagr for 19-25 years.
Three years of ocean river income growth is still driven by a series of dreams. Assuming a combined 20%, 20%, and 7% increase in crystal dream, dream 6+, dream 9 and manual class income in 19-23 years.
Over the course of more than a year of adjustment, the sea and the sky have slipped. In the medium and long term, the company expects the sea blue to grow back to its 150-dollar price belt, the largest single item, and the sky blue to its 300-dollar price. The reforms are expected to start in the second half of 2021.
3) Other white wines such as two ditches, ocean river curls: 20 years of brand-new wine strategy, two ditches set up in separate ditches, other white wines such as the annual two-divine compound increase by 8%.) In the province: the sub-high end of Jiangsu is growing faster (8% gpd compound per reference)
There are differences between the two sides, in terms of priority areas, price belts, and access to advantage, and the relationship in the next three to five years is still a virtuous competition rather than a malignant one. At present, the entry of Dream 6+ has been successful, the spring is booming, and the price and profit of the channel is still a central consideration; crystallized dream.
A gradual improvement has been achieved as a result of the upgrading of the reforms. Between 19 and 23 years, the combined increase in income in the provinces of China, Tian and Dynamite is expected to be -7%, 2%. In 2019, the share of income outside the province was about 54%, the share of income outside the province was about the same as in June.
Further deepening: 22 years of sea and sky reforms are expected to be effective. Outside revenue is expected to grow faster than within the province, accounting for $31.1 billion in operating income in 2023 and 56 per cent more than in the blue classic. 2.2 Profit measurement: structural upgrading + cost-efficiency and business efficiency improvements
2.2.1 Product structure upgrades into fast lanes, Māori rates will benefit in the long run The Māori ratio is expected to increase steadily in 2019 due to reduced discounts and product replacements and structural upgrades. Māori rates are expected to decline in 2019 and are expected to be the result of a large number of confirmations of return in the process of synthesizing the legacy of channels.
The Māori rate is higher in the dream series than in the other series, and it is expected that product structure optimization will contribute to the Māori rate, and that the upgrading of dream 3, dream 6 will contribute to the growth of Māori rates. Assuming that the Māori rate of other white wines, such as sea, sky, ditches, is stable (the Māori rate improvement in 2020 was confirmed by a reduction in the discount), the Māori rate in the dream series benefits.
▪ Sensitivity measurement: assuming that the sea-to-morigin ratio remains unchanged from the 2020 projection, based on the 2020 projection, the company's blue-line Māori rate will increase cumulatively by 4 pcts when the dream-to-sea ratio reaches 75% and 15%, respectively. Assuming the dream series Māori ratio rises by 3 pcts, equal
Under these conditions, the blue classic Māori rate will increase cumulatively by 6 pcts.
2.2.2 Organizational structure reforms are in place, cost-effectively compared to upgrades.
In 19 years, when Liu Xingxuan came to power, the company began to adapt its structure, partially opening the blue classic series and creating high-end branding (dreams 9, manual classes, etc.), Sea Sky, Dreamblue. In 2020, the Twin Gap branding business was upgraded to double.
Trench sales companies, which have formally started operating independently, have deepened the two-brand strategy of Ocean Rivers and Trenchs. The difference between the sea and heaven and the dream price bands has led to differences in the focus of the channels.
▪ Reduction of discounts, with cost spending centred on end-to-consumers. In the early years of the river, there was a certain negative impact on the Māori rate through the Fold Subsidized Channels and Distributors. After the reforms in the second half of 2019, the ocean river cost investment policy became clearer, clearer, reduced hidden inputs such as discounts, increased market extension costs, etc.
End-of-life, consumer subsidies. Terminals, consumers can get home-backed red bags directly through sweeps, with different rates for different products. Reflected at the end of the statement, ocean river advertising and promotion costs ranged from 2018h2 to 2.3 pcts (2019h2 white wine, with 3.7 pcts below the same rate, mainly through channels.
As a result of the reform, the pre-term discounts were widely recognized; the 2020h1 advertising and promotion rates remained stable in the context of the epidemic, with a similar increase in the rate of alcohol and alcohol and 2.2 pcts. The cost-effectiveness ratio increased, with more costs remaining at the end of the year.
Sales sub-company costs are still running a surplus, mostly in the prime of development. It is expected to benefit from the fine management of the sub-branch operations, the stacking of tilts in favour of consumers, and the improved efficiency of ocean river costs. In the medium and long term, dream series of new products are gradually matured and developed into a virtuous phase, at a cost.
At the end of the day, no final evaluation of sales, no final phase-out, and less stress. In addition, wages at the municipal manager and director levels have increased, promotion channels have opened up, and incentives for pay integration have been promoted. Reacting to the report, the pay of employees in ocean river sales costs has increased by 1.0 pcts, 20h1 more than 19h2 and 1.0 pcts, respectively.
At the beginning of February, the Board of Directors of the Yangtze River and the change of management are expected to move forward steadily. The Department has repurchased stocks of $1 billion (including transaction costs) in the previous period, and is expected to provide incentives to middle- and senior-level employees.
Figure 24: Disaggregated costs of ocean river sales since 2018h2.
We draw the following conclusions from detailed products, regional segmentation, and profiling:
With the rising consumption of the population, the sub-higher industries are opening up opportunities. In 2020, the dream series accounted for more than a third of the harvest, nearly 45% of the blue classics, and we expect that the dream series will accelerate.
There is a shift in the belt; the extra-provincial space lies in the nationalization of the area’s deep-farming, dream series, and the rising consumption of the new Jiangsu markets, such as Anhui, Shandong, Henan.
The distributor model has been transformed into “one-stop shop, multi-market distribution” to reduce price instability caused by disorderly competition among distributors. On the test side, the “one-size-fits-all” sales test has been eliminated, and the core test has been concentrated.
Products and brands: m6+ and Crystal Dreams add more old wine to their original products, and their quality improves further. The production of high-quality gins will support the company ' s layout of high-end products. In addition, the ocean river ' s famous wine has a strong core market base of between 2 and 3 billion dollars, and full branding is further advanced.
Revenue measurement: 14.5 billion dollars in savings, and income elasticity is expected to accelerate. 1) We believe that 14.5 billion dollars in revenue from crystallization, dream 6+ sales are expected to be exceeded by 14.5 billion dollars and released more rapidly in the next three years. 2) 70% of the company ' s medium- and long-term planning revenue is in the range of 70% of the province ' s total, and the dream series is out of the country.
At the same time, 20 years of a bicrowd strategy, a steady upgrading of the sea and the sky in the second half of 21 years, and a multi-dimensional upgrading of reforms are expected.  Profit measurement: structural upgrading + cost-efficiency + internal incentives, business efficiency improvements.
The reduction of discounts + product replacements + structural upgrading, and a significant increase in the Māori ratio of the ocean river. 2) Organizational restructuring completed, refined management by the Ministry of the Sea, Heaven and Dream Division, subsidies for pipelines and distributors shifted to direct subsidies for terminals, consumers, and cost efficiencies were clearly optimized. New products will be cultivated in the future.
In the medium and long term, companies are expected to improve the treatment of sales personnel in order to revive the military, adjust their personnel, buy back 1 billion yuan in shares, and the incentives, such as equity, are steadily deepening, with internal incentives giving dividends or will be released further.
▪ Profit forecasting: In view of the steady recovery of current demand, the ongoing reform process, the rationalization of corporate mechanisms, the prospect of internal incentives, and the prospect of a gradual acceleration of performance over the next three years, we adjust profit forecasting: the spread of new products is less than expected — the profit projection in this paper is based on the assumption that the expansion of the 6+ out of the province is progressing smoothly
All right, crystal dream, sea, and sky reforms are going well. If new products are not as popular as expected, they will affect companies' risk of recurring outbreaks – and if the domestic epidemic is uncontrollable, they will affect the demand for meals, banquets, business receptions, etc., and thus damage the consumption of white wine;
Regional market competition risks - the deterioration of regional market competition in Jiangsu province and key markets outside the provinces, such as Anhui, Shandong and Henan - will influence producer policy and, in turn, constrain corporate profitability. Food safety risks - if there is a lack of quality management in the production process either by peers or by the company itself.
The resulting food safety problems, and the demand for alcohol across the industry will be negatively affected. An analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market will then result in an average of the final ratings, which will be used as the average market investment.