Ocean River shares (00204): Change path clear, recovery path reboots, ocean river shares
Product, channel depth adjustment: By 2020, the river completed the upgrading of the Blue of Dreams, and the upgrading of the Rivers of Jiangsu River Liquor Co. Ltd. (the Soup Group), followed by clear prices for the river products and future companies focused on the Blue of Dreams, with the goal of making the dream a priority.
The three main brewing bases of the ocean river, two ditches, and Xiaoyang and the blues have created 10 billion singles. The reforms of the sea blue and sky blue can also take place.
At the same time, through product reform, the company moved from the original one plus one model of the manufacturer to the “one industry with the only one with the two main Chinese brands of the ocean river and the two trenches”, with a predominantly commercial and multi-commercially supported organizational structure, with a re-engineering of the benefits of the post-reform channels, and a reprofiling of the channels.
A new round of growth has begun: after almost a year of collating and integrating, it is gradually becoming clear that companies have captured the core issues of focus.
Debt relief and cross-share ownership: 2021 may still be the year of reform, but we believe that companies have strategically captured the core issue and that, in terms of the effects of the current reforms, they have gradually recovered to a growth path.
In the long term, the market share in the white wine industry will be further concentrated on brand-strong headlines in the future, especially with the determination of the future expansion of the sub-high-end price belt, the Ocean River as a sub-high-end white wine leader in pan-nationalization, based on brand and channel advantages, the prospect of full future consumption upgrading and market concentration.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: 2021 is still a year of corporate adjustment, and corporate performance is still hard to return to average industry growth. We have given higher-than-market profitability expectations, maintaining double-digit growth, 3 being the blue sky of the sea, 4 being the cost of the period.
East's financial and intellectual boom, Ocean River shares (002.04): The path of reform is becoming clear and the path of recovery is being revived The first category is divided into three categories: the first is the industry's climate cycle, such as the 2012 white wine industry, which is subject to a “3-cong” rejection.
The second category is due to poor business performance, which is caused by business failures, leading to corporate distress. The third category is for firms with a higher industry profile, where company decisions are correct, but where short-term capital flows are interrupted or debt overhang due to the long duration of the project or the mismatch of business resources.
For food and beverage companies, the second type of reversion is more common, i.e. firms often suffer from a decline in their performance as a result of the market phase-out of their products, or from short-term performance that cannot be changed over time, or from the loss of income as a result of competitive pressure. Such companies tend to have stronger brands and sticky consumers, and once the company adjusts correctly, they are comfortable.
It is easy to recover previously lost markets and re-enter growth corridors. How to judge whether firms in such dilemmas are operating out of the bottom, we think there are several important observations: 1; clarity and accuracy of the company’s product strategy; 2; whether the company’s marketing and channels match the product; 3; whether the company’s enforcement is in place (whether or not the incentives are in place):
If a food and beverage business is in a state of difficulty, it is likely that it will be able to get out of this situation. In the last few years, the river has experienced a slowdown in sales due to distribution of the benefits of the marketing chain and a failure of the channel strategy, and an increase in the stock of channels.
While it cannot be said that the ocean rivers are in a state of difficulty, the development of the ocean rivers has been problematic in the past few years. After almost a year of consolidation and consolidation, it is becoming clear that the companies have captured these core issues of focus, (1) that the incentives are gradually being put in place; (2) that the companies have gradually taken care of their channel interests; and (3) that the product is clearly located and that the product is being adjusted.
We believe, however, that the company has gradually emerged from the bottom and is expected to reverse its difficulties. 1. Product reform has led to changes in the marketing system, and the ocean river has launched a course of reform. 1.1 Channel management capacity and model mismatches.
The problems that have arisen over the last two years in the ocean's channels, we believe that the company's channel management capacity is not matched with the deep distribution strategy, that the development of channel management capacity lags behind the speed of the channel expansion, and that the channel strategy for deep distribution is not matched with the high-end alcohol development thinking.
A year later, high-end white wine is being squeezed at lower-end prices. In this process, medium- and high-end white wine channels have become fragmented, the grouping channels have emerged stronger, and the circulation market has gradually been replaced.
Under the “1+1” model, the ocean rivers have greater control over the channels, and new recruits have been matched by mature and efficient management teams to help the distributors achieve deep coverage of small and medium-sized enterprises, while taking advantage of the personal advantages of the original regime’s acquisition, which has developed rapidly.
According to the public data at the time, the effect of the reform of the company’s channels was evident, with the share of the company’s conglomerates in 2014 having reached an overall mid-high end to be added by the year, depending on the country’s conglomerates, which increased from 5,000 to about 15,000. During a period of overall industrial downturn in 2013, the development of the conglomerates led to an increase in revenue from ocean-water sales at that time.
A decline of 3.89 per cent over the same year, a decline of 13.01 per cent over the same year in income from ocean river sales, and a decline in sales earnings greater than industry averages, but by 2014 the decline in sales from white plate sales increased to 10.19 per cent, while the current revenue from ocean river sales declined by only 2.34 per cent and recovered rapidly in high growth in 2015.
Further implementation of the “522” polarization project on the channel in 2015 and further development of channel farming and deep distribution. “522 polarization” refers to five polarized targets, two polarized transformations and two polarized guarantees, which are essentially tactical guidance for deep distribution patterns, weak distributors, subordinated to the manufacturer's strategic command, and factory lines of work, with overall tactical clarity, “everyone has something to do” around five.
The growth core continued to thrive, a measure that had been better at the time, but that had also created a risk. The source of the financial boom in the East, which had been inundated with extra-occupational capital in the search for improved channels and deep distribution, was the result of a massive influx of salesmen at the end of the ocean.
But the entire management system has not kept pace with the expansion of channels, and when new distributors have been integrated, three major problems have emerged: (a) the lack of capacity to develop new customers after new distributors have developed existing resources, which has led to a significant flow of goods into circulation and a serious chain of goods; and (b) the lack of professionalism of large groups of buyers and distributors, who, when sales have been blocked, resort to low-cost dumping strategies.
Product prices have become more transparent, leading to lower profit margins and lower thrust of channels;3 the manufacturer's 1+1 model, although more controlled by the market, has also led to a loss of initiative on the part of some distributors. By the end of 2018, the problem of the mismatch between access and management capabilities had deepened, and the price reversal of channels had become more pronounced, with dealers selling more.
Real profits from sales are low, with stricter regulations in the ocean river market and less incentive for distributors to sell voluntarily. Figure 3: Prices of ocean river products are organized.
An example of this growth indicates that the contribution to income has begun to diminish through a model of increased distributors and expanded channels. Figure 4: Changes in the number of river distributors; Sources of financial prosperity in the East
Ocean River Shares (002.04): Reform path is clear, recovery path is back on track 2, price increases are unsuccessful, pipeline stocks are high, and the ocean River is using price hikes to deal with the lack of incentive, and it is hoped that through price increases it will be able to address the low profit margins and the market power of the channel.
In June 2018, when the river launched the fifth generation of the blue sky of the sea, the blue seal of the sea became larger, except for the new bottle, which changed from the "Yanghespiritclasic" to the "yanghespiritclasic" and the blue bottle of the sky used sandy material; in addition, the company had the latest surprise on the product’s security sign.
This upgrade boosts the blue classic price increase to ensure that it is carried out smoothly. The ocean rivers also go up the sea blues, sky blues, dream blues factory prices, and terminal prices, of which, in terms of prices, the blues of the sea rise by $4 per bottle, the blues of the sky rise by $6 per bottle, the blues of the sky rise by 3 m, m6, m9 cents.
Don't raise $5/bottles, $5/bottles and $10/bottles; with regard to terminal prices, sea blues rise by $60/boxes, sky blues rise by $100/boxes, dreaming that while the new sea blues, sky blues add more old wine, wines are more softer and more popular, end retail prices do not rise in synchronous fashion due to the 100-300 price with high price sensitivity and mutual substitution of products. At the same time, the sea blues rise in the upgrading process.
By the end of 2018, there was a high stock of dealers in the provinces, most of which had a high stock of dealers.
The marketer's inventory reached a four-month high, putting a lot of pressure on operations.
In 2016, a two-pronged strategy was proposed for the "brand plus channel", which, in line with the requirements of the Guidance Programme for Channel Triple Construction in the present world, promoted regional market networking, channel construction flattening, terminal management fine-tuned and different products.
The public revenue from sales grew from 2,554 million yuan in 2016 to 4,874 million yuan in 2019, creating a stronger influence in the markets of Nanjing, Salt City, etc., and creating a positive competition for the ocean. According to public information, the share of the market in Jiangsu in the current world has increased each year since 2016.
In addition to this, competitions such as Quantico and Guai are also active in Jiangsu market, forming a new business in the province.
1.2 Reforms initiated, rerouted 1, imported m6+, product reform boosters upgraded, faced with low profit lines and low dealer activity, and at the end of 2019, the river opened reforms, re-initiated by the import of m6+ new items
On the one hand, the company has completely upgraded the quality of the M6+, adjusted product specifications, and improved product prices. The terminal guidance price is $660, the billing price is $620, an increase of about $100 from the old m6.
Independently invested, refined and nurtured, giving core resources to the m6+ wine design, branding resources, distributor selection, channel layout, etc. The source of financial prosperity in the East, the innovation of the multi-channel marketing model, optimizes the distribution team, and weighs it according to the distributioner layout of the “one-stop shop, multi-market approximation”
The idea of the new recruitment, which is based on a more profit-free approach, is that the channel is dominated by older m6 distributors, supported by a new hiring firm. The provincial capital city city can develop five groups of buyers, the local city city can develop three groups of buyers, the county city can develop two groups of buyers, and strict control over the quantity and quality of the group's purchases, ensuring quality market distribution.
By April 2020, the company had completed its M6+ intra-provincial recruitment process, and in June 2020 it had fully launched its outreach programme. To date, the M6+ has been largely completed.
This reform, on the one hand, addresses the loss of profit through the same channels caused by the excessive number of distributors in the same region, while also improving the division of labour and the inefficiency of internal resources, solving many problems in terms of efficiency. Following the introduction of the M6+ in December 2019, the blue crystal of the M3-upgrading dream continued to be launched in November 2020.
The same pattern of operation was also promoted by product reform, which led to the transformation and upgrading of the channels behind the process, with a view to smoothing the profit chain between distributors and distributors.2 At the end of 2019, the company initiated the restructuring of its organizational structure, which was restructured from two major departments to five.
It is currently being restructured into five major departments: 1) Handworks and Dream 9 has established a high-end department: 2) Dream Blue Department (primely attacked sub-high-end prices): 3) Seaday Industry Department: 4) Traditional Old-name Liquor Industry Department: 5) Double Gap Branding Department. Figure 9: Ocean River Organization Structure Restructured
At the grass-roots level, companies operate separately from the dream blues at the level of marketing organizations, offices, and, depending on the two types of product, dream blues and sea blues, sky blues, dream blues, direct services to high-end populations, and grabs the resources: the blues of the sea, the blues of the sky continue to be distributed through traditional channels.
It is worth noting that, on the basis of the Bicrow branding Department, a two-circle sales company was set up independently in 2020 to separate people and distributors from the ocean pool, to create an additional area south of the two-circle, and to re-establish targets and market strategies for bicrowd brands. The two-crow brands sell more than 5 billion dollars a year.
With the new adjustments, the two trenches are expected to break new ground in the future, while the company re-establishs the system and re-directs the costs. The basic direction is to re-direct the inputs.
Proportionality and intensity, reduction of absolute inputs from channels and distributors, and consumer-oriented targeting of costs to consumers. At the same time, in the direction of spending, the focus is on m6+, with different product designs.
It is more evident from the Māori sales rate of Yoo River that the Māori sales rate of companies increased significantly in all quarters of 2020. Since late 2019, the former Blue Classics company, which had been running the business, and Liu Xingxian, Vice-Chairman of the marketing company, had been in charge of marketing, and faced with the high stock pressure of distributors and the decline in sales revenues, the company’s top executives had made a decision not to press down at any time.
In the case of sales personnel, the company makes a flexible test, with the aim of deflating the stock, without increasing pressure on the channel. The company does not impose a marketing test, focuses on the price and inventory system, does not impose a terminal phase-out on sales personnel, and some markets begin to cross-check, breaking the one-year time limit and reducing the pressure on business personnel.
For sales personnel, using a flexible test approach, in 2019, the pressure on the staff of the operation was reduced, the content of the test was adjusted, and a flexible test was implemented, for example, from a one-year review cycle to a 2-3-year review cycle, and the motivation of the staff was mobilized. The main purpose of adjusting the performance of the appraisal was to ensure that the income of the staff during the performance period was guaranteed, that staff morale was not affected or that the workforce could be stabilized.
The test is also designed to prevent employees from taking the initiative to crush their inventory in order to fulfil their test objectives. This has resulted in a reduction in the rate of separation of employees.
2.1 The product matrix is clear, the sub-high-end price belt 1 and the sub-high-end price belt is excellent.
The goal, as a priority product, is to hit the dream blue into 10 billion singles. Next to the reform of the sea blue and the sky blue, the ocean river is in a state of sub-high-end maturity, high-end price stability, super-high-price attack.
Sub-high end: active promotion of sub-high end, including mainly m6+ and m3 crystals, sustained consolidation of sub-high end price leading position, and close proximity to sub-high end magnification opportunities. Medium-low end: steady development, including mainly the blue sky, the blue sea, highlighting product and brand advantages, coupled with an iterative upgrade, will continue to break through the depth and breadth of the market in the future.
East's financial and intellectual boom, Ocean River shares (002.04): The path of reform is clear and the path of recovery is beginning again, especially the M6+ price band, at the sub-high price band of 600-800 won, without a strong competitor, is expected to become the sub-high price belt.
By the end of 2020, the M6+ replacement rate for the old M6 has reached more than 90% and is growing rapidly. According to company plans, the future M6+ is expected to become a 100 billion class of monolithic products that are the backbone of the ocean, and on the one hand, the M6+ brand that can lift the blue of dreams and increase its ability to do so.
The high end of the dream blue, on the one hand, m6+ emissions can provide a completely new growth pole for the ocean’s performance. The m3 crystal has been raised on the original m3 price, the mode of operation is similar to the m6+, the terminal price has been raised to the 500-bit band, the m3 crystal, followed by an increase in consumption in the 300-400-bit band of the main price of the local white industry, and is expected to be the same as the current trend of consumption escalation.
We believe that price increases are related, on the one hand, to the company’s desire to continuously raise the price belt of its products, and, on the other hand, to the fact that, after the reforms, the ocean’s dominant value chain has become smooth and the company is beginning to have the capacity to raise prices.
In April 2010, the river took 40.6% of the shares in the wine industry at a price of about $536 million and became a controlling shareholder. On 21 March 2011, the river issued an announcement that it acquired 59.4% of the shares in the wine industry at a total price of $1,175 million.
Starting in 2018, the two-brand strategy of the Ocean River + Two Trench was established, with companies forming a dedicated team for two-crowd brands, slanting resources, focusing on marketing resources and team attention, and creating a full-scale team of professionals to completely release brand dynamism. With the dual branding strategy in motion, products such as Soo's branding and Trench's Treasure Room and Seals have been placed on the market and are widely welcomed.
In early 2020, in an effort to make strategic decision-making on the brand name of the two ditches, the Ocean River shares formed the Department of Trade for the Professional Operations of the Bicht Liquor Industry and the Bicht Liquor Marketing Company, which operate independently and independently. In 2020, the Bicht Brand Development Summit was held at Jiangsu Camp and at Henan, the main market, setting out the path for the development of the brand, drawing up a “road map” and calling for a goal of 10 billion pairs.
The two-trenched wine industry has a complete independent product control and product system, high-end wines, sub-high-end wines, medium-trenched wines and greens, medium-trenched wines, large wines and ditches. The product system gives the two-trenched wine industry a sufficient strategic basis for market expansion and will become a new growth pole in the ocean.
Eastern financial and intellectual sources 2.2 Reconstruct the company ' s business relations, the advantages of which are evident through a series of changes in the ocean, a marked decline in the stock of the channel and a gradual easing of the company ' s business relations.
In the second half of the year, the stock level of some distributors fell to 1.5-2 months of normal levels in November 2019; as a result of the new crown epidemic, sales in the white wine industry were blocked in the first half of 2020, the stock level of ocean river distributors was raised to about three months, and the stock level fell back to normal after mid-autumn.
The company’s relationship with the distributors has improved significantly, and the marketing power of the channel has increased and has been gradually validated. On the other hand, the marketing efficiency of the river’s marketing teams has been a major advantage of the ocean’s market, with companies owning 2 million businesses throughout the country.
The distribution points, covering 333 local municipalities and 2,852 districts, have nearly 10,000 subscribers, have more than 5,000 salesmen and more than 30,000 pushers, and the depth and breadth of the channel cover the white wine industry. We believe that the flow chain is smooth, and the marketing channel has advantages that can be further exploited and have a multiplier effect on product reform.
2.3 On 24 January 2021, the Cebu City Council decided to take over marketing work. The new leadership brought fresh blood to the river and is expected to bring new life to the river.
In terms of incentives, the new management held a lower share of the company after the previous management exit in 2015. Of the 17 active executives disclosed in 2019, only 7 held the company ' s shares (of which Liu Xianxian and Chen Taiq took ownership of the company through the Blue Alliance staff holding platform), taking into account the 2006 target addition to the middle and operational cadres of the river, as operations and staff moved, 2014
In October 2019, the company introduced a buy-back scheme for the company’s core cadres of staff to implement equity incentives or employee-holding schemes to increase managerial and employee motivation, as a result of the relative inadequacy of employee incentives in the post-company’s current main positions and the relative weakness of the executive team’s incentives in the past.The specific programme is that from 21 January 2020 to 29 October 2020, the company’s cumulative repurchase of shares in the company was 9.6613 million shares.
In parallel with the increase in equity incentives by senior managers, the appraisal and incentive programmes around sales people will be readjusted, or they will be formalized in 2021 for priority markets outside 2.4 provinces, with rapid expansion of the provincial market.
Jiangsu, as the main economic market of the river, provides an important economic base for the consumption of white wine. Jiangsu’s economy has been second-largest in the country in recent years, after Guangdong. Jiangsu has a high disposable income, with a primary disposable income of 8.50% in 2010-2019 and a per capita income of 8.50% in 2019.
Figure 15: Gdp, Jiangsu Province, second place in the country in 2019
In comparison with the income per capita in Jiangsu town, in 2018, Jiangsu reached 32.5 billion yuan, an increase of 12.3 per cent over the previous year, which is projected to be more than 40 billion yuan. Because of economic disparities, the main consumer prices in the province are “low” in the south and north.
The prevailing prices in the South Sudan market are currently 200-400 yuan, the dominant brand dream blue m3, the interstate and the interstate; the Central Su region is 200-250 yuan, the mainstream brand blue, the interstate blue; the North Su is 150-200 yuan, the mainstream brand blue, the world's contemporary beauty, from the point of view of rising consumption, the consumption price of white wine is tangled between the south and the north and the south; the North is higher than the Middle Su, from the point of view of per capita sales.
The river is an absolute leader in the province, accounting for about one-third of the province’s share of the market, and is expected to continue to benefit from the expansion dividend. For the out-of-town market, after two years of lost market shares outside the province, the river made a major breakthrough this year in targeting a large out-of-town population base.
In 2021, the river focused on the south of the river and the south of Shandong, with a model market of Henan and Shandong outside the province, with a market size of more than 2 billion. The river is also operating a “one-stop shop” policy outside the province, cutting down bulk buyers, raising local market distributors, raising the county market threshold to 2 million, and raising the local market threshold to 4 million.
Liquor companies, the ocean river is expected to consolidate this competitive advantage. Figure 17: Market occupancy in Jiangsu Province (2018) Figure 18: Main white wine brands in Jiangsu market
East Hing Securities Insight Report (00204): The path of reform is clear and the path of renewal is beginning again.
The river is expected to become the lead sheep with a clear sub-high end extension path, with 3.1 high-end expansion trends determining that the market share of the white wine industry will in the future be more concentrated on branded headlines, and the river will serve as a sub-high end white model for pan-nationalization.
According to the Chinese Liquor Association, businesses above the size of the White Wine industry have achieved sales revenues of 561.8 billion yuan, an increase of 8.24 per cent over the same period. A rough estimate of about 170 billion dollars for high-end alcohol (over 800 yuan) and about 80 billion for lower-end alcohol (between 300 and 800 yuan).
In recent years, as consumption rose and the price of high-end liquor rose, the sub-higher development space opened further. The first was the spillover effect of high-end white wine price increases, with sub-high-end price bands and space fully opened; and the second was the rising quality of alcohol and the rising prices of alcohol, as a result of rising consumption.
Part of the low-end alcohol consumption will rise to a sub-high-end price band, which will expand the sub-high-end consumer group, gradually spreading from $300-600 to $300-800. We expect that, over the next five years, as income rises and consumption rises, the sub-high-end white market will boost the rapid expansion of the back-end white wine market and the sub-high-end white wine market.
Figure 21: Income per capita for urban residents The source of financial and intellectual prosperity in the East 3.2 The market share of the leading local liquor companies and brand-new liquor businesses continues to rise
In the face of the sub-higher market, the main players in the sub-higher sector can now be divided into two major national brands, namely, Kennan Spring, Yogi, gin, water wells, wines, and old wines such as wines, as well as a series of wine brands under the banners of Penang County, Five Foods, liquids, and Mao. Realty brands are mostly upgraded products under the real-estate brands, with a strong price range associated with real-estate liquor.
At $100-200, high growth at the sub-high end in recent years has led to a proliferation of sub-high-end products, such as Guai, the present world, Xi Feng, and more participants at the sub-high end, as well as undecided competition patterns, and different ways in which national brands and local liquor companies attack at the sub-high-end. Nationalized wine companies are mostly top-down, starting with opinion leaders and core circles in the core region, and gradually passing radiation to the surroundings.
Local alcohol companies, for their part, use a bottom-up approach, starting with regional consumers, to upgrade consumption.
Whether local or national brands compete for sub-higher prices, the marketing capacity and efficiency of the channels determine the future market share of the liquor industry. We believe that the river has a few major competitive advantages in the sub-higher market: 1; corporate brand advantage; the blue classic series, which has been in operation for almost 20 years, has become a national consumer-sanctioned brand; and in the future, a national brand has a stronger competitive advantage in the growth of the sub-higher market.
The Division has more experience in channels and marketing, has accumulated strong experience in the management of channels and marketing in the past nationalization expansion, has gained advantage in the 4th, the Rivers own the Jiangsu base market, and in recent years has been increasing the volume of white wine in Jiangsu province, and we have judged that, as companies recoup their products and channels, it is clear that companies are expected to return to the path of high growth and become the lead sheep in the sub-higher markets.
We judge that 2021 is still a year of corporate adjustment, and it is still difficult to return to average industry growth. But we have given them higher profitability expectations than the market. The key assumptions are that: 1 m6+ will continue to grow high in 2021 and 2 will continue to be the source of financial growth in the East.
Ocean River shares (002.04): The path of reform has become clear, the path of recovery has been revived, macroeconomic fluctuations have been greater, and the epidemic has had a greater impact on demand. There are clear management flaws in companies, corporate reforms have been less than expected.
Eung Heung Securities Insight Report Ocean River Shares (002304); Reform path is clear and recovery path reboots Schedule: Corporate Profit Forecast Table
The source of the East's wealth and wisdom, the source of the East's wealth and wisdom, the Ocean River shares (00204): the path of reform is clear and the path of recovery is renewed.
Menssoe Wang Jie Ting, research assistant brief.
If you have not done so in the past, you will not do so in the future, either directly or indirectly in connection with the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.