A significant increase in sales of associated transactions, a significant increase in sales of associated transactions (600893.sh) and a higher expected increase in revenue than expected by the announcement of 9 January
The company expects to increase the volume of associated transactions with the China Navigation System and the Air Industry Group System in 2021 and 2020 from the planned level at the beginning of the year, so that, by comparable calibre, the sales of the associated transaction plan at the beginning of 2021 are higher than the planned sales at the beginning of 2020
In addition, based on the average of the year-end performance of the associated transaction over the past four years as compared to the planned increase at the beginning of the year, which is 58 per cent higher than that of the caliber, and similar to the planned increase at the beginning of the year, we believe that future growth in corporate revenue is expected to be higher than expected in the context of the significant increase in the volume of the linked transaction.
A trillion-dollar market led by a company that's well-developed and growing in the future, according to Rolo, is estimated to have a global air engine and gas turbine market of $2.68 trillion in size in 2014-2033. A trillion dollars, and the net profit from demand for supporting services is several times that of manufacturing operations.
The aircraft market needs US$ 1.05 trillion and the corresponding service requirements US$ 700 billion; the military aviation requirements US$ 155.0 billion and the corresponding service requirements US$ 260 billion: naval ship gas, relative depth of 300 per cent.
Wheels require $270 billion, corresponding services $125 billion; energy sources such as electricity, oil and gas require $60 billion, corresponding services $60 billion. In the case of trillion-grade markets, firms are home-grown, global-based, rising market demand and accelerated domestic substitution.
In this context, the company is well-developed and can grow rapidly in the future. 111 x and 86 x. The company is the domestic aeronautics and gas turbines, the most complete, the most productive, the most scarce, and the current high investment value.
The company's valuation level is high and will need to be phased out in the future, moving down to a “prudentially recommended” rating.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.