2201 with high non-performance, three material areas connected, and a review report on crystals and power (300316), 18/04/04/2022.
The company issued a performance forecast for the first quarter of 2022. The net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed company increased by 4.0 to 2201, and the industry was well placed to order. The company achieved a significant increase in revenue and profit on a year-on-year basis over 21 years, with a revenue ratio of +56.4 per cent, a return on a parent net profit on a year-on-year basis of +10.2 per cent, and a profit on a profit basis.
The rate of growth is much higher than the rate of increase in revenue, and it is largely the result of sustained growth in delivery capacity and full release of profits under the scale effect. The net profit after the deduction of 2201 is high. Companies are now well placed with orders, and as of 2103, companies have failed to complete contracts for crystallized equipment and smart processing equipment in the amount of 17.760 billion yuan.
Adding 2104 pairs of energy-efficient, high-vision solar energy to a total of 3.10 billion new contracts, totalling over $20 billion in hand orders, about 3.6 times more than the outstanding equipment contract of $5.87 billion at the end of the 20-year period. According to our statistics, this year is still a year of silicon expansion, with silicon expansion planning of about 160gw, which is more than last year.
The company plans to raise no more than $1.42 billion from specific targets for testing experimental lines for large 12-inch integrated circuit silicon devices.
Projects (750 million yuan), production of 80 semiconductor sets of materials and production of thinner equipment per year (500 million yuan) and replenishment of liquidity (424.2 million yuan).
During the 24-month period, it is expected that 623 million yuan will be added to the annual sales income after the birth. The company has been deployed in semiconductor equipment technology for many years, and the technical parameters of the thinner have reached the level of international sophistication, with two-sided polishing. The technical parameters can be used for German peter-worlders, a small minority in the country capable of producing both sides.
On the client side, the company's 8-inch semiconductor processing equipment has been sold in bulk, part of the equipment, such as 12 inches of grinding and polishing, has been certified and sold by the client, and other thin polishing equipment contracts have been signed with China Crystal Technologies for 80 million inches of polishing.
Three main material areas are connected, looking at the growth of the company's performance. The company is active in promoting semiconductor equipment, bluebelts, and Cho Chunlin, under the technical advantage of photovoltaic equipment, around silicon, sapphire, silicon, carbonated silicon.
The fossil and carbon silicon operations generate performance relays. The 2201 company semiconductor equipment orders are growing at a rapid rate, and the sapphire material and acillary materials operations are increasing at a similar rate. For silicon carbonated silicon, s02705180001.
The company has set up a test line for carbon silicon processed from raw synthetic-crystal growth-crushing, and Wang Yifan 6 inches of carbonated silicon chip has been certified by the client; the company has formed a procurement intent with clienta, 22-
For 25 years, clients will give priority to purchasing the corporate carbonated silicon base, which totals no less than 230,000 pieces. With the technological advantage of existing photovoltaic silicon materials, the company actively seeks new growth points in performance, and is expected to generate future performance relays for semiconductor equipment, sapphire, and carbonated silicon materials.
Risk factors: lower-than-expected downstream expansion in the photovoltaic sector, lower-than-anticipated technology development for semiconductor equipment, lower-than-expected expansion of new products