Other specialized machinery/specialized equipment/mechanical equipment has grown significantly in hand orders, semiconductor equipment operations have grown gradually, as expected, and manual orders have supported performance growth.
The revenue from the operation was 3,475 million yuan, an increase of 32.47 per cent over the previous year; smart processing equipment actually increased by 258.20 per cent. The recognition of operating income from the company’s crystal growing equipment depends on the expansion plan of downstream silicon producers, and the announcement of $13,165 million in 2021 as a major new contract.
Recognition of revenue of $771 million led to slower growth in crystal growth equipment than in other operations during the reporting period. The silicon silicon expansion in 2022 will be further strengthened and will drive further growth in corporate revenue.
The profit margin level has risen significantly over the same period, and the strength of the company’s products has been highlighted. In 2021, the company sold 39.73 per cent of the gross profit, an increase of 3.13 pct and a net interest rate of 28.99 per cent for the same year.
Under this, there has been a marked improvement in the company’s Māori ratio, which shows, on the one hand, that the company’s products are competitive and, on the other hand, that the company’s cost management capacity is excellent.
The company has now successfully developed 12 inches of semiconductor silicon silicon crystals, slices, polishes, exterior devices, of which 12 inches of one-sided reduction, thinners, 12 inches of silicone extenuating furnaces, 12 inches of silicon-shaped multiple-silicon separators have been certified by the client.
House No. 2, Building No. 1, China's Great Wall Assets Building12 is sold and sold. 12 inches of silicon-extended unit capacity is invested in about 1900 pieces (annual capacity), of which the “light + extension” link is invested in more than 80% (silent) of equipment.
The company studies: the crystals engine power (300316) is about 60% and the extension is about 24%. The semiconductor equipment order is expected to grow significantly and will open the number one - how to understand the crystals engine power - yes.
The sapphire business has grown rapidly, with a large scale lined up for sale. The sapphire business has grown by the same amount as 100.78%, a cross-cutting increase.
In December 2021, the first phase of the sapphire production project, which is expected to be fully operational in 2023, was established in 2020 by a joint venture with Lanstyre, which will give the company an advantage in terms of capacity and a greater impact in terms of scale.
High sapphire profitability. The company's 8 inch sapphire film technology has been developed and sold, and the large sapphire film will result in higher productivity and lower production costs, while improving the country's current reliance on large supplier negatives to some extent.
This year's semiconductor equipment orders are expected to increase by more than two times, in line with the company's current business layout, in the next five years, the company will be composed of photovoltaic and semiconductor silicon equipment, sapphire, carbonated silicon trilogy.
On the whole, we believe that there is still some room for rising corporate valuations to maintain their photovoltaic silicon expansion at less than expected risk; semiconductor silicon expansion at less than expected risk; and mini/microled industrialization at less than expected risk.
Key financial data and projections: For the six-month period following the reporting date, the increase or decrease in the index relative to the market benchmark for securities is defined as follows:
Watch: Industry goes beyond overall market performance;