The strong performance growth is underpinned by a strong industry position and excellent management capacity, and semiconductor silicon equipment is moving beyond expectations.
In 21 years, the company achieved operating income of $5.961 billion, an increase of 56.44 per cent, and a net profit of $1,712 million, a significant increase at the end of the harvest and a co-facilitation of materials and equipment. In 21 years, the company achieved a significant increase at the end of the collection, with (1) operating income from equipment and services of $4.97 billion, an increase of 52 per cent.
The amount of money collected for the physical growth equipment/intelligent processing equipment/equipment adaptation services was $34.751/139/362 million, of which $389 million was earned for sapphire materials, an increase of 101% over the same period.
The company’s 21-year Māori rate for equipment and services was 42.61%, an increase of 2.95 percentage points over the same period the previous year, indicating a significant improvement in the profitability of the product. At the same time, the company’s R&D rates remained constant, and sales/management costs remained constant.
Rates/fiscal rates have remained stable. Net interest rates have reached 29% in 21 years, 7 percentage points higher than the same period in the previous year, and are at a higher level of profitability.
Twenty-eight million yuan, or 242 per cent more than the previous year, of which 1,068 million yuan were outstanding semiconductor equipment contracts, an increase of 174 per cent over the same period. In contrast, according to the performance report for 22q1, the value of newly signed equipment and its service contracts exceeded 4 billion yuan, while the value of uncompleted equipment contracts increased to 22,237 million yuan, and the amount of unfinished semiconductor equipment contracts increased to 1,343 million yuan.
It shows that the company has a strong hand order, that semiconductor equipment is doing well, and that, as it is actively expanding its capacity to produce, the rate of conversion of the order to income will accelerate, and the momentum at the end of the company’s harvest will be strong. “Technology+equipment” is a two-wheel drive.
(1) Material, active expansion of sapphire production to meet new display techniques such as miniled, setting up a 6-inch and above-carbled silicon research and development experiment line to prepare for participation in high-scene tracks such as power semiconductors. Inch hard axle pull silicon monocrystal furnaces and achieve 12-inch monocrysilicon rod growth, simultaneously in the 12-inch area of large silicon.
The development of thinning, double drops, and drop-down equipment is internationally advanced. At the same time, in the field of photovoltaic equipment, the expansion opportunities for downstream silicon millers are being pursued, and the market for large-scale monocrystal furnaces and smart processing equipment is being actively promoted to maximize the scope for growth.
Given the significant growth in the company ' s overall operations, the high level of hand orders and the smooth progress of semiconductor equipment operations, The Crystal Gear: Performance Point has been identified and the benefits have been made available to the new one downstream.
Increased cost of raw materials, epidemic control affecting order delivery
Qualifying for portfolio investment consulting operations