The fall harvest plan is going well, and management's advantages are highlighted.
Food drinks, white wine ii, to Wei Li Wenhua.
In recent days, the old cellar wine sales company in Chenzhou has issued a letter suspending orders for wine of the same age for 30 years, 60 years and 90 years, in view of the completion of the annual quota for 2023 operations.
(a) The harvest plan is carried out in an orderly manner and is expected to be successfully carried out throughout the year; (b) the cellar series is growing steadily, with six-monthly controls on the waist, with a projected q3 pace of normal delivery; (c) the area is cultivated and preserved by a melody, and the channel model will be explored in the future; and (d) the harvest plan is carried out in an orderly manner and the marketing tasks are expected to be successfully completed throughout the year.
This year, with demand divided, the company did not have a soft season, a spring season in the first quarter, a spring mine operation in the second quarter, a three-quarter roll-out, a fall-out plan that mobilized business people to “take off the market in the second quarter, make up the market in the second quarter,” and the company’s management endowment and strategic flexibility reflected in its evolution to 6.0, q2 recovery, and market movements leave strategic space for a year-long mission.
The harvest is going well, and the year-round marketing is expected to go well. Short-term sales are expected to improve significantly in August-September, and a smooth transition is expected to occur on the mid-autumn holiday.
The 60th edition of the special feature, which has grown well in Kawasaka, has begun to grow at points in areas such as China's north and the Ring of Tai Hu, and is expected to be sold more than the old-word feature throughout the year. The cellar age series, which has benefited from 200-bit increases over 30 years of age this year, has performed better in areas such as Shandong Jasawa, and has been the fastest in all brands, with full annual quotas implemented on September 26.
In the first half of the year, the company continued to push ahead with the Sichuan and North regions, focusing more resources and effort on areas of core advantage, such as the 100 cities where the cost is concentrated.
This year, companies introduced a full-scale digital scanning system, which currently has a rate of about 10% in the cellar series, about 30% in the waist, or an important tool for digitizing in the future, or for companies to reduce their management costs. The nationalization process was not as predictable as expected; macroeconomic pressures; and the epidemic was repeated.
Figure 1: Single-quarter operating income and growth (in billions of yuan, per cent)
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject