In recent days, the company has held its 2022 stockholders meeting.
The company has expressed its views on the current situation in the industry and has expressed its faith in its development. We believe that its management is excellent, its overall competitiveness is steadily improving, its performance is more certain, and its combined strength is growing year by year, and a proactive offensive strategy will be implemented.
The company implemented a supply chain hexagonal strategy during the Q4F period, and management believes that the company is now developing in a balanced and integrated manner in terms of supply chains, management, marketing, operations, culture and so on.
Clearly, the company still looks good in the medium to long term and will pursue a proactive offensive strategy. We believe that the executive team is good and stable, with a steady increase in overall competitiveness, that the restoration of offline activity is conducive to the ability of the sales team, and that the company is expected to maintain a healthy inventory for the second half of the year.
The product matrix continues to improve, and the channel inventory is good and manageable. (1) The company has been re-engineering its branding strategy since 2015 and has evolved into a branding strategy for "double brands, trilogy, big monoliths."
The company's product structure is excellent, with the cellars accounting for more than 60%, leading the company to develop its other brands. The old adjective has been successful, and now stands on the 300-dollar band. (2) The current guest price is stable at 1573 and the price is 890-900.
In view of the control of the channels in the old cellars of Kyushu, we judge that the current stock is generally in good condition, and that for months to date, the national distribution has been wide and deep, and regional markets have been on the move to capture the market share.
The marketing team followed the company’s development with significant improvements in its planning and implementation capacity, and the company will quickly convert its superior resources into a system of market openings, and the national market will move from wide coverage to deep coverage, with opportunities to follow in regions receiving low-level alcohol.
In April, the company made a full roll of new five-yard related products, with a monthly increase in the clearance rate. The channel model was converted from previous pre-costs to back-costs. Supported by bottom-level data analysis, the total market value of consumers was achieved (RMB million).
Links and scenes effectively address the problem of cross-regional cargo movements, ensure price stability for products, and protect the country’s market expansion.
The company’s brand is growing, and the nationalization process is moving ahead in an orderly manner. Equity incentives address the long term.