Food beverages in the Old Lodge (000568), 23q2 performance over-expected and strong growth sustained by the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
The net profit of the mother is 3.38 billion yuan, compared to +27.2 per cent, single-q2 revenue and profit supermarket expectations. Queens, specials, double-wheels drive, 23q2 is a beautiful growth.
Notable, the 100-city plan has been steadily moving forward, and the country’s customers and specials have been released faster, leading to a sharp increase in corporate income.2 Sub-products, high-end alcohol revenues in the first half of the year, amounting to $12.99 billion, or +25.2 per cent, respectively, of which sales, ton prices have increased by 3.0 per cent, +29.1 per cent, ton prices have risen or the company has increased the company’s proprietorship.
It is expected to be mainly high-line light bottle black caps that are rapidly released. 3,23h1 is expected to be rapidly released. Main market tables, south-west and north-west, are expected to be robust: China’s Middle-East Markets have solid push channels for sales and product imports, and are expected to be achieved faster.
The Māori rate has risen significantly and the cash flow has performed well. The Māori rate of 1,2,3q2 has risen by 3.3 percentage points over the same period. In terms of cost rates, the cost of 23q2 sales has increased by 0.9 percentage points to 11.1 per cent, while the management cost rate has shown strong resilience and growth and certainty on an ongoing basis.
Action, 100-city battles, etc., take a market share: import five yards of related products into the channel, activate consumers and terminals through a red-scanning package, and keep the cellars price stable at all times, with further improvements in the management capacity of the channel. 2 - Looking ahead, companies will continue to work according to “Strategic Focus, Speed Up Breaks, Operation Up, Full Activation”
Marketing development themes, effective promotion of business standard-building, and comprehensive promotion of the 100-city plan to effectively land and fully contribute to marketing expansion. 3, led by good management, the current high-end countries are growing robustly, the old silo brands are being released, the black cover is being released at high speeds, the product matrix is blooming, and the company is working together.
Longitude and certainty will sustain high-quality growth. Dollars, 26 times, 21 times, and 17 times, respectively.
1. Cemetery (000568); successful discharge in 22 years, peaking again in 23 years (2023-05-04) 4. Precinct cellar in Quizhou (000568).
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.