In the first half of the year, 1 high-end liquor revenue of 12.29 billion yuan, equal to +25.2 per cent, and the price of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the shares and the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the sum of the shares, the company's top customer, was raised this year.
With an income of $6,911 million, or +26.63 per cent, we expect its growth to be mainly a contribution to the price, reflecting, on the other hand, that the cellar is also facing a certain amount of pressure under the influence of weak consumption this year. 2 General liquor revenues of $1,521 million, or +29.2 per cent, respectively.
The value of the company’s taxes and surcharges is +2.20 pct (the same year in the first half of the year +1.96 pct), mainly related to the increase in the post-natal consumption tax; the sale of the company’s five-yard product, which was added to the two-way red envelopes at the end of March of the year, resulted in a significant increase in promotional costs;
The company has been operating in the market since this year.
In the second quarter, a five-yard product was introduced, a two-way-scan red bag was added, and the old cellar in Xiangzhou (000568.sz) was changed to a full-line channel cost model, with the precise cost being invested in terminals and consumers, which helped to boost sales.
In the third quarter, the increase in the prices of dealers by the season has helped to smooth the price plate, while in the other, the Quanzhou cellar (000568.sz): Step ahead of step has taken more money from the distributors and we have more initiative in the season marketing program.
It's hard to catch up, and it's believed that a good management team in a company can take advantage of the changes in the industry and, on the basis of the growth of a larger size, make up for its own weaknesses, make a positive break and resist the industry's wave.
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
Pedagogic 9th Street in Beijing City West Side, where senior industrialists and top-level students are trained, Liu Qingfeng, Master of Finance, graduated from the Central University of Finance, three years of food and beverage research, and two years of bond research.
(In-depth study of Ani foods, lasagna chefs, stubble foods), spices (in-depth study of Angel yeasts, familiarization with seafood, millet foods, smelts, venom foods, Qinghai International), Xi Lili, Master of Financial Sciences, Graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics, Xiamen University, three years of food and beverages research experience.
Industry (in-depth study of taste-free foods, weekly black ducks, brilliant, refined foods, salinized foods, kwan-su foods, gin-su foods, etc.) and in-depth study of zero-food vendors. Jo Dan morning, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, three years of food and beverage research experience.
Mao Dai, 5 grain fluids, Xiangzhou cellar, Shanxi wine, tea industry, gin and wine, water wells, ocean river shares, the world's future, and sauce plate blocks. Zhao Lei, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, followed by two years of research and development and operation at Sapto, the big milk company, two years of food and beverage research experience. Covered dairy products (in-depth study of Ely shares, Montagnarous milk industry, Lanco Bluedo, Jiabyo).
Liquor, two degrees in law and economics, two years in the financial sector, followed by 13 years in the white wine industry.
With strong thinking, rich alcohol circles, and a unique understanding of the trends in the white industry, it is particularly good at analysing sub-high-end competition patterns. Don is strong, with 15 years of experience in the fast-drinking industry at the Chinese University of Technology, and 10 years of experience in first-line sales of white wine, and has a unique insight into high-end white wine.
Wang Xueqing, Master of Management, Cornell University, B.A. in Economics + International Relations, Washington University, covering beer (in-depth study of Chinese wine, Qingdao beer, Chongqing beer), water, and beverages.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications of the CSRC-resumed securities investment advisory business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.