The performance was over-expected and the trend continued to be positive – the Quanzhou Cemetery (000568.sz) incident assessment report, which was published on 28 August 2023, the semi-annual report of Quzhou.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn Super-expected performance with a significant 0 per cent impact of Operation Spring Thunder, a net return of $3.378 billion (27 per cent increase) to the mother, and the effectiveness of Operation Spring Thunder
9.45% (+2pct), the increase in the Māori rate was mainly due to a significant increase in the price of high-end liquor tons, resulting in a slight fluctuation in the tax ratio. The net cash flow for business activity of 2023h1 was $5.648 billion (a 39% increase) and the return on sales of $17.584 billion (the same amount).
In the first half of the year, the company conducted a public relations campaign on the subject of living dual national treasures, technology and innovation, and worked to increase brand influence; at the same time, the company continued to grow.
A five-yard upgrading of products, enhanced channels and end control. Subregion 3, The Cedars (000568), a quarter t, the distribution channels continue to be consolidated, good growth achieved, and 100 cities plan to move forward steadily.
By volume, high-quality alcohol/other alcohol sales in 2023h1 were 1.69/2 tons, compared to +29 per cent/+7 per cent respectively, and the increase in the price of high- and medium-grade alcohol was evident.
As of 2023h1, 1812 distributors, 17 fewer than at the beginning of the year.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, six years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: LL.B., University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master ' s degree in law, economics, and a taste industry study. Shaw Yannan: Master ' s degree in finance, University of Hunan, graduated in June 2023, joined Chinese securities research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth 300 index: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.