The horn of the attack has been blown, and long-term planning has been strong.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn Advanced digital layout, good inventory control.
(a) Use a five-yard connection to link companies, distributors, terminals, consumers, real surveillance of scans and bottle openings, and the construction of a clear consumer image. (b) Consumer scans confirm the dealer's contribution, and counterfearing by changing sales patterns.
The chain system has been designed to ensure a flexible release of productive capacity. Strategic planning is long-term and competitively motivated.
During the second half of the year, companies released flexibility based on benign marketing, sustaining around 20 per cent as strategic gaps, supply chain strategies and eco-chain strategies. 1) Supply chain systems, cultural systems, and marketing systems are now at the forefront of the industry and keep moving forward.
2) From a two-brand strategy to a five-man strategy, each single product has an offensive stance, and the target is achievable. Goodness, overall trend is positive. 2023-05-
The macroeconomic downside risks, the undergrowth of the cellar, the growth of the special 60 are not as high as expected, and the country’s population is as strong as it is expected.
Sun Shan Mountain: Master of Economics, six years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry.
Focus on the drink plate, study in depth of the white wine industry, etc., has been employed in the U.S.S. securities, New Age securities, and the country's short- and medium-term potential; has been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and has a deep marketed mind and insight into Soho's wine.
Shaw Yinnan: Master of Arts from Hunan University, Graduated in Finance, joined Chinese securities research in June 2023 to reflect his research. I have no reason, no reason, and I will not be pushed into this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.