Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance) 29 June, annual stockholders meeting 2022, with a wide range of shareholders.
• Addressing industry challenges in the short term while seizing opportunities to break through. In short-term time dimensions, corporate marketing and inventory performance was good in the first half of the year, especially in the case of its five-yard related products, which are expected to help the company achieve good quality after service costs.
The company’s management believes that industry will continue to face certain challenges and difficulties between the second half of this year and the first half of next year, and that the Cemetery will be active in facing future pressures and facing fluctuations in the alcohol industry environment.
At the same time, companies say that this will be a historic opportunity for top-notch companies, and that the Department will seize the opportunity to work through teams to break through the current branding pattern. In strategic terms, the Cedars will pursue a more proactive offensive strategy in the second half of the year, with a far ahead.
The long-term anchoring of 15-year-old competition patterns and the struggle for top-level positions in the industry, in terms of the longer-term dimension, the company completes the weak plate through the 13-year period.
The 15-year-olds will use the eco-link strategy to position their heads in the oligarchic era. The former companies are already in the industry at various points in the supply chain, management, culture, marketing, operations, etc.
In our view, as one of the three major representatives of high-end white wine, there is a more visible head advantage and performance in the production, management, product, brand and marketing of channels.
(2) Increased competition in the industry; (3) Food safety issues, formerly employed in the Seaton International Securities and Governance Fund.
The data and information used in this report are based on publicly available information in the market, without any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information or the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.