An aggressive, well-paced, two-quarterly performance, and a semi-annual 2023 report. The $1h23 company raised $14.59 billion.
25.1% net return to the mother, $7.09 billion, an increase of 28.2%, of which 2q23 is net return to the mother.
The decline of 3.0 per cent over the same period, the increase of 29.1 per cent over the same period, and the marked increase in the price of medium- and high-grade alcohol are two main reasons for our judgment: (1) the medium-barrel special, the higher base of the cellar age for the same period last year, the weakening of the consumer environment, the firm ' s control of the medium-barrel price for two quarters, and the emergence of the medium-barrel sales.
(ii) After Spring 23, the company pursued a proactive offensive strategy, which restored offline activity to the ability of the sales team, the company ' s marketing strategy was centred around marketing, the dealers ' inventory was manageable, and Operation Spring Thunder accelerated its return. In April this year, the company returned to the 38-degree cellar, 1573.
Execute a five-yard combination with an upward adjustment of the dealer's settlement price of $30 per bottle. We're judging 1h23 high countries with a 1573 share increase, a low settlement price increase, a steady increase in overall sales, a higher rate of revenue growth than an increase in structure, and a major contribution from high-end alcoholics, 1573.
With an investment bias toward end and consumer, 2q23 has a sales cost increase of 1.0 pct to 11.1% on a year-on-year basis. The management rate is 4.2%, a decrease of 0.8 pct on a year-on-year basis. Taxes and surcharges are raised by 2.2 pct executives and sales teams on a year-on-year basis.
The company's management is one-line sales origin, market sensitivity, and in a weak external environment, it can effectively control the rhythm of sales and ensure good marketing. During the 1450s, the company developed a balanced supply chain, management, marketing, operation, culture building, etc.
The team follows the company’s development and has improved its ability to plan and execute, and in the future the company will become a market for the system, and the country’s market will be transformed from a wide to a deep one. The company’s branding will continue to grow, the process of nationalization will progress in an orderly manner, and the cost of sales will decline every year.
There is still room for improvement in profitability. Corporate management is now stable, and executive interests and companies are deeply tied up with the price fluctuations of Phu-Pu-Pu-Pu-Pu. Channel stock is over-expected. The economy is not recovering as expected.
S.A.I.S.A. is qualified for securities investment consulting business Food beverages: white wine
(8610) 66229391