Strong performance growth, high profitability re-innovation 29/08/2023 \triangleright
Operation Spring Thunder has been very effective, with a marked increase in the price of medium- and high-end alcohol tons. In 23 years, H1 company income from high-end alcohol rose by $1.9 billion, or 25.24 per cent, compared to the previous year, and other alcohol revenues by $1,521 million, or 29.23 per cent.
At the top of the incremental market, the structure of the product continues to grow. Overall Māori ratio +2.43 pct to Zhang Lingyu
The firm focused on the strategy of “double brands, three systems, large singles” and the system of off-line consumer operations continued to improve, a matrix of online sales outlets was completed, 100 city plans were steadily advanced, and Operation Spring Thunder was very effective.
The higher marketing costs of 23q2 resulted in higher sales costs and better performance in operating cash flows. The 23q2 sales \triangleright 23-year-long review: product structure continuously upgraded and profitable
Increased sales costs have led to an increase in activities such as the return of 23q2 bottles of red packs and tourism promotions.
3. Mid-year review 2022 in the Pancreas (000568.sz): "Two brands" drive up to 2022/08/31
2-year-a-year review: the cellars drive rapid growth, costs Investment proposal: 23-year company will be closely focused on the 2021 performance report of the Penang cellar (000568.sz).
The theme of development is to take the opportunity, to push the company to a new level in a pragmatic and aggressive manner.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.