The seafood industry (603288).
The industry has much scope for development, and the size of soy sauce is expected to exceed hundreds of millions of dollars. The size of our appetizers has increased from 25,95 billion yuan in 2014 to 39,5 billion in 2020.
The powerful channels constitute the moats of the city and have been expanded nationwide brands: the company has a strong brand influence, and in 2021 it acquired Chinese fast-dismantling brand number four with a 79% penetration rate. Product: full product matrix coverage, soy sauce, aphid oil,
The company is the only national connoisseur industry with 100% coverage in provincial and district cities and over 90% coverage at district and district levels.
The company has the advantage of full product, high value for money, and adequate production capacity, and the product industry has been able to ease cost pressures every two to three years through price increases, usually led by the sea sky, and has been able to watch the company's platoons for a long time.
At the same time, the oil and rice paste and composite spices have been developed to create platform-type industry leaders.
Quarterly expected improvement 2022-04-28. Sea weather industry (603288): multi-pronged response to the epidemic, macroeconomic downside risks, epidemic consumption, increased competition in the industry, new products
Double-digit growth over time: 2022-04-161, domestic appetizers, long-term steady growth in performance 1.1, company history, the most full-fledged domestic appetizers
The company has a long history and is the leader of the domestic spice industry. The seafood industry has a long history and is dedicated to the production and sale of taste products, and it is one of the first companies to be published by the Chinese Ministry of Commerce as the "Congregation of Old Words". The products currently produced include soy sauce, ale, soy sauce, vine, wine, sauce, chicken juice, chicken powder, rotten milk, hot boilers, etc.
More than 400 specifications in a number of large series of varieties, the volume and income of the company's appetizers have been ranked for many years in the first industry, of which soy sauce, sauce sauce and aphid oil are the most important products of the current company. The development of the seafood industry has been divided into five stages:
Phase I (1955: The seafood industry dates back to the middle of the Qing generation, dating back to the Foshan Fosseng Soup Garden, and is known as the Haisten Soup Garden. At that time, the Buddha Mountain has been opened. The soybean garden is made up of a variety of products, salt, sweet, acid, and hot.
It also sells the western and northern rivers. Before and after the founding of the country, many of the soybean gardens also sell their products directly to Australia. Phase II (1955-1994): in 1955 25 powerful and distant palate gardens in Fushan were reorganized to form a “sea-tian oil factory”, followed by the establishment of the first automatic sauce packing line and the expansion of soy sauce.
At the end of 1994, China was restructured from the state-owned economy to finance individual workers and the state.