The price of lead and zinc has risen significantly, and the first half of the year has seen a further increase in concentrate revenues and Maori rates. On 1 August, Silver and Thai resources published a semi-annual report. In the first half of 2017, companies achieved operating revenues of $431 million, an increase of 32.40 per cent over the previous half of the year; this was attributable to the mother-in-law Silver and Thai resources (000975.sz).
The net profit of the division ' s shareholders was $104 million, an increase of 17.55 per cent over the same period in the previous year; a basic gain of $0.10 per share was realized. Lead and zinc prices rose sharply, and the rate of Maori for concentrates increased further.
During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $431 million, including $345 million from the sale of concentrates, $85,1.12 million from the sale of metals, and 61.60 per cent from the combined Māori rate. In terms of the proceeds from the sale of sub-products, the company achieved sales revenue of lead concentrates (including silver) of $233 million, which was affected by the fall in the price of silver, by 10.66 per cent from the same period; the Māori rate of 90.33 per cent remained high, an increase of 2.57 percentage points from the same period the previous year.
Undisclosed shares are still under review by the CSRC. The company intends to issue shares to purchase 99.78% of Shanghai’s shares at a price of $4.5 billion. The deal promises that the actual net profit realized by the \triangleright East Antex and the gold mine in 2017-2019 will be no less than the projected net profit of $1,065 million in the Mine Rights Assessment Report.
On May 5, 2017, the Department received a notice of feedback on the review of the CSRC ' s administrative clearance project and sent a reply to the CSRC on June 28. On July 27, the company received a second feedback letter on the review of the CSRC ' s administrative clearance project, and the company is currently preparing to respond to the feedback.
\triangleright dollars/tonnes, 34% and 20%, respectively, higher than the annual average in 2016. According to projections from irzsg, the global deficit of 226,000 tons of refined zinc in 2017 was maintained for two consecutive years; and the basic balance between the supply of and demand for refined lead. So, we keep looking at the price of lead and zinc in 2017.
Risk factors: price volatility of precious metals; lower than expected completion of the big rigs; uncertainty in the acquisition process; and lack of progress in the construction of the inter-basin underground mining process
\triangleright Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The front page of the company's report, building No. 1 of the 9th Street of the City of the West Side of Beijing, includes financial data published in well-known European-American journals, such as the report on the Internet, the journal, the journal, the journal, the newspaper, the newspaper, the newspaper, the newspaper, and the American magazine.
This report has been prepared and published by the China CSRC. The report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decisions for this category of customers, with strict agreement on rights and obligations. The report is available only to the specific customers mentioned above and is not open to the public.
The present report is prepared with publicly available information deemed reliable by a credit certificate, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.