002074.sz. Sustained expansion of production and seizure of markets.
On October 18, 2019, the company issued an application for transfer of debt, which was approved by the CSRC's Board of Auditors.
The company issued a debt transfer request for approval by the CSRC. The current debt transfer could not be more than 1.850 billion yuan, with six years of circulation, with major and debt ratings aa and a higher allocation value.
The company is now accelerating the construction of its previous fund-raising project, in which Nanjing is producing 300 million annual high-power lithium battery industrialization project, and Qingjiang is producing 2gwh annual high-power lithium battery project.
Some of the production lines have already been achieved, such as the "Industrialization Project for the Production of Lithium Powered High 4-gwh per Year" and all of the above projects have reached the postpartum stage, where the company’s total output is expected to exceed 14 gwh. This transfer can be used mainly for the Industrialization of Lithium ion Batteries in Nanjing and Xiangjiang, and the collection of funds will be guaranteed.
The market for phosphate is warming down the slope. The advantage of phosphate lithium products, compared to triple materials, is mainly in terms of safety, production costs, and post-subsidization prices are becoming apparent. According to ggii, in the first half of the year 2019, the power level of our phosphate lithium battery was around the world.
7.66gwh, a 23% increase in the same year, is still to be expected in the future. Currently, the company has developed a single phosphate lithium phosphate core with an energy density of more than 190wh/kg and has successfully industrialized it for downstream customers such as Jianghua, Chi Swe, etc. At the same time, the company continues to work with internationally renowned whole-car companies and auto parts.
In February and May 2019, the company joined Bosch and Tata India, where the product officially entered the international market; in the field of storage energy, the company became a major storage battery supplier.
Expeditious release, valuation having advantages over comparable companies, covering for the first time the risk of a “recommended” assessment of the company) that demand falls short of expectations; 2) risk of a significant decline in product prices; 3) receivables