Highlights of the event: According to the Wall and Horizon official public, the Wall has recently completed its work on car intelligence.
Since then, the Great Wall car has officially entered the chip industry. The Great Wall car will develop rapidly in the chip industry through strategic investment, strategic cooperation, and autonomous research and development. At the same time, the Wall and the Horizon have signed a strategic cooperation framework agreement to be advanced.
The focus is on driving aids (adas), high-level autopilots and smart cabin directions, exploring together car intelligence technology, developing market-leading smart car products, fast deployment of smart core technologies such as autopilots, smart webs, and accelerating the development and production of smart cars.
At the cooperative level, the Great Wall car is a leading vehicle in car manufacturing, while the Horizon is a powerful player in the fields of ai chip, visual perception, high-precision maps, voice technology, etc.
The two sides will work together on assistive driving (adas), autopilot, and multi-model interaction of the smart cabin. At the product cooperation level, the horizon is based on the needs of the Great Wall car and opens up the basic technology platform for smart cars, consisting of the "chips plus algorithms plus tool chains", including the smart pilot ai.
The wiring, auto-pilot computing platforms, visual perception algorithms, multi-model interactions, map crowdsourcing, and position setting, among others, adequately meet the diversity of the Wall vehicles’ needs for smart network cars. The horizon is a leading car smart chip firm, with a strong chip design and ai algorithm.
The horizon can provide a platform for intelligent computing for car companies like the Wall, enabling car intelligence industries to upgrade. Chips: Horizon 2 is China’s first car class ai film that supports two camera head perception calculations, 4tops/2w, and has already achieved large-scale preloading in 2020.
Horizon has launched six camera perception calculations, 5tops/2.5w journey 3. With high-level intelligent driving fast, the horizon will be rolled out in 2021 for level 13/l4 intelligence 1, Long Wall Cars (601633): January
Driver's drive-range 5 chips, supporting 16-way camera perception calculations, 96 tops/15w. Based on a similar increase, the tank's 300 outs are scheduled to break the horizon, and it is expected that the ai arithmetic over 400 tops, the 7nm process will be launched in 2023.
. With regard to algorithms and tool chains: in 2021, the horizon released a new generation of engineering and development platforms covering the three functional modules of the model warehouse (modelzoo), ai chip tool chain (ai toolchain) and ai with the development of an intermediate (aiexpress).
The horizon has opened up a number of classic product algorithm models and reference algorithms; on the tool chain, the horizon has opened to cover the full set of tools for the complete ai development process.
3 The Great Wall Cars (601633): December A wealth of practical features, such as algorithms, can continue to be very efficient, flexible and easy for customers based on their own needs.
Flexibility in custom development offers the possibility of more than expected; exchange rate fluctuations exceed expectations. Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a portfolio investment advisory committee.