In February, 89,000 cars were sold in the Great Wall.
This represents an increase of 788 per cent and a 36 per cent decline in the ring; overseas sales of 9786, an increase of 226 per cent and a 11 per cent decline in the ring; and sales of 7374 new energy vehicles, an increase of 2780 per cent and a 28 per cent decline in the ring.
In February, the company’s growth in vehicle sales continued at a high rate of one month, and the ring ratio declined, but it grew at a much faster rate than the industry, at an average rate of 377%. More specifically, the firm’s brand of Ora sold 7,374 new cars in February, a sharp increase in the same volume, a 754% increase and a 35% decline in the ring.
The sale of 15,000 vehicles in the Great Wall Picamoto month, an increase of 611% in the same month and a decline of 32% in the same year. Corporate sales as a whole showed a similar increase, a decline in the ring, mainly due to the impact of the epidemic last February, which caused a sharp drop in sales; the slowing down of production this spring holiday; and the policy of “over-the-ground” making it necessary to buy cars.
It is expected that the roller coaster will improve steadily as the sales of the already marketed vehicles go up the slopes and add the old ones to the new market. The platform-led product booms, with companies moving into a steady period of growth.
The company benefited mainly from its new Great Wall Lemon and Tankwey platforms in July 2020, based on new vehicle-type R & D production compatible with different classes/types/dynamics, which boosted frequent product changes and led to a strong product cycle. Haver m6 continued its hot sales in February, selling 8535 vehicles per month; third generation Hafh 6 continued to sell 32,000 vehicles, a 525 per cent increase.
The company is now actively using platform advantage to speed up the release of core replacements. Harvard-h5,h9,weyvv5/vv6/vv7, which is based on "Lemon" and "tank" upgrades, will also be marketed this year.
This year’s growth is expected, in conjunction with the country’s drive-by market, which is moving towards a steady growth period. Smart enabling brands continue to rise, and new energy sales can rise.
In February 2021, the company formally entered into a partnership with the Smart Chip Company, Horizon, combining its multi-year technological deposits in the field of intelligence with the nation's leading car smart chips, algorithms, and continued power in areas such as autopilots and smart network connections. Currently, 90% of the company's models have achieved Level 1-2 smart-ass driving functions; and nearly 90% of the Hafer brands.
Cars have been connected, Wey and Ola brands have been fully covered, and companies are planning a new vehicle to be connected in 2021. Their first-student driver, Wey Mocha, will also be officially listed in March-April this year. In addition, the company’s new energy brand, Eura Black Cat, sold 4561 in February, a significant increase, with a slight drop in the ring.
Once again, 50,000-100,000 dollar-grade pure electricity market sales champions, and the Olamorandier system will be on the market in the near future. Lemon mixed with power-responsive, accelerated capacity, etc., dht thick hair, will take the lead on the new compact suv brand of Wey, which is expected to drive companies’ new energy car sales to continue growing patterns.
The Great Wall car follows the wave of intelligence information, the new platform accelerates the rejuvenation of the vehicle, perfects the product matrix, and contributes to the expansion of the market, both within and outside the country: the chip project is well under way, smartness and new energy fields are back on the steps, and the company’s performance is expected to improve continuously. I am multiplying. The company’s value/ebitda is now 26 times higher than the industry average, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
1. The Great Wall Motors (601633) report: Focused on increasing competitiveness, opening up new product cycles The automobile industry has a less-than-expected outlook, less-than-expected product sales and less-than-expected returns from chip investment projects.
Great Wall Cars (601633): The impact of the epidemic has declined, company financial statement data projections are aggregated into civil securities.
Jung-ho Wang, Assistant Research Assistant in the Automobile Industry, Bachelor of Arts in Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Finance, Nanjing University, joined in July 2018. Jianyan, Research Assistant, Master of Finance, Illinois University of Technology, joined in 2019.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,