On 8 February, the Great Wall Cars released their January 2021 Express, with a total of 139,000 vehicles sold, representing a sharp increase of 73.2 per cent.
A 73 per cent increase in total vehicle sales in January, a growing global market, a 61 per cent increase in monthly sales in January; a cumulative nine-month sales of 20,000 trucks in the Great Wall pickup and 22,000 new vehicles in the current month, an increase of 66 per cent compared to the previous month; and the Ora brand precision of the female blue sea market, which is market-endorsed and adapted to consumption.
The trend towards rejuvenation, with sales breaking 10,000 doors in March and 689% in January, and the luxury suv brand Wey, with 88% in the same month. With regard to overseas markets, companies cumulatively exported about 11,000 new vehicles in January, with growth rates of 147% and 28%, respectively.
The system continues to improve, and in the future it is expected that brand cards will be distributed to more users around the world from the point of departure for domestic traditional car companies. The Unit compares with the trend of 300 deep, best-selling singles are being sold at a very high level, and car models are becoming more competitive.
The continued high sales of the Great Wall have benefited mainly from the continued best sales of the branded model and the continued maintenance of the market heat. Of these, in January 2021, Hapheus 6 had more than 46,000 new vehicles, a 76 per cent increase over the previous year; the combined smart, high-security, high-continuing, single-valued Ora black cat monthly sales amounted to 6090, an increase of 370 per cent, with a net electricity breakdown of 5 to 100,000 grades.
Market champions, the most important vehicle for Eura brand sales. On the basis of the current hot sales, companies are still building up technological innovations to upgrade and rejuvenate their brands with three major car-making platforms. Haf's initial love, positioning a tight door-to-door suv, with 20 days worth of 5,600 on top of the market; suv-ha.
Ferm6plus was also officially listed on January 6 to identify household travel needs, with sales in the same class of head camp. No, the models of Haffah4 and Weyvv5 will also open up the process of upgrading, company-driven vehicle platforms and innovation will continue upwards, product matrices will be enriched, and existing models and new singles will co-locate.
Acceleration of the Smart Driving Project, the transformation of traditional drivers into leaders of science and technology The Great Wall Smart Driving System Accelerative Production Application, with a higher computing chip, the world's leading six redundant systems, and a full-scale, self-driving solution, the Café Driving Platform has entered the national road map phase, with its full scope on board.
20% + assembly rate per year. At the same time, the company is actively building a self-contained learning platform with data collection, data processing, automatic ai design, etc., aimed at increasing the speed at which smart driving systems overlap and the efficiency of new vehicle development. In the future, the company will be driven primarily by full-stop autonomous R & D capabilities and will work with head technology across borders to rapidly upgrade the hardware and software capabilities of its products.
Accompanied by the driving force, the overall acceleration of the transition to a leader in smart driving solutions has been driven by the growth in the volume of single-sale sales, the optimal diversification of the product matrix, and the accelerated landing of smart driving projects, 33 times the output/ebitda, 42 times the industry average, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
1. The Great Wall Motors (601633) report: Focused on increasing competitiveness, opening up new product cycles The automobile industry has a less-than-expected outlook, less-than-expected product sales and less-than-anticipated smart driving projects.
Great Wall Cars (601633): The impact of the epidemic has declined, company financial statement data projections are aggregated into civil securities.
Jung-ho Wang, Assistant Research Assistant in the Automobile Industry, Bachelor of Arts in Economics, Wuhan University, Master of Finance, Nanjing University, joined in July 2018. Jianyan, Research Assistant, Master of Finance, Illinois University of Technology, joined in 2019.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,