(a) The negative growth in the performance of alternative car and car parts and components, and the persistence of a first-class management capacity (the Pacific Automobile 2021 Strategic Recommendation) event: the company published the 2020 report, which received $103,283 million in annual revenues, an increase of 7.35 per cent over the previous year;
In 2020, the company was able to recover from a very strong epidemic, and sales and revenues were at a high level, and net profit returns were rising in reverse. Overall performance reflected the continued presence of the company’s managerial capacity in the highly competitive motor vehicle industry.
In 2020, the company increased its fleet of vehicle cannons, leading the pickup truck industry by: suv plates, three generations of h6, big dogs, and Wei's continuous tank security company, leading the city; Eura electric car surged and gained in the area of pure electric minibuses of grade a00 and a0
Total equity/flow (million shares) has been very successful, filling up the company’s powered car shorts. 2021 is still the year of the company’s new vehicle, and sales growth is still to be expected.
With many new models like first love, red rabbit, mocha, etc. on the market, product lines continue to cover a wide range of prices.
The Great Wall Car (601633) is on its way to the New Year of the Cow, actively hugging a big wave of smart electrodynamics. The company's coffee smart platform is constantly improving, and it's going to be ready in the future.
The multi-car model is gradually loaded in response to the industry’s intellectual wave. At the same time, companies in the field of electrodynamics, in addition to the annual strategic recommendations, - 2021/02/07 - have mastered core three-power technology products such as batteries, electro-electric controls, etc., and will have multiple products in the future.
The Great Wall Car (601633) q4 is a record high, multiple-sized, multi-size, and the field of electric intelligence is expected to continue to outpace the lead race, and the tide of intelligence is about to rise.
The year 2020 report shows that the company's stock reached a new high of $7.5 billion in four quarters, showing the company's readiness to cope with the shortage of spare parts.
The company is in a state of normal supply, and the shortage of chips has a manageable impact on the company.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the information in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.