Performance exceeded expectations and the new cycle continued to be met Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
By 2020, the company had achieved a sales volume of 1.11 million vehicles, a 5% increase and a total annual sales target of 109%. Of these, 430,000 vehicles were sold in the fourth quarter, an increase of 29%.
Third generation H6, Huff Dogs perform beautifully, third generation Hs continue to break 20,000 in June, Hsford's company prices compare to a 300-year-old trend, dogs are on the market for three months and now third generation H6 and Hsford Dog 2.0t products have been sold out on a monthly basis.
In terms of new energy, 56,000 vehicles were sold by the Eura brand in 2020, an increase of 44% over the same year, and the economic impact of Eura branding on women was significant. The profit rate of 2020q4 was higher than in the same period, mainly because of higher sales and higher gross prices.
• The product cycle is moving up, with the whole change-led business going up. In 2020, the company went to the market for Hafer Dogs, third-generation Hafferh6, tanks 300, and cats.
In addition to consolidating the competitiveness of the powerful car type, the market has been slashed, and the new model is clearly superior in terms of product strength, market positioning, etc. It is expected to enhance the sales performance of the new vehicle cycle. More than 10 new models (all new and new) are on the market, thus further upgrading the product week.
At the same time, the company has been overhauling its organization, management, marketing, channels, etc.
The Great Wall: Intifada, intimacy Haaanresearch & Automotive Research Group on New Energy and Automobiles in Securities of Huaan: Covering Electricity and the Automobile Industry
Som Wai Jian: Five years of research experience in the automobile industry, Master’s degree in research at Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, covering passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts, and new energy vehicles, and traditional vehicles. Don’t let Igda: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, awarded a national scholarship and studied at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States, six years of lithium research experience, covering the lithium electricity chain.
The data and information used in this report are made available independently and objectively, using legally compliant information, without any guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information or of any change in the information and recommendations contained in the report.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.