Investment rating: buy-in (maintenance)
In January 2020, due to the impact of spring events, the base was lower. According to the Chinese Air Association, 2.07 million vehicles are expected to be sold in January, an increase of 28% from the previous year.
Leigh, in January, made a remarkable victory. Of these, the Huff brand sold 94,474, an increase of 61%. Huffh 6 sold 46,468, Huff first love 5614, Huff dog continues to be hot for sale, company prices compare to 300 deep.
Listed on the market is hot, with 6018 single-month sales, and the 300 monthly tank sales will continue to climb as capacity continues to climb. The number of pickup cards sold is 22260, an increase of 66 per cent over the same period. Eurola brand sales are 10260, of which the Black Cat continues to sell, with a single-month sales of 6090, an increase of 370 per cent over the same period.
At the same time, the company actively controls the stock and expects the overall stock-for-product cycle to move forward with intelligence. In 2020, the company went to the market for Huff Dogs, the third generation Hafferh 6, the tank 300, the Eurasian Cats, etc.
In addition to consolidating the competitiveness of the powerful car type, the market has been slashed, and the new model is clearly superior in terms of product strength, market positioning, etc. It is expected to enhance the sales performance of the new vehicle cycle. More than 10 new models (all new and new) are on the market, thus further upgrading the product week.
At the same time, the company's new generation of smart cars, the first-volume-producing mocha, is about to be marketed, and the mocha, the Great Wall's smart technology, includes the first full solid laser radar, the first high-access 8155 chip, the world's first 9dct, the electromagnetic active hangar, etc.
Great Wall Cars: More than expected, New Car Week 2. Great Wall Cars: 2nd Quarter Beautiful, All New 3. Great Wall Cars: All q3 Perfect, Product Week
The study covered the new energy and automobile industry. Som Weizheng: five years of experience in the automobile industry. Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. The research area covered passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, and new energy vehicles and traditional cars.
Beyonda: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, with a national scholarship and study at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States of America, six years of lithium electricity research experience, covering the lithium electricity industry chain. Teen Fei: four years of industrial design and voucher industry research experience, Master of Technology in Kedge, France, and a complex background in electrical engineering and finance, covering the lithium electricity industry chain.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.