The company published sales data for February 2021, and in February it made sales of 89050, an increase of 788%. Of these, 61,067 were sold by Hafer, an increase of 754%; and Wey, an increase of 754%.
5482 vehicles, representing an increase of 1115 per cent in the same year; 1512 in the Great Wall pickup, representing an increase of 61 per cent in the same year; and 7374 in the Ora brand.
The impact of the epidemic last year caused the industry base to remain low, with the company ' s total sales growing significantly, with a cumulative sales volume of 2,280,62 in January-February, an increase of 153 per cent compared to the previous year. By car, the Hover brand was the main sales owner, and Haffah sold 31,710 in June, maintaining the suv monthly sales champion.
The prices of the company have continued to be sold since the market for Hafer Big Dogs, First Loves, M6plus, with 6318, 4002 and 8535, respectively, in February, and the subsequent F series will continue to contribute to this increase. Wey brand benefits.
In February, 300 were sold in tanks, still in short supply, while Moka is about to be marketed to further refine the web-based product line. The Wall’s pickups continue to be a leader in the industry, with 8112 guns sold each month.
In February, the company sold 9786 overseas and in January-February it had a cumulative total of 20758. The company actively promoted a global strategy, and in February it officially launched the gwm brand on the Thai market, bringing the number one.
In terms of intelligence, the company has completed its strategic investment in the lead car chip company horizons, marking the company's official entry.
At the same time, MMI’s completion of the prea wheel financing represents a further expansion of the company’s intelligent domain. New cars are being delivered at a slower pace than expected; new energy ventures are not opening up as much as expected.
Great Wall car: high sales in January, smart 2. Wall car: outperforms expectations, New Car Week 3. Wall car: two seasons of excellent performance, brand-new
The study covered the new energy and automobile industry. Som Weizheng: five years of experience in the automobile industry. Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. The research area covered passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, auto parts and components, and new energy vehicles and traditional cars.
Beyonda: Dr. Lithium Electric, Shanghai Transport University, with a national scholarship and study at the National Laboratory in Lawrence Berkeley, United States of America, six years of lithium electricity research experience, covering the lithium electricity industry chain. Teen Fei: four years of industrial design and voucher industry research experience, Master of Technology in Kedge, France, and a complex background in electrical engineering and finance, covering the lithium electricity industry chain.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.