Alternative car and car parts, smart new species mocha, wey brand sailing again (Pacific Car 2021) Event: Recent launch of a new generation of Wey flagship smart species, Moka, new cars.
On board a hybrid system, with the prospect of taking the leading fully solid laser radar in the industry, is in the leading position in the industry in terms of smart cabins and intelligent driving. Intelligent hardware is leading, software algorithms are endless. New cars are in the smart cabins and smart drivers.
Hardware is equipped to carry 8155 and thorrowride chips, autopilot sheets to the highest 360 tops in the industry and to support the stacking, while carrying global first-loadable high-performance fully-solid laser radars, capable of achieving a smile target of 130 meters.
Identification. Smart driving systems use an expanded architecture that will support software algorithms that are upgraded to L3\l4 and higher levels of autopilots, with autonomous R & D capabilities and promise to become smart drivers in the real sense of the fastest production in the industry.
Total stock/flow (million shares) is mixed at the start, with hard nuclear performance one step ahead.
Completely ridding the suv of high fuel consumption by loading the new lemon mix dht system or the 12-month maximum/minimum mint 2.ot+48v light mixer system and matching the global headline 9dc speed changer, power system industry
In addition, the new Great Wall vehicle (601633), whose annual sales are out of reach, continues at a maximum of 1,150 kilometres full of oil and eliminates mileage anxiety.
Shaping the future through a capricious contemplation. - 2021/01/10 The Great Wall Car (601633) The Star Car has broken down.
With the introduction of high-end, light and luxury brands over the past two years, a cumulative 400,000 sales have been made, and bamboos have been sold over the past two years, and new energy sources have outpaced thousands of cars. With the introduction of 300 tanks and trucks, wey brands will now be in production.
The series has been recombined to form a series of tanks and a series of coffee products, with the Wall Car (601633) continuing strong growth with the 300-end tank order bursting, and the trucking system is about to be rolled out.
Long, digitized change with extra-coded hair (Pacific Cars multi-car model is expected to recreate the re-branding of wey brands. 2020 Strategy Recommendations) - 2020/11/08
Investment proposals: The company has launched a new model of a coffee-series flagship motorcar, leading the industry in terms of intelligence and productivity, and the new car is expected to re-create the Wey brand. The Pacific Car will continue to be worth billions/89 billion in 2021, maintaining its “buy-in” rating.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report