In 2022, a new annualized project order was over $20 billion, car computing and interactive basements were built, single four-quarters revenue and net profit innovation were high, with net profit increasing by 44% over the same period.
14933 million yuan, or +56.05 per cent of the year, and 1,184 million yuan of the mother ' s net profit, or +42.13 per cent of the year. For the single season, 100 million yuan, or +43.92 per cent of the year, or +18.7.11 per cent of the year, the ring.
The growth in revenue was largely due to the growth in corporate smart cabins and the same increase in sales of smart driving products. The decline in ring ratios (R & D rate ring 1.3 pct) and the rebound in net interest rate rings were in varying degrees.
New project orders in excess of $20 billion have grown by more than 65% over the same year, and orders for high-calculable intelligent driving domain controllers, large-screen cabin products, and high-performance intelligent airspace controllers have increased rapidly.
Yearly, the company’s smart cabin collected $11,755 million, i.e. +47.97%, Māori rate 21.34%, i.e. -3.28 pct. The third generation of smart cabin products has been scaled up and new projects have been set up for multiple mainstream customers such as the Long Anfort, the Giuli, Biade, the Broadbuses, the United Cars, etc.
De Ceciway (002920.sz) - Building auto computing and interactive floors - The fourth generation smart cabin system has been set for new projects, with annualized orders for new smart cabins in 2022 for $10 billion; for intelligent driving, 2,571 million dollars in 2022, compared to the same amount
The company ipu04 has received high growth in the first and second quarters of the business.
Ipu02 will be launched as a strategic co-operative vehicle, building smart car students, more new programs, suitable for medium-to-high-priced inter-area models in the domestic car market, 2022.
De Cessive (00292.sz) - Quarterly high performance growth, with new projects ordered in 2021, driving new projects with annualized sales close to $8 billion. Investment proposal: up profit forecast, maintenance of “buy-in” rating.
As the base for car computing and interactive products, Desai Siews is a national leader in intelligent motor driving, with ample hand orders, a slight upward profit forecast, with higher profits expected in 23/24/25, higher profits in 202,04 du Ceciwe and net profit innovation, with net profits equal to +44%.
According to the split business, in 2022, the company smart cabin collected $11,755 million, compared to +47.97 per cent, the Māori rate, the first breakthrough in 2022 in corporate business earnings, the breakthroughs in new products, new customers, domestic passenger vehicle production of 2.0 per cent, and vehicle production of 6.4 per cent, with a major increase in the size of the harvest.
Increased sales of smart driving products as a result of the company ' s smart cabin. Figure 5: Increased productivity of cars/cars and higher rate of revenue at Camp Dessahway. Figure 6: Increased productivity of cars/cars and quarterly rate of increase at Camp Dessahwet
Figure 9: Changes in the four rates in Desai Weiwei, 55% increase in the same year, 44.5% increase in the number of R & D staff, and +2.2pc increase in the same years.
Research and development inputs, which have been gradually transformed into business and technology, have led to a rapid increase in the scale of business and order size of a large number of new products, and have led to a firm ' s technological accumulation in terms of software capabilities, functional security, information security, etc., with effective competitiveness and rapid improvement in client recognition. In 2022, the company ' s main R & D project was launched.
The view includes the fourth generation smart cabin project, the third generation core cabin development, the overseas auto metering project, the smart car domain control platform, ipu04 platform, the high pixel camera platform, the seating scene brain system, and the intelligent access system, some of which have already achieved a mass-scale product.
According to data released by the Chinese Auto-Industries Association, 2022q4 per cent less than the same time, and 48 per cent more revenue in Desessi, far exceeding the 49-pct increase in sales in the car industry. Strong performance growth was mainly due to the rapid upswing of sales after the arrival of new clients and new projects. On the one hand, stock, important company customers.
Gilly, Wally, Volkswagen, Volkswagen, Chiré's sales in 2022 varied by the same number, either from the Wall, Jili, Toyota, the general public, ideal, Peng, etc. The traditional car companies, Gilly, Biade, Wall, Gilly, and the general public, are expected to continue in 2022.
We've been collating the Great Wall, Gilly, Biadey's 2022 mainstream model, and since we've been on the market, the sales of Biadi seals have continued to rise, as well as the sales of Giadian and Hafh6 have remained high, and the sales of Biadi seals, Giadian seals, Chie and Li Qing, latte, Wall and Hafferh 6 in 2022 were 51,000 and 131,000, respectively, in 2022.
With regard to the new power of car construction, Pyipu03 autopilot controllers have been produced on the pap5 and p7 and the next generation autopilot domain controller ipu04 based on the British Weldaorin chip has become the ideal car, pupo04
Cars, etc., which have led to new forces and mainstream traditional car companies, have entered the scale-up phase, with 22h2 starting with volume-based production. Delivery in 2022 was 12.251/208.1332 million vehicles respectively, and ideal l9 was sold in 2022 at 3.8/5.9/39,000 vehicles, of which p 5, p7 and +398 per cent, respectively.
Figure 14: Mini-Pap5, p7, the ideal 1.9-minute monthly sales (car) platform, from new vehicles to production failure, marks the smart driver computing platform, representing the highest level of arithmetic in the industry - ipu04 has grown in size. Technology accumulation based on a series of smart drivers computing platforms, ipu04 project
From the end of September 2021, when the first version of the prototype was lit up to July, it took only about 10 months to create a new industry record of the speed of development of the domain control platform, with the benefit of design, agile delivery and security, reliable products that adequately secure the urgent need for the desired 19,000 volume-cargo offline. Next, Desecway.
Create a new record of sales of the flag class full-sized suv. Figure 15: On 28 September, the ideal l9 delivery of Desai Weibo04 passed 10,000 energy-motion-interactive, with Desai Weiwei playing the game and an interactive car-smarting tap.
Energy-motion-interactive, Dessauvres-mixed and interactive car intelligence taps. For the future, cars can be divided around the chassis and below the chassis, which is a live view of the human interaction under the smart cabin, broken down by the industrial chain as "chips-systems-applications-shows," screens, hud, glass, lights, etc.
It is expected to be a core interactive product. Under the chassis are mainly smart electric power and smart driving, smart motor integrated three power systems, which support the core energy of the entire drive; smart driving is based mainly on the role of Sensor-Calculation Platform-Auto-Driving Algorithms to the implementation level to achieve horizontal and vertical motion control. In summary, in the future,
The three main elements of the entire engine end of a smart car are energy, motion, interaction, and the Dexeciway is the engine of motor intelligence with one body. Desesiway: as the engine of motor intelligence with one body, the heart of the business of Dexeciway.
The focus is on intelligent driving (receipt of 15 per cent), smart cabin (receipt of 82 per cent). Smart driving is a fast-growing business for the public sector. The core is on intelligent driving domain controllers (ipu01, ipu02, ipu03, ipu04), smart cabins are firm business for the company, and the core is on large monolithics (LCD) in the cabin.
(c) Recognise the development path of Desai Weiwei, from smart cabins to intelligent driving, from big monoliths to integration, from autonomous-jointly-head ownership, new forces and joint ventures, incremental (to-customers), price increases (high-value-added product product extension)
In 2022, the company’s operating income broke the $10 billion mark for the first time, reaching $14,933 million, an increase of 56.05 per cent; and the sales of new project orders exceeded $20 billion a year, of which the sales of new project orders in the smart cabin surged.
Breaking $10 billion, selling orders for new smart cabins close to $8 billion a year, breaking new products (higher prices) and new households (increasing numbers) that support high growth in corporate performance. Figure 17: Smart driving in Desaiway, increase in smart cabin operations, increase in prices
Price rises: Product dimensions, focusing on three major operations: smart cabins, smart drivers, and web services. Corporate products focus on three major business groups: smart cabins, smart drivers, and web services, providing a people-centred, universal, intelligent and efficient overall travel programme, with smart cars at its centre, and participating in the construction of future intelligent encounters.
The Great Ecoosphere of the City of Chase and Wisdom. 1) Smart pods: double-dumping of $10 billion in size and annual sales of new project orders.
The company’s smart seating operations provide customers with open, flexible, and sustainable smart-barrel solutions through product platforming. In 2022, the size of the company’s smart-barrel product and the volume of the new project’s purchase orders were doubled by 10 billion dollars.
The third generation of high-performance smart class products has been scaled up and new projects have been established for multiple mainstream clients, such as the long Anfort, Gilly, Biadei, the Broader and the United Motors; the new generation of higher-powered, fourth-generation smart-class systems have been set for new projects. To better meet the differences in domestic and international markets,
The continuous refinement of the product matrix by the company in the area of smart cabins, covering areas ranging from light and quantitative high value to high value for money to demand, while providing more and better client performance through platforming and standardization of efficiency gains, marks the company's international leadership in software development and quality management in the area of smart cabins.
Information and entertainment systems, display systems, and LCDs have been growing rapidly, and have made abrupt advances in overseas markets. In 2022, the company's information and entertainment system acquired a toyota, a toyota-based toyota platform order, and new project orders such as the Volkswagen, suzuki, and the Great Wall car: the screen project has broken through.
Seet, East Wind and other white dot clients, and first issue a double 23.6 inch miniled binary screen; LCD operations get new project orders from Biadi, Guangbus, Gilly, Stillantis, etc.) Smart drivers: New projects order sales close to $8 billion a year
From low-speed parking to high-speed autopilot, from low-level intelligent driving aids to complete autopilot, from free foot to free eye, companies provide intelligent, safe and efficient solutions that eventually free people from driving completely. In 2022, corporate smart driving grew by 83% on a year-on-year basis.
The new project orders are worth close to $8 billion annually, supporting the continued high scale of smart driving. Corporate smart driving has reached the national level in the areas of software design, quality management, network security, and functional security.
In the case of smart-driving domain controllers, companies are already in the forefront of the domestic market, and the product matrix will cover more arithmetic areas to meet wider market demand. A high-arimental platform ipu04 has achieved mass-scale production on the ideal car, etc., and a large number of hand-orders will continue to match volume production to drive intelligence.
High-speed growth in operations provides strong support. The light-weight smart-driving domain controller ipu02 will launch more new programmes that match the country ' s largest market segment of medium-to-high-middle-priced areas, coupled with a rapid increase in the penetration of the country ' s products at the level of 12, 1+, and the company ' s light-driving smart-driving domain controller.
Corporate intelligent driving is committed to providing an overall solution and a combination of various forms of business models that, in addition to intelligent driving, driving domain controllers and related algorithms, have gained market leadership in terms of sensors and t-box products.
Of these, high-resolution cameras, adas cameras have been produced on a scale, millimetre wave-angle radars, bsd radars have been used in multiple customer production applications, while 4d and the national production radar programme have completed the industrial technology layout; and the 5g+v2xt-box+smart antenna programme has successfully achieved mass production on upper-airline, red flag, etc.
In 2022, a multi-car business was acquired in the country to assist in the expansion of the internationalization of Lidess El-Sewe. In October 2022, the lead supplier, the antenna test and certification, was successfully acquired by the European company Desai-Veves.