Stock incentives are being adjusted to the point where they have reached the event: Gore shares issued an announcement on June 28 to adjust the \triangleright corresponding to the current long-term incentive scheme
Equity incentive targets are adjusted to reflect the company’s profit confidence. The company’s revised original equity incentive test refers to \triangleright’s new profit test, demonstrating the company’s confidence in its ability to recover and release its profits.
It was argued that, along with the continued optimization of corporate efficiency gains and the growth of the xr industry, the profits are high, the core cadres focus on the profitability of business, while at the same time helping to attract and retain good managerial and business cadres, improve corporate employee cohesion and company competitiveness, and ensure long-term stable development.
The xr industry explores the bottoms and focuses on the ai holding the anar glasses. According to Wellseen data, the 23-year meta \triangleright 2. Gool shares (002241.sz) are reported on the 3rd quarter 2023.
The drop in sales from Quest, which is 541w, is 32% lower than in the previous year, and we believe that the decline is due to a lack of internal Xr and consumer power, as well as the higher price of the product. Looking at 24 years, the xr industry’s head "player" has gradually increased, leading to overall warming; the company’s head client Meta is expected to be 24 years old.
Release a cheap version of the quest, which will lead to a double recovery of smart hardware plates and profits. In addition, Meta will have a big Connect this year, according to the 23-year Quarterly Review: short-term performance pressure, multiple layouts, etc.
It is expected that a new ai terminal will be helped by the release of the " Ai technology " , represented by the " Stakeholder Scheme " - 2022/12/2/, using a two-year profit guide modelled in large languages, which will be the starting point for the convergence of ar+ai.
The company has a product strategy based on "Accurate Zero Component + Smart Hardware Integrator \triangleright".
The combined profit of the impact will be raised by the recovery of the xr industry's heating back and sound-blowing customer relationships.
In addition, the company has been active in expanding automobile electronics and has completed a 100 per cent equity acquisition of optics technology in 23q4, enhancing business development in the field of micro-optic devices, precision optical devices, etc.
\triangleright studies methodological and analytical logic, produces the report independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.