Gale shares (00224) Quarterly Review 2024: Quarterly Report is over-expected, profitable, research assistant Wang Yunji
▪ The quarterly report exceeded expectations and the product structure optimized profitability: the company collected $19.3 billion in the first quarter of 2024, a 19.9 per cent decline in the same year, a net profit of $380 million to the mother, a 257.5 per cent increase in the same year, a net profit of $280 million to the non-return to the mother, a 1723 per cent increase in the same year, and a net cash flow of $1.53 billion to the business activity
The reason for the fall in corporate income in the quarter is mainly from the post-product cycle of a customer’s game project (which peaked during the same period last year), thus affecting the collection of smart hardware, which has a sophisticated zero component and a smart acoustic whole operation.
The company’s Māori rate and net interest rate are 9.2 per cent/1.9 per cent in the first quarter (compared to 7.0 per cent/0.5 per cent in the same period last year), with single-season net interest rates almost a year and a half.
The new highs, on the one hand, the recovery of the growth in the volume of Xr eyeglass head customers and tws headphones with a higher Māori ratio (lower Māori for downplayer business), have resulted in the optimal structure of the assembly product, and on the other hand, the company ' s continued increase in surplus through effective cost-control capabilities.
Quality of profits, sound financial indicators, and efficient internal operations have continued the trend of increasing profitability since the second half of last year. We believe that corporate performance has become entrenched, and that as core competitiveness continues to be consolidated, priority client projects continue to break down, and the demand for all kinds of smart hardware is warming.
The Division is expected to maintain a high growth trend in the future. The xr glasses business is expected to return to high growth: the company maintains the leading position in the global xr glasses integrated programme, from optical components (vr), optical systems (ar), core algorithms, to smart whole-office design.
Manufacturing capacity, all leading industries, long-term depth collaboration with global technology firms. 1) Short-term dimensions.
(ii) In the long-term dimension, based on factors such as the expansion of the application landscape, the improvement of the hardware and software ecology, and the entry of more technology giants, in the age of spatial computing, the annual report meets expectations and performance can be phased out.
Vr/ar/mr hardware shipments are expected to open the growing ceiling in the coming years, and Gore is expected to lead the industry through his position as a global core supplier.
• Optimized product structure, with all kinds of smart hardware expected to warm up: companies insist on smart manufacturing + precision : o3 season rolls, futures, making double-wheel drive, building an industrial biosphere around the "4+4+n" zero-sum strategy, with each passing.
The recovery in the output of class end products and the optimization of the product structure are expected to increase the company's profitability. 1) The tws headphone design and core acoustic components are in the lead in the market, and the client orders and shares are expected to rise steadily, while the product overlaps are expected to contribute to the sound of power intelligence.
(b) Smart hardware, such as games, wearables, smart homes, etc., is expected to flourish, and diversification of client and product categories will effectively raise the Maori ratio of smart hardware; and (c) companies continue to enhance their layout in microelectronics, with mems microphones leading globally, and
Increased investment in mems intelligent sensors, sip advanced encapsulation processes, etc., can be expected to increase profitability in the business while providing performance elasticity.  Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain the company’s 2024-2026 net return profit forecast
Gore shares are based on three major financial forecasts. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is eligible for portfolio investment advisory services.