Gore shares (002241.sz) ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii. ii. ii. ii. ii. ii. ii. ii. ii. ii. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Faced with such challenges as the low consumer electronics sector, the need for the end market to decline, and the slower-than-expected growth of some of the emerging smart hardware products, companies continue to pursue a product strategy of “precision zero components + smart hardware upholstery” that focuses on serving the world’s technological and consumer electronics industry’s leading customers.
Actively promote the development of new and emerging smart hardware such as acoustics, optical, microelectronics, structural components such as precision zero components and vr virtual reality, mr hybrid reality, ar-enhanced reality, smart wireless headphones, smart wearables, smart homes, etc., while further enhancing business expansion and making some progress in the area of automobile electronics.
In this area, companies are actively building the gpsgol manufacturing system, building future-oriented intelligent manufacturing models with Gore characteristics, and further strengthening the firm’s core competitiveness as a manufacturing enterprise. In 2023, Gore’s shares achieved a business income of 98.574 billion yuan, resulting in a net return profit of 1,088 million yuan; the company’s profitability gradually improved.
On October 26, 2023, Gore shares issued an announcement that their controlling subsidiary, Gore Optics, would buy 100% of Gore's shareholdings, and that it would use the design and manufacture of micro-optic components (doe, roe) as a nuclear option.
Heart technology, which provides the international leading three-dimensional visual module and system solutions. At the same time, PV is focused on the Sun Peak Power industry, which is dedicated to the development, production and marketing of high-quality photovoltaic products.
(doe, mla), projecting module, laser module, 3d structure light smart door lock/door lock, 3d brush face, Wang Haivi pay module, arlight wave guide, etc., widely applied to 3d face recognition (face brush/door lock/door lock), machine
Human visualization, consumer electronics, car-borne electronics, human aircraft interaction, surveillance, security controls, smart homes, logistics storage, etc. In the above-mentioned areas of business, luminous technology has synergies with Gore optical science, effectively enhancing the integrated competitiveness of Gore’s shares in sophisticated optical fields and supporting the future development of companies’ optical operations.
The annual report shows that the company ' s main R & D projects are eight, of which xr-related areas are four: (1) vr/mr/ar precision optical devices and modular R & D projects: development of sophisticated optical devices and modular products for new and emerging optical technologies such as applications of folding optical circuits, optical wave guidance, and promotion of their application in vr/mr/ar headwear products.
The Division ' s competitiveness and market share in the area of precision optical devices and modules in vr/mr/ar, enhancing the ability of companies to provide customized optical solutions to households and improving the vertical integration capacity and profitability of companies in the area of vr/mr/ar. (2) A project on research and development of photo-optic modules in the field of projectar development: development of research and development targeting the enhancement of current capabilities
Micro-projecting module products in areas such as physical, ar-hud, and promoting their applications in consumer electronics, automobile electronics, etc. help to increase the competitiveness of companies in the field of ar-optic modules and extend the capabilities of a company's optical module to the area of automobile electronics. (3) Vr Virtual Reality/mr Mixed Real-Done Machine R & D
Project: Development of vr virtual reality/mr blended machine products with high nuanced display, precise tracking of interactions, light quantification, etc.
Products such as wireless light-quantized glasses and their main functional modules that use the scene strongly help to enhance the Division’s research and development experience and technological accumulation in the field of enhancing reality, to support companies in increasing their competitive edge in the field of reality, and to expand opportunities for electronic car-related business, in sensors, arhud modules and optical devices.
For the first time, coverage has been given to increase-a-recommendations. Industrialization risks, less than expected roll-out of corporate products, such as apples, and market competition have increased the risk.
The market size of emerging smart hardware products was differentiated in 2023. According to the statistics of the leading advisory body Canalys, the volume of products that could be worn by smarts worldwide was about 186 million in 2023, an increase of about 2% compared to 2023.
While faced with insufficient end-use demand, the market size of smart-to-use and tws smart-wire-to-phone products has remained stable and is expected to grow faster in the future, accompanied by the maturity and application of software and hardware technologies such as smart interaction, health monitoring and so on.
On the one hand, with the development of software and hardware technology such as image sensors, space computing, etc., mainstream vr virtual reality products have generally been matched to support mr hybrid reality applications.
Hardware and software content, vr virtual reality and mr mixed reality boundaries are further blurred, and mr blended reality products are becoming market mainstream. On the other hand, a large number of consumer electronics front-loaders released a new generation of mr mixed reality products in 2023, or disclosed development plans related to the meta-cosm, which amply demonstrate the importance and impetus that the consumer electronics industry attaches to the direction of this product.
At the same time, the market size of the Ar to enhance real products continues to grow, and the associated hardware technology continues to mature, especially its potential to combine reality with i-technology, attracting sustained attention and input from many industry leaders. Vr Virtual reality, mr-mix reality, and an increase in the development of real products will further promote their associated micro-showing, precision optics, and dissemination.
In the face of industrial opportunities in the post-movement era, such as new smart hardware products, ai artificial intelligence, meta-cosm, etc., companies will respond positively, building on existing advantages, continuously consolidating core competitiveness, actively expanding new smart hardware and associated sophisticated zero-component operations, and actively layout them.
(i) Smart hardware: the business focuses on products related to recreation, health, home security, etc., the main products include vr virtual reality products, mr blended reality products, ar enhanced reality products, smart and wearable products, smart home video games, etc.
We expect the company's smart hardware business revenue to be (2) the smart acoustics whole machine in 2024-2026: the business focuses on the direction of products related to sound technology, voice interaction, artificial intelligence, etc., including tws smart wireless headphones, wired/wireless headphones, smartphones, etc.
The operating income of the entire smart acoustic machine is 29,128,372,50,488,619 million yuan. (3) Precision zero components: the business focuses on the direction of products such as acoustics, opticals, microelectronics, structurals, and the main products include micro-speakers/talkers, speaker groups, tactile devices (Mada), wireless chargers, antennas, mems acoustics.
Devices, other mems sensors, microsystem groups, vr/mr optical devices and modules, ar optical devices, micro-optic devices, 3d structure photomodes, ar light machine modules, arhud modules, precision structures, etc., which are widely applied to smart phones, tablet computers, smart wireless headphones, vr virtual reality, mr mixed reality, ar-enhanced reality, smart-clothable, smart-thinkers
In the end products, automobiles, electronics, etc., we expect to generate revenue from the company’s sophisticated zero-component operations in 2024-2026 from Gore’s major stock holdings, including precision zero-component operations, smart acoustics, and smart hardware operations. We select the following companies as comparable companies: sophisticated electronics, automobiles, communications, deep focus and development in the medical industry, through parts,
Modules to the system, vertically integrated in a direction or in a reverse direction, constantly digging for depth of value, with a view to diversifying the layout of the various product lines in different applications; crystallized photovoltaic products in general-applicable butane smartphones, cameras, smart appliance devices, smart homes, security surveillance, vehicle-borne photovoltaics, meta-cosmar/vr, etc.; the Industrial Union is the world's leading communications network equipment, cloud service equipment, etc.
Precision tools and industrial robotics specialized design manufacturing service providers; national optical appliances, a world-famous electronic voice manufacturer, currently covered with electronic sound accessories, loudspeaker units, sound systems, digital operations, polymer lithium batteries, etc.; blue-optics specialized in optical element development, with major products including optical prisms, glass non-spheric lenses, glass crystal rounders; and Chinese technical product lines covering smart hands.
Machines, laptops, tablet computers, smart wears (including smart watches, tws headphones, smart handrings, etc.), alot products (packs of smart poss, car electrons, smart sound boxes, etc.) and smart hardware products such as servers. There are innovative competitive advantages in areas such as manufacturing, and opportunities for electronic car-related business are expanded, in sensors, arhud modules and so on.
Positive business progress has been made in subdirectional direction, such as optical devices, to add to the continued growth of future automobile electronics and xr markets, providing room for growth in corporate performance. For the first time, coverage has been given to increase-a proposal.