Event evaluation: adjustment of performance evaluation targets for the equity incentive scheme, 28 June 2024
Events: Gore shares readjustment performance appraisal targets for the 2023 equity incentive scheme  incentives re-energizing growth confidence and stimulating new incentives for profitability: According to the announcement of 27 June, the Division plans to adjust performance appraisal indicators for the current long-term incentive scheme.
The new indicator sets the higher net profit growth rate over the next three years, reflecting firm confidence in the future’s profitability, high growth rates, and recovery of profitability. At the same time, increasing the indicator of net return growth is an optional measure of firm commitment to the quality of profitability.
The implementation of the plan sends a positive signal that efforts are being made within the company to restore profitability by optimizing product structure and cost controls to achieve an overall net interest rate increase for the company. This has led to a clearer direction and a better incentive for recovery.
With the team’s effective motivation and the warmth of the demand for all kinds of smart hardware, the business blocks will either continue to make a breakthrough, and the company is expected to maintain its growth trend from the beginning of the first quarter. The xr glasses are expected to resume high-growth technology innovation-driven development: the company keeps the global xr.
(i) The long-term dimension of the replacement and upgrading of the new products of the main clients of the vr glasses this year.
The opening of the market is expected to lead to a significant increase in the volume of goods produced; 2) In the long term, the spatial dimension of the age is based on the expansion of the application landscape, the improvement of the ecology of hardware and software, and the entry of more technology giants.
Among other factors, vr/ar/mr hardware output is expected to open up the growing ceiling in the coming years, and Gore is expected to lead industry on the basis of his position as a global core supplier.
▪ Optimized product structure, with all kinds of smart hardware expected to return to full heat: optimized product structure, all kinds of intelligent hardware expected to return to full heat: the company insisted on smart manufacturing plus precision manufacturing double-wheel drive, building an industrial biosphere around the "4+4+n" zero-sum strategy, with all types of end-products coming out.
Gale Shares (002241); Return point in 2023 and optimized product structure, which is expected to lead to a sustained increase in corporate profitability. 1) tws headphones: Yearly Report meets expectations, performance can be reduced.
The entire machine design and core acoustic components are in the lead in the market, with major client orders and shares expected to pick up steadily, while product overlaps are expected to boost the collection and profitability of the entire acoustic machine; 2) smart hardware such as games, wearables, smart homes, etc., are expected to be available, and customers are expected to spend a lot of money.
The diversification of products will effectively raise the level of Maori in smart hardware; 3) The company continues to enhance its layout in microelectrics, mems mics are a global leader, and its investments in mems intelligent sensors, sip advanced encapsulation processes are expected to increase while providing performance elasticity.
Profit forecast and investment rating: we maintain the company ' s forecast of net return profits for 2024-2026.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.