BIG (601238): Short-core default for short-term sales, no change in long-term growth trends
Incidents: In recent days, the company has published the August Express: the company has achieved the sale of about 122,000 vehicles, with the company being Guangzhou AutoIndustries, Ltd., a 32.25 per cent drop in comparison to the Van Dirts. The assessment is as follows:
Group, China Mechanical Industries Group, Guangzhou Steel Short-Locked-Long-Term Sales Pressure: 46,000 vehicles and 58,000 Iron Industries Group Limited, co-sponsors of the Guang Gas Group production in August as compared to July,
Large state-owned stock-holding companies launched by means of the annual average production of the major car companies under the company’s umbrella in August, and we estimate the lack of core against the wide group.
The production of cars, parts and components of cars, manufacturing, marketing and after sale has affected more than 80,000 vehicles in August.
The downside is related to the pressure on semiconductor supplies caused by the South-East Asian epidemic. Toyota's 10th September announcement that leasing, second-hand vehicles, logistics, dismantling, resource regeneration, gas, reducing its annual production to 9 million vehicles (previously projected at 9.3 million), and a short supply of chips.
Car credit, finance leasing, commercial factoring, insurance, and insurance are important factors affecting global automobile production. But we still believe that chip shortages are only short-term factors, with little impact on the long-term trends and future patterns of the automobile industry.
The trend to improve gas autonomy has not changed. The two fields remain resilient: in August, when the bulk-sales data drops, major events in the next three to six months suggest: up to 18,035 vehicles, a 31.5% drop in the same year, but end-sale data have increased by 29965.
12.7% of all new car leopards received 15336 orders in August, with a cumulative order of more than 30,000. In August, Guang-Enan sold more than 10,000, the main-car aions sold 5238 and aiony 4123, all of which were in the front line of the market. With the new gs8 on the market in the second half of the year, new cars like aionvplus were on the market.
The sale of two main vehicles, such as Guangbong Yakaku, Guangfeng, Camerri, and others, remains strong. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: the recovery of the Wide Steam Steam has begun, and this is a broad-blown collection.
As a result of a series of measures over the years, such as the high input of core technology, the positive restructuring of the organizational structure, and the motivation of talent, short-term weaknesses do not affect this trend. We look forward to the recovery of corporate ownership and the emergence of two sources of Eastern financial intelligence.
Volkswagen Group (601238): Short core to cover short-term sales, without changing long-term growth trends, the source of Eastern financial growth, the source of Eastern financial gain.
East Hing Securities Co. reported that he's in the middle of a long-term growth trend, Lee Kim Jin-jin.
Master ' s degree in management, multi-year experience in automobiles and spare parts, University of Nankai, employed from 2009 to date in the National Information Centre, Great Wall Securities, Zhang Yi Yung, Bachelor of Arts in Finance, University of Xiyang, and in 2019 in East Hing Securities, in the automobile industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.