Wide-Steam Group (601238): Wide-Small-EAN-U.U.S.A., with high-end smart-powered, wide-gas group.
In recent days, the company has issued an announcement of a Board of Directors resolution and a news bulletin for the month of June on the company's collaboration with Guangzhou Auto-Industries Group, Inc., Van Dynasty, and Eyan and Hua, and the Guangfik Replenishment, among others.
Group, China Mechanical Industries Group, Guangzhou Steel, and Eian Unilever co-initiated high-end smart electric power: it was announced that Hiro-Ean-hwa would act as co-sponsors of the Guang-based Iron Industries Group Ltd., and so on, and that it would be possible for the company to be a co-founder of the company.
Gep3.0 platform, China to build a new generation of smart car digital flats (intelligence and communication structures)
The main operations include the development, manufacture, sale, and sale of a series of future smart cars in passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, motorcycles, auto parts and components.
Services, as well as the import-export trade of automobile-related products, automobiles, we believe that the gas has been installed in the country at an earlier stage of a pure power platform, which now has to go to the gep 2.0.
By contrast to the competing parameters, wide gas is based on a pure power platform-developed electric vehicles that are in the lead at axle range, mileage renewal, car credit, finance lease, commercial factoring, insurance and insurance (long and optional).
Once again, it has been upgraded to add up to the advantage of a communication structure and a panorama smart solution, which is expected to lead to a new performance in the field of high-end smart electric vehicles. Major events for the next three to six months suggest:
In the first half of 2021, the Volkswagen Group achieved a higher growth in vehicle sales and maintained low stock operations: although there were debt payments and cross-equity presentations: Chip effects, the Volkswagen Group achieved 1,026,000 vehicle sales in January-June 2021, an increase of 24.5 per cent.
This is a 2.7% increase compared to the first half of 2019, which is better than industry performance. According to the network, the current Volkswagen Toyota industry continues to perform well, with production and ring growth maintained in June, and the Tnga family accumulated 316996 in January-June, up to 74.4% (71.2% in 2020), and mixed.
Honda is influenced by chips in the short term. In June, the product was under pressure, and a wide range was affected by the impact on chips by adjusting the vehicle structure (maintaining medium- and high-end vehicle-type production). The autonomous plate, Eyan, continued heat sales, June terminal delivery, monthly production loops rebounded, mpv Twin Stars sold a total of 12293 vehicles in June, maintaining a steady high-end mpv.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: Eian Universu, a strong association in the field of electric power and intelligence, has helped Ean to break through the market for high-end smart electric vehicles. In the joint venture, the two fields will be the main force in the build-up.
The values are 18, 12 and 11 times, respectively, and the “very recommended” rating is maintained.
Hiromoose Group (601238): Hiromoon Ein Unilever is the source of high-end smart electric power, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Guangming Group (601238): Hironaga Eun-hwa is a high-end smart electric powerer, Lee Jin-jin.
Master of Management, University of Nankai, with many years of experience in automobiles and spare parts research, has been employed since 2009 at the National Information Centre, Great Wall Securities, Profile of Research Assistant, Jang Yoon
A Bachelor of Arts from the University of Xi'an, Master of Finance from the University of Makantan, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 to conduct research in the automobile industry.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.