SM: A lot of new money, cars, future growth, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money, a lot of money.
Incidents: In recent days, the Volkswagen flag has stepped out of the vehicle fleet, the Volkswagen Eyan, the Toyota, the Toyota, and the Hiroshi Auto-Industrial Group, Inc., and Mandamus have issued several large-scale new models. The assessment is as follows:
Group, China Mechanical Industries Group, Guangzhou Steel Group Limited, etc., as co-sponsors, will be fully pre-saled on October 1st. First generation gs8 will be a wide-blown vehicle flagship, suv.
The main operations include research and development, manufacture, sale and sale of vehicle parts and components in passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, motorcycles, cars and spare parts.
After five years, gs8 will be completely new, based on a wide range of gas and services, as well as on the export/import trade of automobile-related products. The car gpma architecturel platform is built with two versions: hybrid, fuel.
Leases, used cars, logistics, dismantling, resource regeneration, power 2.0t engine with Toyota Generation 4ths hybrid system (the same for New Hlanda), first achieved vehicle credit, financial leasing, commercial factoring, insurance and insurance
The Toyotaths hybrid system matches the turbine booster engine to satisfy both the fuel saving and the balancing of force. The mixing gs8nedc works at 5.3l/1000km, 0-100kmh acceleration of 6.9s. The table is better than the mixing of Hanlanda. The fuel plate gs8 carries a wave power of 2.0t and a love engine.
In addition to the power system, the second generation of gs8 also carries more intelligent, humanized configurations, such as ar-hud, avdc shadow driver, and five, six.
The cash aionv was marketed in June 2020 at a price of $15.96-23.96 million, continuing.
The mileage includes 400 km, 500 km, 530 km, and 600km. Aionv7 and August sales are stable at around 2,000. Aionvplus will be designed from a new generation of appearances, better aligned with electric vehicle properties.
The main advantage is that aionvplus will also launch a fast-loaded version of super-fast-loading technology that will significantly enhance the user-charged experience. Aionvplus will once again consolidate EA’s competitive advantage in the $150,000-200,000 electric vehicle area.
Unlike Bekgl8, which is more business-oriented, Sena is more focused on the mpv market for household use, and has a clear advantage in space and energy conservation. The Toyota Tnga+ths hybrid technology has been introduced throughout the Seine and is expected to become a high-end mpv-type in the country.
The first compact, all-new suv-frylander will further enrich the layout of the large-blown Toyota in suv. Hiro, Honda will launch a new middle-class sedan, integra, which has recently been published under the name "type." From the performance of the East Windfield Thinking Field, 244,000 and 245,000 vehicles will be sold separately in the 2019-2020 area.
Corporate profit forecasts and investment ratings: heavy-pound new cars are the sharpest vehicle for recovery, and a lot of new cars are on their way with a lot of auto autonomy and joint ventures. This is the high investment in core technology, the organizational structure of the Broad-Cars Group over the years.
We look forward to the recovery of the company’s autonomy and the steady growth of the two fields. The company’s net return to its mother is expected to be $8.17 billion in 2021-2023, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
So, we've got a lot of new cars, a lot of future growth, a lot of Eastern money, a lot of East money, a lot of East money, a lot of East money, a lot of East money, a lot of Easter money, a lot of Easter money.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that Guang Gang (601238) has a lot of new cars to show up for growth in the future, Lee Jin-jin.
Master ' s degree in management, multi-year experience in automobiles and spare parts, University of Nankai, employed from 2009 to date in the National Information Centre, Great Wall Securities, Zhang Yi Yung, Bachelor of Arts in Finance, University of Xiyang, and in 2019 in East Hing Securities, in the automobile industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.