The company is the Guangzhou Auto-Industrial Group Ltd., the Van Dynasty Group.
Ten thousand vehicles, 1.86 per cent lower than the previous year. The following is the assessment: Group Company, China Mechanical Industries Group, Guangzhou Steel.
The iron conglomerates, etc., as co-sponsors, increased by 56.45 per cent and 26.40 per cent, respectively, by one vehicle and 29,227 vehicles.
The main operations include the development, manufacture, sale and sale of car parts and components in passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, motorcycles, cars, and after-sales.
(m8\m6) Sales in July continued to exceed 10,000 vehicles, 1115 for three months, and services, as well as the import and export of car-related products, have become the standard for autonomous high-end mpv.
Rents, used cars, logistics, dismantling, regenerative resources, and 15,000 orders have been issued.
In January-July of the year, the net electric vehicle stock of the gas was 53,541, an increase of 110.32 per cent over the previous year. In April of 2021, the total sales of the new electric car aiony increased steadily, and in June, the market of the aionsplus was listed, with major indications for the next three to six months:
We believe that the recovery of the broad-based autonomous plates has begun, and this is what the broad-based groups have described over the years in terms of high levels of software and hardware, such as technology research and development, organizational structures, incentives, etc. Debts and cross-shareholdings:
The second half of the year, with the strength of the Leopard, the new gs8 and the Eian brands, sales in the two fields were stable overall, and the chip problem did not affect the long-term growth trend in the two fields: 72,137, 75,130 were sold in July, compared to 4.64 and 0.76 per cent, respectively.
The sales volume remained high, with Kermeri achieving 22,000, the highest monthly sales since 2020, and the Ray Ling family sales of 21,000, among others. The bulk of the 2021.1-7 combined sales of 804 thousand vehicles, 16.3%, and 12.2% in 2020, steadily increasing the share of hybrid vehicles.
At present, 48,065 vehicles are sold, 60,468 of which are 48,01% and 15.71% respectively. Broad copies of the chip are loud, but by ring comparison, the production ring drop in July has been significantly narrowed, down by 6%, and the previous value is 17.7%.
For the chip problem is a short-term factor, while the number of new models and their product power, and the release of additional capacity, are the underlying factors for stable growth over the long term in the field. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: the recovery trend of the wide gas self-contained plates has begun.
Over the years, the mission has been working on a series of measures, such as high-intensity investment in core technology, positive restructuring of the organizational structure, and talent incentives. We look forward to the recovery of corporate ownership and steady growth of the two fields.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
(a) Hirote Group (601238): The momentum for the autonomous recovery of the atmosphere is clear. Li Jinjin Nankai University, Master of Management, has had many years of experience in automobile and spare parts research, and has been employed in the National Information Centre, Long Wall Securities, in 2009 to date.
Zhang Xiao Yin, Master of Finance, University of Cyan Transport, 2019, joined East Hing Securities to study the auto industry, and the teacher's own research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended in this report or recommended in the future.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.