The new organization model, the city of the first car, the car's turning over.
In recent days, the Automotive Automobile has become a brand-new car -- the company's chief executives group, the Guangzhou Auto-Industries Group Ltd., the first car under the Manchuria model, and the first sports car under the company's gpma structure. The assessment is as follows:
The group, the China Mechanical Industries Group, the Guangzhou Steel Corporation, and the Guangzhou Steel Autonomy have introduced a system of directors-general of vehicles, creating horizontal organizations, and the director-general is responsible for the success or failure of the car: the Iron Industries Group Ltd., among others, as co-sponsors.
Since the beginning of 2019, the Volkswagen Autonomy has been developing institutional changes, based on the creation of a large State-owned shareholding enterprise, initiated by the former Ministry of Longitudinal Functions, the horizontal organization of the Director-General of Cars. The Director-General of Cars has a market, R & D, production and integration component.
The main operations include the development, manufacture, sale, and sale of spare parts in passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, motorcycles, automobiles, and after-sales directors.
Services, as well as the import and export trade of automobile-related products, cars, a team that works in close coordination and works together. The model allows car-type success or failure and team motivation depths, leasing, second-hand cars, logistics, dismantling, resource regeneration.
The chief director is responsible for the car's success, risk sharing, and benefit sharing. The leopard is the first car in the model: credit, finance lease, commercial factoring, insurance and insurance.
Flexible positioning – Sport, control cars: Unlike the highlights for the next three to six months, the main point of sale is a highly athletic look, strong power manipulation and more scientific experience, with a price of $988,000, which is lower than the joint venture competition.
The mainstream economy ' s domestic car market, where competitions in this area are relatively small, such as joint ventures in Honda, debt payments and cross-equity presentations: Majudha Anksala, Modern Fista, autonomous lords mg6, Gilistine, etc.
We believe that avoiding the price-for-home market, around high performance, fashion youth, age-friendly product development, marketing strategies may be an effective way for autonomous brands to open up the car market. With the rejuvenation of car consumption groups, this segment is expected to expand.
A good-faith attempt to locate the market in terms of appearance, performance, and technology. Shadow leopards are expected to turn over in the car industry.
With many years of research and development experience and new organizational structures, the leopards are expected to be the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The new organization model: the city's first car, the car's turning over, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the new organization model is the first car in the city, and that the car turns on Lee Jin-jin.
Master ' s degree in management, multi-year experience in automobiles and spare parts, University of Nankai, employed from 2009 to date in the National Information Centre, Great Wall Securities, Zhang Yi Yung, Bachelor of Arts in Finance, University of Xiyang, and in 2019 in East Hing Securities, in the automobile industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.