I've got an improvement in the sale of my own brand, and I'm going to mix it up with the gas and introduce the battle pitch, Lee Ze-chul.
(i) The growth of new energy vehicles and mpv models has been better and the sale of autonomous brands has improved. In terms of sales volume, companies achieved 102.65 million vehicles in the first half of the year, representing a 24.39 per cent increase in the same year, slightly less than the industry growth rate of 30.14 per cent and 87.87 per cent, with continued heat sales of m8 and m6 and keeping mpv at the top of the market segment.
In the case of Toyota, Hiroshima and Honda, sales of 41.72 million vehicles and 37.16 million vehicles were achieved, an increase of 30.02 per cent and 16.68 per cent over the same period; in the case of vehicles, sales of 15.10 million vehicles were achieved, an increase of 28.29 per cent over the same period. The number of vehicles in mpv was 52.2 million, a significant increase of 126.50 per cent over the same period; and in the case of Hiroshima, there were 4.3 million vehicles,
(ii) The Māori rate has improved significantly and the return on investment has increased its performance. In the first half of the year, the company made a total of RMB 21,158 million in vehicle production, a Māori rate of 3.73 per cent, a significant improvement over the +266 pt; and commercial trade.
Business investment returns are expected to increase by $2.3 billion over the same period, and it is expected that (iii) it will be possible to mix and introduce the new energy layout with the new E-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A. The company announces that it will be able to do so through research and development on new energy vehicles, taking into account the overall development of the full-source subsidiary E-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A-A.
The consolidation of power and operations, the consolidation of assets, the promotion of a hybrid E-A-A-A-A-R, the expansion of its equity and the introduction of strategic investors, and the active search for the right time to go to the market. The mix-up of the new E-A-A-A-A-A-R, and the introduction of war investments, reflect the firm’s high priority on the new energy development layout and help to raise its capital.
Investment advice: the company has a strong brand as a head-to-head factory. The corporate product matrix is well developed, the new launch cycle of autonomous brands is opened, the new energy layout is faster, and sales are more predictable.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Joined the Investment Research Department of the China Institute of Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd. in 2018 to carry out research in the automobile industry, focusing on the whole of the car by car and its industrial chain