China Construction (601668) reported a six-monthly rate of 63.0 per cent in 2017; capital business generated $97 billion, an increase of 33.0 per cent.
Business generated business income of 3.2 billion yuan, an increase of 1.0 per cent from the same year and 0.6 per cent from the same year, and, during the reporting period, companies, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, earned business income of 37.2 billion yuan from overseas operations, an increase of 17.7 per cent from the same year, or 7.08 per cent.
New contracts continue to grow, providing a basis for growth in performance. New contracts for the construction of corporate houses in the first half of 2017 amounted to $823.4 billion, or 0.4 per cent, and accelerated growth in the company ' s offshore operations. For the first time in a six-month period, new contracts (including real estate) broke out by hundreds of billions, the Maori rate increased by three rates, and fair value changes and investment returns led to a double increase in profits.
The Māori rate for the other three sectors of business decreased from last year, while overseas operations achieved Māori of R$3.28 billion and Māori of 8.9 per cent, an increase of 3.5 percentage points over the same period. As the scale of sales expands, losses in the value of business promotion fees, management fees, interest costs increase and account for 0.06 per cent of operating income.
The company’s “recommended” investment rating is maintained.
In 2008, the Central University of Finance and Economics entered the securities industry, with many years of experience in industrial research, and in 2011 with the Eung Xin securities, engaged in the construction of its own ideas. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or ideas in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies