China's buildings (601668.sh) are decorated/houses are built with both power and performance, and companies are following the country's regional development strategy closely, seizing new opportunities for urban construction and accelerating the upgrading of the transition.
The company ' s construction business continued to grow at a high level, with a steady overall increase in orders: in January-July of 17 years, a total of 12,268 billion yuan was added to the construction business, an increase of 26.7 per cent over the previous year ' s period, an increase of 8.5 per cent over January-June, and a robust increase in orders.
The order continues its strong growth performance. We expect the next half of the year to see a gradual improvement in the macroeconomic sector and strong momentum, especially as infrastructure now accounts for more than 21 per cent of fixed capital investment in cities and towns, reaching the lowest/highest level in a year:
During the years of project landing, corporate capital operations will continue to expand, with a further increase in the ratio of revenue to the expanded ppp model, which will facilitate accelerated landing of capital projects: the company has developed an advantage in the ppp model area, driving corporate restructuring and brand upgrading.
In the first half of 2017, the company had accumulated about 200 ppp projects, and the number of construction-led contracts was expected to be approximately 108 (80.0% of the total) in the 16-year period, with investments of $187 billion (82.6%), mainly in the areas of urban tracks, bridges, underground halls.
In the first half of 2017, a total of about $380 billion was contracted for construction-led construction, of which about $290 billion, or 76 per cent, was contracted for infrastructure. The ppp model provided a powerful boost to the landing of capital-related orders.
In the dawn of the year, the company, as a leading architect in construction, has a strong edge in the ppp field, and its capital business will continue to grow at a high rate. The sale of real estate continues, and the land reserves are sufficient:
The company’s real-estate business, under tight management on the first and second floors, adapts its business strategy in a timely manner to changes in the market environment and policies, maintains high levels of growth, and highlights the industry’s leadership.
Sale: $134.5 billion in real estate contract sales in July, an increase of 45.6 per cent over the same period in the previous year, for sale in Chinese construction: transforming the capital to preserve its life, driving its performance, selling 9.25 million square metres, an increase of 30.6 per cent over the same period, and land acquisition, a new acquisition of land in January-July of this year.
Figure 1: Change in operating income of a company in a single quarter (millions of yuan) Figure 2: Change in net profit from a company in a single quarter (billions) Figure 3: Māori rate of a company in a single quarter, change in net interest rate