The performance reported by the Central Report was in line with expectations, and business activity continued to release a Chinese building (601668) on a semi-annual basis. The Chinese building published its semi-annual report for 2017: $525.3 million in revenues in the first half of the year, an increase of 11.8 per cent; and belonging.
Net profits of shareholders in listed companies of $18.04 billion, an increase of 12 per cent over the same period, and eps of $0.57 per cent over the same period, an increase of 11.8 per cent.
In 2017, H1 had accumulated about 200 ppp projects with a total planned equity investment of about RMB 317 billion.
With the construction-led contract amounting to about $490 billion, the release will accelerate as the ppp accelerates its future landing. The effect of the company’s overseas distribution will be highlighted as a result of the cumulative $11.7 billion of new offshore orders in 2017 h1, an increase of 80.5% over the same period, and an increase of $37.2 billion over 17.7% over the same period.
New land reserves have grown significantly and continue to consolidate the industry \triangleright \triangleright \ 3x4 \ stock and shed conversion drive to monetize, and companies have further consolidated the industry position.
Refund sales and stronger financing capacity, with cumulative additional land reserves of 7.880,000 square metres in January-June, total corporate land reserves at the end of June amounted to 74.94 million square metres, an increase of 17.3 per cent over the same period. Corporate orders continued to grow, with sufficient quantities of work at hand, and three-wheel drive performances of “capital + national entrepreneurship reform”
China’s buildings (601668): Business viability continues to be released, ppp projects are implemented, and projects along the way are being implemented and reforms are being carried out less than expected.
3. China’s construction (601668) – accelerated beneficiary investment, 4. China’s construction (601668) – capital and real estate growth
Summary of company financial statement data projections Fan Jingsong, Bachelor of Science and Engineering in High Molecular Materials, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineers, Central University of Technology, Lille, France
The UDPS has successfully recommended Qi Fengteng Da, Jacques Technology, Daozhou Ming Ju, Zao Lis, Erk, Erkang, Nopshin, Bao Li, and Chinese authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the authors, seeking, through reasonable judgement and conclusion, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence.