Business dynamism continues to be released, performance is highly targeted, China Construction (601668) January-June Business Briefs Review > Newly signed single increases in 2017 h1 are far faster than expected, and business structures continue to optimize
In 2017 h1, the company accumulated $115.3 billion in newly signed construction contracts, an increase of 33.7 per cent over the same period, and $44.3 billion in June, an increase of 85.0 per cent over the same period. According to the branch of operations, a new contract of $82.34 billion, or 68.9 per cent, was signed for housing operations.
ppp continues to work along the way, orders and performance will accelerate the release of the order, liquidity tightening and further increasing concentration in the construction industry, and companies will have significant advantages in obtaining the ppp order: according to the public, the unit is moving at 300 depths.
The Department's major project announcements, which in 2017 amounted to 57.460 billion yuan for some of the major ppp projects announced in H1, and 26.26 billion yuan for new ppp projects signed in June, will accelerate the release of the ppp to accelerate future performance; and the cumulative new border of H1 in 2017.
The \triangleright land reserve totalled 74.94 million square metres, an increase of 17.3 per cent over the same period, further consolidating the company ' s position in the industry as a result of the drive to monetize stockpiles and sheds.
The profit forecast and investment proposal Corporate orders continue to grow, with a sufficient amount of work at hand, a “capital + one-way” and a “state-owned transformation” driver of 8 and 7 times, maintaining a “strongly recommended” rating.
1. In-depth research by China Construction (601668): ppp+ppp project implementation, implementation of a range of projects and reform of State enterprises were below expectations.
Construction in China (601668) — accelerated beneficiary investment, 3. Construction in China (601668) — Summary of data projections in corporate financial statements
Fan Jingsong, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials Science and Engineering, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineers, Central University of Technology, Lear, France, rubber, titanium powder, new materials, compost, civil explosives, etc.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,