The medical health research centres publish draft additions, and the business model is fully validated.
A second group of in vitro ophthalmology hospitals has been incorporated into listed companies, and growth paths continue to be validated.
The purchase of 30 ophthalmological medical institutions with a trade value of $1,870 million, of which $217 million was paid in cash and shares were issued in the 2019s.
2. Performance meets expectations and ophthalmology is steadily moving forward - the draft is accompanied by new disclosure of data on the operation and financial situation of the buying hospital, and the overall status of operations of the acquiring subject matter.
El ophthalmology semi-annual review, excellent. By September 2019, Tianjin had been looking at 26 hospitals, Oride optics, and ophthalmology, and half-yearly reports had met expectations and continued to show high performance.
Hospitals, Vanjurey, and Kairea's analogue combined profit rates were 11.27%, 33.2%, 4. "Sustained high performance, eye growth followed by gold" 14.79 times the annual dynamic pe, Oride's eyesight, ophthalmology hospital, Ere, Huanzhou, and Ere, Kaiju.
El ophthalmology's fast-track evaluation of its 2018 performance, which is expected to boost the growth of the company's performance by more than 80% of the target hospitals in 2019, with the expectation that it will be completed in 2020.
We expect that the purchase of the hospital will increase if it is completed by the end of March 2020 and the decision-making and approval procedures that are still to be fulfilled are not completed.
The business of the purchase price adjusts the profit forecast, and we'll follow up on the increase and update our judgment. I'm Autumn, the risk of medical accidents: the risk of delayed infusion by the M & A Foundation Hospital: the risk of loss of goodwill; and the construction of county hospitals.
Less than expected risk, etc. score, and then averaged the final rating as average market investment