1. Performance is expected to continue at a steady rate of growth in 2020, with the rate of hospital openings rising rapidly. 1. Performance is expected to continue at a steady rate of growth in 2020.
The company’s 19-year performance continued with a steady and steady increase in total market value/flow (millions of dollars), while the corporate brand continued to grow in influence and the eye-to-healthed ecosphere built steadily.
At the highest/minimum level of 12 months, operations have continued to grow in size and market access has continued to increase; on the other hand, the State has accelerated the arrival of such policies as the near-sighted prevention and control strategy and the prevention of blindness, as well as the growing awareness of the population about the health of its eyes.
El ophthalmology, 300015. 60% Hospital openings.
El ophthalmology (300015). Performance meets expectations, 2020: 484 in China, 86 in Europe, 12 in South-East Asia, 7 in Hong Kong, China, 1 in the United States; more than 5,000 professional ophthalmologists; consumer benefits, technological upgrading and continuous promotion
El ophthalmology (300015). The company's ophthalmological medical facilities are expected to resume a steady growth of speed and speed, and with the effective control of the epidemic, the ophthalmology hospitals are returning to work, according to the local hospitals.
As of February 29, about 287 of the approximately 484 health-care facilities (including hospitals, clinics, visual centres) in the El Né area had been opened. According to the results of the consultations, about 165 of them had been fully administered (about 65 in the body).
Of the 100 partners, 122 have only emergency care (about 43 in the body and 79 in the partner), approximately 60 per cent of the total number of clinics have been opened; among the hospitals that have been opened, the provincial capital + the local hospital accounts for the certificate code:
At the same time, it is expected that the overall increase in attendance will be gradual in a quarter, and that the recovery of company performance will require a process. The epidemic will not change the logic of the company’s core growth, and it will take a firm look at: 1) ophthalmological demand for medical care.
The demand for short-term repression is expected to increase after the outbreak, and the company is expected to continue to grow steadily throughout the year; 2) The epidemic has had a greater impact on the public hospital ophthalmology and small and medium-sized private ophthalmology hospitals, which are expected to start later than Earl, and new and old patients are expected to have cross-infection.
Worried, more inclined to opt for heat-free clinics, strict control measures in El, more favourable to the increase in the proportion of people in the public sector: 3) El has spared no effort in the fight against the epidemic (emphasis added), more favourable to the corporate brand image, which, from a financial point of view, will reduce El ' s access
Customer costs, ultimately reflected in improved performance; (4) Al adheres to the internationalization strategy, with companies abroad receiving around 15 per cent, plus 30 ophthalmological hospitals to be acquired in the company ' s previous proposed increase plan, and the February-June corporate social security premium and the implementation of the company ' s CPF policy, first half of the year ' s cost
The 30 ophthalmology hospitals announced for acquisition in January, mainly in the grass-roots areas of the three or four lines, such as Sinakawa, Sining, Smoking Station, Taming, Zhangjiang, Qing City, etc., are well-developed, are highly qualified in management, talent, slogans, technology, etc., and have some local visibility, which is beneficial to companies.
Quick national networking is taking place, increasing regional connectivity and increasing regional city-to-city coverage. The trading target forecast is a total of 128 million yuan in net profit returns in 2020, an increase of 30 per cent over the same period (assuming q2 together with a table). Qualitatively, a process is needed to anticipate an increase in passenger traffic after the opening of the clinic.
Profit projection and financial indicators: El ophthalmology Institute
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.