On 9 January, the company issued a draft bill for the purchase of days in the form of shares and cash payments.
100% interest in Tsin, 100% interest in Auride, 80% interest in Zhen City Eye Hospital, 90% interest in Ere, Huanzhou and 90% interest in Ere, Kaizhou, for a total of 30 ophthalmology hospitals with a total transaction value of $1.87 billion, of which the share is issued at $1.653 billion and the price is $27.78 per issue.
At the same time, it is proposed to raise up to 7.1 per cent of the capital from up to five specific investors.
Ning, Smoking Stations, Jade Forest, Zhangjiang, Xing City, etc., are well-developed, have significant strengths in management, talent, slogans, total equity/flow (millions of shares) technology, and have some visibility on the ground, helping companies to speed up the country.
Networking is taking place at a pace that enhances regional networking and raises regional city coverage. Of these, 26 ophthalmological hospitals in Tianjin have acquired industrial funds established with the participation of El ophthalmology, managing operating norms, maturity, and some of them achieved a profit balance or first profit in 2019.
El ophthalmology (300015) is a significant increase in profitability and is on a fast-growing scale; the population base is large, but resources for quality ophthalmology services are more limited than in the second-line cities, where hospitals dominate.
Al Ophthalmology (3000015) is a continuous increase in profitability, earning 40% of your annual income.
The construction of the Eye Health Ecoosphere - 2019/05/08 rate, the number of outpatient visits, the number of surgical operations etc. have also been rapidly and steadily increasing, and are expected to contribute well to the profitability of the Public Administration and to the organization of the grass-roots level.
The target for this transaction is expected to be a parent ' s total net profit of 128 million yuan in 2020, calculated on the basis of the projected net profit for the year as compared with the year of growth.
A further $467 million is to be used to replenish liquidity and is expected to complete the qualification code: The asset-liability ratio of the post-listed companies has decreased, the liquidity ratio and the speed ratio have increased.
There is an increase in solvency and a decrease in financial risk. After the expected completion of the transaction (without consideration of a set of financing), Mr. Chen Bong, the real controlr, held 53.61% of the company's shares, and the real controlr's position was less than 2.
At the end of August 19, the company introduced world-class war capital, Leather Massey, with a 1% shareholding: in December, the company completed an offer to acquire the Singapore Head Eye Group, icec, which together held 56.63% of its shares, contributing to the internationalization of Al Qaeda.
There are 11 clinics in Malaysia, Myanmar with state-of-the-art technology and facilities, full coverage, and a high international profile of founder teams in the fields of kryptonum, cataracts, epitomology, etc. All will further achieve global integration of clinical, scientific, human resources, complementarity of strengths, platforms, etc.
Sharing, enhancing international combined power and competitive advantage. El has become a home-grown 453 medical practitioners and 11 ophthalmology/vision centres in South-East Asia, covering an international ophthalmology collection of more than 2 billion people.
The growth of hospitals continues to be driven by consumption and technological upgrading, and the growth of mature hospitals is stable (about 20 per cent) + the growth of permanent hospitals is high, and the growth of corporate performance is expected to stabilize at around 30 per cent (changes in equity due to inward equity acquisitions, with net returns expected for 19-21 years, respectively)
El ophthalmological Institute, 9 North Street, north of Beijing City West Side.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.