Construction management features are significant, reits contribute to the logic of the valuation repair - China Handover (60180.0.sh) Dynamic Study  Transport class capital poles  and construction management platform features are significant
$1005522060002 huangjw@cfsc.com.cn is the world ' s leading mega-infrastructure integrated service provider and China ' s lead
In the first half of 2022, the company's capital construction business, the capital accounting business, the dredging business, the other operations received the same amount, the new contracts for the capital construction business, the new contracts for the dredging business, and the new contracts for the same.
The target is 109%, with robust performance growth far exceeding the growth in capital investment. Revenue generation of $5.01 million, with a per capita gain of $132,000, is the second highest in the eight major buildings.
• In terms of top-level design, submitted in 2022 for completion of a new round of " Pushing for Improvement " .
The three-year action plan for the quality of publicly listed companies and the three-year action plan for the integrated services of central enterprises are expected to promote a return to a reasonable valuation level.
In the same year, at the meeting of the heads of central enterprises, the National Investment Commission further refined the system of central business performance indicators as a “one-for-five-per-cent rate” and increased the cash-for-business ratio as a goal, thus contributing to the improvement of the cash-flow situation of the multinationals.
On 2nd of the day, the company launched the Plan for the Reorganisation of the Associated Companies in China (Revised), further advancing the dismantling of the Company’s Public Regulations, a Chamber of Deputies, and a Second Chamber. The company intends to make the new subjects of the Reorganization’s re-entry into the market.
(c) On 28 April 2022, the company launched the largest single highway public fund-raising project nationwide, raising a total of 9.4 billion US dollars.
In the first half of 2022, the return on corporate investment was substantial (33 projects in the first half of 2022 under the franchise category into the operating period and 22 other equity projects with a cumulative investment value of approximately 22.8 billion yuan, operating the company).
The potential for reitsification of the class assets is high.  The opening of a new “one-way” situation will bring significant benefits to the company. The return of Shai on 10 March is expected to accelerate the country's engagement with the countries along the “one-way” route.
Capital cooperation has opened up new opportunities for “one way” development; in 2022, approximately $21,6.8 billion was awarded for new contracts outside the Department, accounting for about 14 per cent of the company's new contracts, 14 per cent for overseas businesses in 2021, and overseas for eight major construction companies.
The company is expected to benefit fully from the new "one-way" development bureau, with projects that are less than expected, capital investments less than expected, orders, and construction materials.
Wong Joon-wei: B.A. in Civil Engineering and Master in Finance, University of Khatami. More than five years of research in building materials and three years of experience in building materials.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: the new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for agreement transfer targets) or a three-board market index (for market transfer targets); the Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index; and the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting professional consultants, as necessary, on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters.