Heung Swe Medicine (600276): Income growth slowed and overall innovation upgraded Medicine bio-dollars increased by 0.19% from year to year, corresponding to eps 0.66.
In terms of quarterly data, q3 battalions received $6.9 billion compared to q1, q2 billion and 6.4 billion base company basics (latest) at the same level, and the difference in speed was due mainly to the changes in base caused by last year’s epidemic.
As a result of the fall in sales revenues, companies have a larger volume of generic medicines, accounting for 50-60% of total revenues, and as the collection progresses towards normality, the growth of corporate incomes may continue to weigh.
The city and sales growth will gradually optimize the company’s product structure, and there are currently eight innovative drugs in the company, which are expected to grow rapidly with the continued expansion of the adaptive system.
During the reporting period, companies spent $4,142 million (+23.86 per cent) on research and development, representing a high proportion of sales income.
20.51%, of which the q3 quarter cost 1,561 million yuan. The company has a comprehensive layout in the areas of lung cancer, breast cancer, etc., to meet the full demand of patients by forming a multi-target product mix; in addition to the tumor, the company is freeing itself, metabolic diseases, pain, etc.
There are many other treatments in stock, including anti-infection. The process of internationalization is moving fast, with seven international multi-centre three-stage clinics under way, and Kareli Joll + Apadaloni on the first line to treat liver cancer is expected to be marketed next year.
The company has changed its clinical coro model overseas, and has gradually established its own team to feed products into overseas R & D. The company’s R & D costs are expected to continue to increase at a time when the R & D process continues to accelerate and internationalize.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.