On November 21, 2021, the Heung Swe Medicines announced an agreement with the Foundation Medicines industry to introduce resistance.
Ctla-4 monoclonal antibodies cs1002 are entitled to interest in the Greater China. Heung Swe medicine will pay the first 52 million yuan yuan in initial payments from the cornerstone pharmaceutical industry, totalling a milestone amounting to about 1.3 billion yuan, and a royalties fee of 10-16% of the net sales of the product in the year after it is marketed.
Ctla-4 is an oncological immunisation target with a wide adaptive potential, with only one drug currently available in the country.
The introduction of ctla-4 monochrome is a powerful addition to the tumor, especially looking forward to the future of the cs 1002 and Carrill Monopoly Federation 2.
The combination therapy can provide effective data on more adaptive conditions and benefit more patients. 3. Innovative Medicines Rapidly Growing, Research and Development is the fourth oncological drug that Hen Swe has introduced this year, showing that Hen Swe's medicine continues to grow in size and control.
In parallel with the investment in linear R & D, efforts have been stepped up in the collaborative introduction to watch Hing Swe’s medicine accelerate on the path of innovation. 4. Fluorine Pali has been approved, and research and development is progressing well -
In recent years, cooperation among domestic pharmaceutical companies has multiplied, and research and development capabilities and results of innovative pharmaceutical companies have gradually evolved towards high-quality development, along with the recent development of cde guidelines for clinical research and development on on oncological drugs, and the continued high-quality and normative development of innovative drug plates.
The medical innovation plate is expected to warm up gradually, looking at the innovation drug plate, especially investment in the head business Opportunities: 1 projected marginal warming of the health care policy trend in 2021, with the first signs of bird exchange; 2 Clinical research and development orientation, cde published Clinical Study on Clinical Values-Oriented Anticancer Medicines
Guiding Principles, we believe that it is good to have a head innovation firm;3 while producing an innovation drug out of the sea, taking into account the capitalization of corporate research and development, we maintain the company ' s revenue forecasts for 2021-2023, the risks of harvesting, the risks of developing an innovative drug, and the risks of internationalization.
▪ On November 21, 2021, Heung Swe medicine announced an agreement with the cornerstone medicine industry that Heung Swe medicine would pay up to a total of about RMB 1.3 billion in initial payments and milestones, as well as two-digit royalties for the annual net sales of the product after the product was marketed.
ctla-4 monoclonal antibodies cs1002 is the exclusive right to develop, register, produce and commercialize in the Greater China region, licensed for the treatment, diagnosis and prevention of all human and animal diseases.
10 million yuan for major clinical endpoints + 15 million yuan for each adaptive, and 5 per cent of the total net sales of the special size of the sale (totally up to Figure 2: Commercialization milestone payments)
cs1002 is an all-human antictla-4 monoclonal antibodies developed autonomously by the cornerstones industry, a single-resistant biosimilar product of epiwood, currently at the clinical development stage. In its early development, the cornerstones industry tested the cs1002 delivery programme at different doses.
The results of the la/lb study showed that the multiplicity of differences in their combined cs1003 (anti-pd-1) treatments showed good tolerance. And the failure of the anti-pd-1/pd-l1 treatment, the failure of the anti-pd-1/pd-l1 treatment for hepatocellular cancer and the unresistance
The microsatellite highly unstable (msi-h)/mistribution defects (dmmr) treated at pd-1/pd-l1 showed good anti-cancer activity and provided conceptual validation of the importance of cs 1002 as an oncological combination therapy.
ctla-4 is an oncological immunological target, with a wide adaptive potential, and a functioning mechanism, ctla-4 is similar to pd-1, and is also an immunosuppressant target. ctla-4 is expressed in terg
cd28 shares the b7 molecule formulations. Ctla-4 and b7 combines to suppress b7 and cd28, which interdicts t-cell activation. ctla-4 suppressants combine with ctla-4 and b7 to prevent their t-cell activation.
Chart 3: Ctla-4 functioning mechanism. The only product currently on the market is ctla-4, which is bms 's icywood unit, which was approved in China in June 2021 and officially listed in October 2021.
Vulieus uncombined, non-surgical, non-top-skinned membrane (mpm) adult patients with malignant membrane mesothelioma.
The causes of the disease are relatively clear, and asbestos is the main induction factor. The number of confirmed cases per year in China is about 3,000, accounting for one third of all new cases in Asia. Most patients are late at the time of diagnosis due to diagnostic difficulties.
The median life of the patient is only 12-14 months, with a 5-year survival rate of about 10%. The price of the lmino carbide against Chinese sales is 28,000/50 mg, the amount used to treat mesothelioma is 1 mg/kg, q6w, and the annual cost of treatment is calculated to be around 500,000 yuan.
The program is “1+3, which can be recycled until 24 months or disease progress”, the annual cost of treatment after assistance develops competitive patterns that currently have 27 ctla-4 products in the country that are entering the clinical stage.
There are also six ctla-4 dual resistance products, plus five biosimilar cla-4, after pd-1/pd-l1, the second successful screening site for immunosuppressants, which also has the potential to treat multiple tumours.
Leather cancer, adaptations in the state of ii or Nda, non-small cell lung cancer, small cell lung cancer, melanoma, cervical cancer, stomach cancer, gastrical tubes, liver cell cancer, etc. Aslikon announced its antictla-4 single anti-tremelimumab coalition in October 2021
Imfinzi (anti-pd-l1) vs. Polafini, iii on first-line treatment of terminal hepatocyte cancer, iii on joint Sindilli (anti-pd-1) vs. Polafini, ii on first-line treatment of late hepatocyte cancer, started in 2021.
The introduction of ctla-4 monochrome is a powerful addition to its oncological cords, and it is expected that the future co-therapy of cs 1002 and carrelei will produce more effective data on adaptive disorders and benefit more patients.
• This collaboration with the cornerstone was the License-in deal in the fourth oncology field of the year, the first three dealings with the introduction of pl3k from the industry, the Punabrin from Dalian Spring, and the large-scale cd20. As can be seen, the Heung Swe medicine, which used to be the absolute backbone of autonomous research and development, was not.
It is merely a gradual addition to its own pipeline research and development investment, and an increase in the introduction of cooperation, and it is becoming more open and flexible in form, keeping close to the international front, watching Heung Swe’s medicine on the path of innovation, on the other hand, and this trade is another typical of the strong association between domestic drug companies and domestic drug companies.
This type of collaboration between domestic pharmaceutical companies has multiplied in recent years. For example, the four collaborations that Hen Swe has had since this year have been with domestic pharmaceutical companies, such as Sindha and Xin Yuan medicine, the Assemblage pharmaceutical industry, and the Dynamics. We believe that the innovative drug research and development capabilities and the results of domestic pharmaceutical companies are moving towards higher quality.
With the recent "Clinical Values-Oriented Clinical Research and Development Guidelines for Anti-Cancer Medicines, " , we appreciate the high-quality, standardized and rapid development of the country’s innovation plate, which is expected to warm up gradually, especially the investment machines of the head enterprise.
In the field of clinical research and development orientation, cde publishes the Principles for the Guidance of Clinical Research and Development of Clinical Anticancer Medicines with Clinical Values, which we consider to be good for head-to-head innovation drug companies;3 and national production of innovative drugs for the future.
▪ Taking into account the capitalization of corporate R & D investments, we maintain the company’s revenue forecasts for 2021-2023, the accumulation of risks, the development of innovative medicines less than expected, and the internationalization process less than expected.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment