On December 3, 2021, the National Health Insurance Institute published the National Health Care Directory 2021.
Full result. Seven products of Heung Swe have been successfully negotiated, pd-1 has maintained the adaptive condition. pd-1 maintains the pre-adaptive condition and is expected to remain at the original price. The main object of the Carrill Monument of the Heung Sripd-1 product has been admitted to health care through last year's national talks, including second-line liver cell cancer, a line of non-small cells.
Lung cancer, first-line carcinoma, and Hodgkin's lymphoma. The new noses this year, both of which are not covered by health insurance, and the health insurance agreement period, are expected to continue along 1.
Using last year’s coverage of health care negotiations and the price of health insurance until the end of the 2022 agreement, 8 innovative medicines have been placed in the health care catalogue. Henry was approved for listing from 2019 to 2021.
The three innovative products, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs, thugs, and thugs, all negotiated for entry into the health-care catalogue through this year's Medical Insurance-Hinry Medicine tri-quarter review. Apateni's new second-line hepatocyte cancer adaptive treatment was also approved this year.
3. More Research and Development: The process of internationalization has been stepped up and negotiated for inclusion in the health-care catalogue.
In addition, the Azi Shatan, the country’s first counterfeit drug, has been negotiated into the health insurance catalogue.
5. Fluorine Pally was approved, research and development is progressing well - Innovative medicines are about to be released in full, contributing significantly to the growth of harvests. Heung Swe’s share of innovative pharmaceutical products is higher than that of the city, and it is expected that innovative pharmaceutical products will soon be released in full and will contribute significantly to Heung Sil’s growth.
The price of health insurance negotiations falls short of the expected risk, the price of health insurance falls below the expected risk, competition in the market exacerbates the risk, the research and development of innovative medicines falls short of the expected risk, the internationalization process falls short of the expected risk, imitation of the relevant report rating ratio analysis in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment