Xinhua Insurance (601336) In-depth report Company In-depth report  Insurance industry has achieved remarkable transformations and structural optimization has led to higher valuations.
• A strong transition path, with remarkable results. From 2016 to 2017, Xinhua Insurance was a strong transformation path, focusing on the development phase, with a significant reduction in the roll-over, and, despite the pressure on premium revenues, the transition was made to optimize the channel + term + product structure of the company, relying on the renewal premium to boost operations.
Long-term development models have largely evolved. The share of premiums from individual insurance channels has been rising steadily, with insurance channels generating $71,328 million or 79.39 per cent of total premium revenue as at the end of September 2017.
□ Development of long-term health insurance and the development of a large-scale health industry. Xinhua Insurance maintains a development strategy that focuses on the development and marketing of guaranteed, high-value products such as old-age pensions, health insurance, medical insurance, and corporate development strategies.
In addition, Xinhua Insurance has been active in setting up large, healthy industries and promoting the integration of insurance and health industries. □ Investment proposal: based on the steady growth of Xinhua Insurance in 2018 after its transformation into a period of steady growth.
Ping, we “recommend” to Xinhua Insurance. 1 General: Deep Farm Life Insurance, Transition Development, Xinhua Life Insurance Co. Ltd. (“Xinhua Insurance”) was established in September 1996 and is based in Xinhua Insurance.
In Beijing, as a large national life insurance enterprise, the company has established a network of institutions and diversified distribution channels that cover almost all provinces, cities, autonomous regions, and currently has over 1,700 branches at all levels of the country. After several changes in equity, the central remittance became the company ' s first shareholder in 2009 and now the central transfer.
The company is still the first major shareholder (31.34 per cent) and the company ' s second largest shareholder (13.59 per cent) in the Iron and Steel Group. In 2011, the company was the first insurance company to be listed simultaneously in Hong Kong and Shanghai.
Since 2011, Xinhua Insurance has been based on values and returns, focusing on life insurance, concentrating resources on life insurance. In 2015, the company began to explore in depth its transformational development, proposing “a significant reduction in the size of the trade, and an increase in the development of the transaction, especially the long-term one, and a commitment to build a renewal business to boost growth.
In 2016, the company developed its own development plan around the objectives of the 13th Five-Year Plan.
The Xinhua family, the search, the gardeners.
CENTRAL RESOURCE FACILITY FACILITY BETWEEN JIM
a+h same (North step on the market)
The Xinhua Consort has an asset management platform such as Xinhua and Xinhua (Hong Kong) to manage and operate investments in premium revenues.
Since 2011, the company has been involved in the investment of old-age communities. In 2012, the Xinhua Home based Seniors (Beijing) Corporation Limited (now known as the Xinhua Old-Age Service) was established. The Xinhua Old-Age Service is responsible for managing all the old-age settlements that Xinhua Insurance has invested in in the country.
The health management investment platform for insurance companies, which has been approved by the Health Insurance Commission, has now opened health management centres in 16 provinces and cities, and the company’s health and old-age partnerships have largely developed. Based on our vast pension market, the company also established its seventh professional old-age insurance company in 2016.
— Xinhua Pension Insurance, which seeks to provide comprehensive pension solutions for clients. 2 Transition: duration + channel + product structure optimization 2.1 has been reduced through pain insurance, with a pattern of renewal
Since 2012, insurance sector policies have become more frequent, ranging from expanding investment at the investment end to innovative product types, with a relaxed environment and a rapid expansion of the insurance sector. The size of financially sound products, such as all-embracing and co-insurance, has significantly increased overall insurance revenues in the industry, with premiums rising rapidly from year to year, with small and medium-sized insurance companies running fast.
And Xinhua Insurance began to explore the path of transformation and development in 2015, while corporate premiums began to decline, rising by 1.81% in 2015 compared to the rate of insurance, and it was firmly on the path of transformation, with a focus on the development phase, a sharp reduction in the delivery of business, and a significant pressure on premium revenues.
Figure 4 Corporate premium revenues and market shares Chart 5 Industry versus corporate premium revenues increased at a similar rate, and based on the company ' s transformational development objectives, Xinhua insurance has been significantly reduced since 2016 to deliver products and collect premiums
The share of revenue has fallen sharply, with contributions in the first half of 2017 accounting for less than 5 per cent of total premiums. And, while the decline in total premiums due to the reduction in the scale of products paid, companies ' first-year and renewal premiums have been growing steadily since 2015, with premiums expected to be paid in the first half of the year 2017 and renewals expected to be paid in the first half of the year.
And the data for 2017h1 show that the median contribution revenue for the first year was 87 per cent, with ten and more years of contribution income rising to a new high of 57 per cent in recent years, and a renewal of 69 per cent of total contribution income, with companies relying on the renewal premium to boost business growth patterns.
Chart 6 shows a steady increase (millions of dollars) in premiums paid in the first year and renewal. Chart 7 shows a significant decrease in revenue from premiums received by companies 2.2 in the direction of regulation and the development of long-term health insurance.
There has been a certain decline in health insurance premiums, which has been accompanied by regulatory emphasis on the return of the industry to its source and the strengthening of safeguards, and some insurance companies have begun to reduce significantly their financial short-lived health insurance coverage.
Current state of care or incapacity is conditioned”, which means that the regulatory layer is to strip away the business health risk investment attributes from the attitude of home-grown development. In November 2017, IMSS issued Health Insurance Management Schemes (Advancement Drafts), which is the insurance policy of IMSS itself.
For the first time since 2006, changes have been made in the management of health insurance. The drafts regulate health insurance operators, setting out the range of short-term health insurance premiums to avoid malignant competition in the industry; lengthening long-term health insurance products and giving more security to insured persons; and reducing differences in health insurance products and services and insurance policies.
In addition, the Healthy China 2030 plan proposes that the health services sector should be more than 8 trillion yuan by 2020.
By 2030, it will reach $16 trillion. The future of commercial health insurance is broad and is expected to become the third pillar of the insurance industry after the birth and life insurance.
(1) In addition to health insurance companies, insurance companies shall establish a special health insurance department; (2) long-term health insurance products shall be subject to contractual hesitation and long-term health insurance
(c) Short-term personal health insurance products may be subject to rate fluctuations, which may not exceed 30 per cent of the base rate;
(4) Health insurance products are required to provide health-care support services, but health management services are provided at a cost not to exceed 20 per cent of the net premium. Xinhua Insurance maintains a development strategy of “life insurance at its core and security at its core” to provide life for the public at large.
In terms of long-term health insurance, the public health insurance premium income has increased exponentially in recent years, reaching $16.602 billion for just 2017h1.
In spite of the regulatory policy, there was a decline in industrial health insurance premiums in 2017 and a 2.45 percentage point to 15.73 per cent reduction in personal insurance coverage compared to 2016, but the share of Xinhua health insurance premiums in total premiums has been rising in recent years as a result of firm corporate shifts.
The proportion of 2017h1 has reached 27%, well above the industry average, which also reflects the company’s strategic orientation towards long-term health risks. Given the convergence of corporate transformations with regulatory requirements, there is now an advantage for products centred on health risks.
Among them, the “Multiple Insurance” and the “Healthy Care” series are popular, and are among the leading products in the market for a large number of serious health risks. Health care and multiple insurance are serious health risks, which include health insurance, and hospital and outpatient insurance in health insurance, which are sold as additional insurance.
The current Xinhua Health Insurance Development Strategy promotes the main risk to increase the additional risk. The company’s management also said on Open Day that the company would not develop more major insurance in 2018, but rather would focus on enriching the additional risk categories.
If 10% of clients buy extra insurance, assuming that everyone buys $1,000 extra insurance, there's a lot of room for premium growth. Moreover, the high rate of settlement of additional insurance insurance has helped Xinhua to create corporate reputations through a settlement formula.
The ratio of annual health insurance premiums will increase further. Due to weak cooperation between insurance companies and medical institutions, the lack of medical data, and the inability of insurance companies to effectively control the risk of health insurance diseases, health insurance is currently facing a high cost of compensation at the same time as it is developing rapidly.
This insurance company is afraid to design health-risk products for a large number of people, and this is why we currently have a single form of commercial health insurance. And managed health insurance may be one way to break through this bottleneck, and “insurance product plus health services” is the future direction of commercial health insurance.
Xinhua Insurance now has health management centres in many parts of the country, rehabilitation hospitals and high-end nursing homes in Beijing, and investment in old-age communities in Beijing Yingqing and Hainan.
2.3 Channels are optimized, agents are upgraded, and since the company's transformation, there has been a significant reduction in the size of the products that are being handed over, due to the larger share of the products that are being handed over through silver insurance.
As a result, there has been a sharp decline in the company’s premium collection since 2016, as the income from the premium payments has declined. The company’s silver cover, which focuses on annuity and health insurance, has kept the revenue from the company’s first annual premium, which has been growing steadily since the end of the third quarter of 2017.
Contribution income of $6.014 billion, exceeding the level of the entire year 2016, is specified in MSPR 134, which specifies that the first life insurance payment shall be made five years after the date of entry into force of the policy and not more than 20 per cent of the insurance contribution paid annually or in part; and provides for insurance coverage.
Insurance companies are not allowed to design all-embracing or co-insurable products in the form of additional insurance.
By October 2017, part of the industry's gold products had been updated. In response to issue No. 134, Xinhua Insurance also introduced a new silver-insurance channel, and a traditional, life-long pension product, which is a "beautiful life" and sells the main insurance instead of the additional insurance.
Two full-time insurance contracts / “Fuish life pension insurance” payments, survival insurance payments are automatically converted to “Tianna annuity insurance (Multi-Employable) contracts” premiums.
• Duration of insurance: 15, 20 years
• The insured age: 30 days;
• Care benefits: from the end of the fifth year, one-time care payments — from the end of the fifth year, from the end of the second year, from the end of the second year, from the end of the second year, from the end of the second year, from the end of the second year, from the end of the second year, from the end of the second year, from the end of the second year, from the end of the second year, from the end of the second year, from the end of the second year, from the end of the second year, from the end of the second year, from the end of the second year, from the end of the second year, from the end of the second year.
One-time care payments • survival payments: end of the fifth year • survival benefits: end of the sixth year, end of the year
• Personal insurance: premiums paid on the basis of actual contributions and cash value • Air accidents, public transport workers
Unforeseen and common home or body • Unforeseen injury to the insured person or the company's contribution to the insurance system has been steadily rising, with 65.27 per cent of the income to the insurance channel in 2016.
By the end of September 2017, insurance revenues from one insurance channel amounted to $71,328 million, representing 79.39 per cent of total insurance revenue.
The increase in the share of insurance premiums in companies’ individual insurance channels is due to an increase in the number and quality of corporate agents. In 2015, the size of corporate insurance agents rose significantly by 46 to 300,000, and companies will focus from 2016 onwards.
The expansion of the number of agents has shifted to improving the quality of the sales team, working to create a “three-high” sales team (high performance, high productivity, high retention rate). Although the growth in the size of the workforce declined in 2016, companies insisted on improving the quality of the sales team in 2016, with modest growth in the size of the workforce, the performance rate remained at 50 per cent.
The above, and with a further increase in per capita output, average monthly combined per capita capacity in the first half of 2017 was higher than that of the industry, with the risk agent’s kpi indicators ranking in the top of the industry. The data show a 13-month retention rate of 35 per cent, slightly higher than the industry’s average, but still lower.
In December 2017, the President of the Board of Directors of the Open Day of the Company indicated that the company would invest more manpower in 2018 to expand its workforce on the basis of maintaining a three-tier sales base, with a projected 450,000 people in the company ' s size by the end of 2018.
Growth of 36% over 2017. Based on performance = human* performance* per capita capacity, while both performance and per capita capacity remain high, an increase in human capacity of scale will contribute to the growth of corporate performance.
New business values have grown significantly since the transition, with corporate overall premium revenues stagnating, with new business values growing by 36 per cent in 2016 compared to 2015 and a new business value of $7,153 million in the first half of 2017.
Silver insurance channels are more than five times higher, while new business values for long-term guaranteed products under one insurance channel are as high as 86.40%. So, with the company’s premium ratio rising and the income ratio for long-term guaranteed products rising, the company as a whole’s new business value rose rapidly, from 2017h1 to 40%, surpassing China’s peace and security policy.
The relative level of national protection further suggests that corporate transformation has indeed yielded much more success. The new value of companies’ business in figure 18 and the same rate of increase in value have been driven by the expected returns on the adjusted net asset value and the effective value of their business, respectively.
For Xinhua Insurance, the value of an effective business has increased at a risk discount rate of 11.5%, while the return on investment in a net asset is around 5%. With the growth in the value of a new business, the company’s inner value has remained high.
Since 2015, there has been a steady increase in the value/value-in-value ratio of the four major risk firms, which indicates that the growth of the value-in-risk companies has been driven by the growth of the external (new) business, and that the listed risk-in-risk companies are still growing rapidly. For Xinhua Insurance, the current value-in-value ratio of the new business-in-value to the peace and security of the insurance industry is increasing.
There's still a gap, and there's plenty of room for companies to grow in the future.
3. Investment: The gross proceeds were led by a relatively robust style, a concussion in 2017, and the blues were bright, while the insurance funds were invested mainly in the stock selection, benefiting from market performance. The interest rates of the country’s debt remained high, based on the fixed earnings of the insurance funds.
Some \frac{3}} {4} takes into account holding to maturity, so stock assets are less hit by interest rates up, while incremental asset investment returns benefit from interest rates up. Thus, the average rate of return on the use of funds in the insurance sector was small in 2017.
As a result, the company’s total investment rate remains at the top of the top of the four listed risks. In addition, benefiting from the three seasons, the city will continue to move on as a shock, combined with interest rates remaining high, and the projected Xinhua total investment in 2018.
Figure 25 IV Changes in the net return on investment of major risk enterprises since 2012 has led to a steady decline in the ratio of bank deposits and other investments in the allocation of assets in the industry.
The share of bond investment, which is the main allocation of venture capital, has risen somewhat. The share of bond-based investment in Xinhua Insurance has increased in recent years, reaching 67.9% in the first half of 2017.
There is also a modest shift in stock and fund allocation in equity investments towards non-valued products such as equity schemes, private equity, equity schemes, unmarketed equity, etc.
In fact, non-target products have been an important investment in corporate asset allocation, and by the end of June 2017 Xinhua had invested $23.702 billion in non-target assets, representing 33.7% of total investment assets, up from the end of the previous year.
With a 0.5 percentage point increase. And based on prudent and prudent investment principles, companies have a higher rating of credit for non-target assets, excluding commercial banks for property and equity-type financial products that do not require external rating, and companies currently have a 94.95% ratio of non-target assets at the aaaa level, with little overall credit risk and high security.
4.1 High interest rate shocks contributing to net profit growth