Nationally produced silicon head, Southwest Securities Research and Development Center, silicon head, top-of-the-stock structure. The silicon industry is limited by the national conglomerates, the Industrial Investment Fund, and the Kaiser.
As a semiconductor silicon material industry group, the company has completed its control of new Shanghai, kmetic, and new technology. The parent company is responsible for strategic planning and subsidiary management of the business development show, while the products of the three subsidiaries are cross-cutting and complementary.
The company’s main product types include 300 mm polished and extrapolated blades, 200 mm and less, extrapolated and soi silicon tablets. It has become a supplier to several mainstream semiconductor enterprises, including Grovender, China Chole International, Hualong, Wally.
The microchip manufacturing companies, such as the logo electrons, the Hua-yun electrons, Engjio, the Yifa semiconductor, are located in North America, Europe, China, other Asian countries or regions. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
mature products. In 300 mm semiconductor silicone, the company is a newcomer to the industry, and the technology is at the forefront of the country. In 2018, the subsidiary achieved a 300 mm semiconductor silicon silicon scale, the main indicator (2018).
Production, which fills a gap in the industrialization of 300 mm semiconductor silicon tablets on mainland China, is currently at a market opening stage, which significantly widens the scope of silicon applications and diversifys them gradually. The technological level of companies and their technological and innovation capabilities are domestic leaders, and companies and holding companies have 300 patents, of which 300 are mandated.
China mainland 105, Taiwan region of China 195, and abroad; companies and controlled subsidiaries have 273 patented inventions, forming a core intellectual property system represented by single crystal growth, polishing, growth, soi technology, pollution control, surface levelling, defect control, and thermal treatment systems.
The market's most dominant product is now 300 mm silicon and 200 mm silicon. The limited production of silicon is the first to scale 300 mm semiconductor silicon in mainland China, pushing the country's half-guided silicon.
China’s chip manufacturing capacity is increasing at a higher rate than the world’s, and the demand for semiconductor silicons will continue to grow as chip manufacturing capacity grows. Semiconductor products are widely used in mobile communications, computers, auto electrons, medical electronics, industrial electronics, artificial intelligence, military engineering, etc.
Over the past 30 years, the concentration of the semiconductor silicon sector has continued to rise, owing to the technical difficulties of the semiconductor silicon sector, the long research and development cycle, and the large financial input. The global semiconductor silicon market has been monopolized by foreign leaders, and the top five semiconductor silicon companies are foreign firms.
In China, semiconductor silicone companies have weak technology, with most producing up to 200 mm silicon. The Silicon Industries Group is the first company in mainland China to achieve a 300 mm silicon semiconductor silicon scale sale and has a special silicon silicon silicon field.
The semiconductor silicon industry combines technology-intensive, capital-intensive and talent-intensive features. Industry leaders, through years of technological build-up and scale effects, have established higher industries. Sales forecasts differ from actual sales values; and the visibility and recognition of national product plates is low.
The silicon industry was established in December 2015, mainly in the development, production and marketing of semiconductor silicon tablets, one of the largest semiconductor silicon-manufacturing enterprises in China's Great Land and China's first 300-mm semiconductor silicon silicon-scale sale in mainland China.
Since its establishment, the Silicon Industries Group has broken through a number of key core technologies in the field of semiconductor silicone manufacturing, breaking the near-zero rate of domestic production of 300 mm semiconductor silicon. The semiconductor silicon is a critical, basic raw material for integrated circuits and other semiconductor products, currently manufactured in more than 90% of semiconductor products using silicon-based materials.
1.1 Strategic acquisition of holdings and improvement of layouts. On November 26, 2015, the silicon industry was limited by the national conglomerates, industrial investment funds, the Cars Development Group, Wuyu Peaks, etc.
As a semiconductor silicon material industry group, the silicon industry began to acquire or invest in new technologies, new technologies, kmetic, soitec in Shanghai. As of July 2016, it had completed controlling stocks of new and kmetic in Shanghai and became the first major shareholder in new technology.
Figure 1: Corporate history: 1.2 subsidiaries cross-complementing, grouping silicon product lines Silicon industry groups are holding companies, strategic planning for business development and management of subsidiaries, excluded from their holding subsidiaries
There is no real business outside Shanghai, without new technology and kmetic, and there are cross-cutting and complementary products among the three subsidiaries, which together form the rich semiconductor silicon product lines of the Silicon Industries Group. Okmetic, a company-owned subsidiary, is mainly produced in Europe, and its controlling subsidiary, Sinoe, is based in mainland China, and its companies are in Europe,
In 2018, 34.8% of corporate sales revenue came from North America, 29.7% from Europe, 19.1% from China, and 16.4% from other countries or regions of Asia. Shanghai Xinjiang was founded in June 2014, with the main 300mm semiconductor projectors, extrapolations, leading China.
The new technology was set up in 2001 and is based on 200 or less semiconductors, soi silicon, with 20 years of industry experience, and is the first firm in mainland China to industrialize soi silicon, its high-end silicon material development and industrialization.
Founded in May 1985 as a public department co-financed by the unokumpuoy and yonokiaab, based in Vantaa, Helsinki, Finland, with 200 mm semiconductor polishers, soi silicon tablets, and less than 30 pieces of silicon.
Research and development, production and marketing of the annual semiconductor silicon.
The company’s main product type covers 300 mm polish and extrapolation tablets, 200 mm and less, extrapolated and soi silicon chips. It is now a supplier to a number of mainstream semiconductor enterprises, including Grovend, China Cholestery International, China Rainbow, China Microelectronics, China Yue Electronics, Eng Ji Pu, Yifa Semiconductor, etc., and is located in North America, Europe, China and China.
The company ' s 200mm and less semiconductor silicons are advanced and mature products, focusing on high-end market segmenting applications such as radio frequency chips, analog chip, advanced sensors, automobile electron.
The company’s subsidiary, Okmetic, and New Proud Technology, has been in a deep and stable relationship with a number of clients for more than a decade. Especially in soi silicon, the company has advanced simox, bonding, simbond, smartcuttm, etc.
Soi silicone manufacturing technology, which can provide various types of soi silicone products. Of these, smartcuttm technology is one of the most advanced film soi silicone production processes in the world, and is a patent technology unique to soitec. Soitec has authorized three companies to use the technology globally, namely, the new technology, the meridian chemistry, the global crystal circle.
In the area of production of 300 mm semiconductor silicon tablets, companies are new entrants to the industry, and the technology has already reached the national lead. The new subsidiary Shanghai has been building since 2014 and successfully pulled its first 300mm silicon in October 2016.
In 2017, 300 mm semiconductor silicone-wide process was introduced, and in 2018 the production of 300 mm semiconductor silicon was completed on a scale that filled the void in the industrialization of 300 mm semiconductor silicon in mainland China and is currently in the market opening phase. The company’s technological level and technological innovation capabilities are at the forefront of the country, with companies and controlling subsidiaries holding mandated patents of 300.
Items, including 105 from mainland China, 195 from Taiwan, China, and 195 from abroad; companies and controlled subsidiaries have been mandated to create 273 patents, creating a core intellectual property system represented by single crystal growth, polishing, growth, soi technology, pollution control, surface levelling, fault control, and thermal treatment systems. As of 31 March 2019, corporate technology research and development
368 personnel, forming an international technology research and development team centred on Dr. Li, Dr. Wangqingyu and Dr. Athehaapalinna.2 Funding continued to flourish and performance increased year by year
2.1 In terms of growing revenues and growing expansion, the company is a small group of semiconductor silicon enterprises in China with a certain degree of international competitiveness, with products obtained from a large number of domestic and foreign customers. In 2016, the company acquired kmetic and Shanghai Shinjiang, and the kmetic gradually expanded its capacity and increased its output.
Shanghai’s new production was scaled up in 2018, and the products in question have increased their operating income through the recognition and bulk marketing of China-King International and Valuable Microelectronics. Thanks to high corporate R&D inputs, and 300 mm semiconductor silicon tablets are located in the production slope phase, where revenues have grown steadily, but net return profits have fluctuated considerably.
The company’s main business consists mainly of research and development, production and marketing of semiconductor silicon. The company’s operating income is mainly derived from the company’s main business, which accounted for 100%, 99.9%, 99.8%, respectively, of the business income during the reporting period.
The income from sales of both types of products increases from year to year with 200 mm and less semiconductor silicon (including soi silicon) and 300 mm semiconductor silicon. With the introduction of 300 mm semiconductor silicon process in 2017 in Shanghai and the achievement of 100,000 cards per month of capacity in November 2018, the income from product sales is also increasing year to year.
The company ' s revenues come mainly from Asia, North America and Europe, and the major international chip manufacturing enterprises are located in each of these three regions, and the company ' s main subsidiaries, Okmetic and Shinjie Shanghai, are located in Finland and China, respectively, so that its sales in each region are averaged. From 2016 to 2018, sales in China accounted for 9.1 per cent, 11.2 per cent, and 19.1 per cent, respectively.
The increase from year to year is mainly due to the presence of more domestic customers in Shanghai and the increase in production and sales and sales earnings. 2.2 Profits rise, with significant profits of 200 mm of semiconductor silicon in 2018 and 300 mm of semiconductor silicon production, respectively.
The company has a mature and well-developed production and marketing system for 200 mm and less of semiconductor silicon (including soi silicon) and has a long-standing and stable partnership with a number of global chip manufacturing enterprises.
Currently, the global market for 300 mm semiconductor silicon tablets is dominated by the top five semiconductor silicon companies around the world, and chip manufacturing companies have been working together with these silicon companies for many years.
At zero%, the company, as a newcomer to the 300mm semiconductor silicon market, is still in the process of product certification and market opening, so there is a certain volatility in the 300mm silicon capacity utilization and sales rate. With the growing size of the company’s production and the continued upturn in industry, the company’s main business is Māori year after year.
From 2016 to 2018, Māori, the company’s main business was 400 million yuan, 160 million yuan and 220 million yuan, respectively, silicon with soi silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon san.
As a result, while operating income has increased, business costs are higher than operating income. 2.3 Clients are stable, with sustained expansion of leading technical skills and excellent quality assurance capabilities that create a good brand image and reputation for the company in the business, and
In 2016, 2017, 2018, and the first quarter of 2019, the company sold more than 50% of its total sales to individual customers or relied heavily on a small number of customers. With the exception of Yangjiang storage, Wuhan's new core, the top five customers have no related relationship with the company.
2.4 The focus on R & D, the strategic layout The growth of sales revenues has been increasing year by year, and the overall cost as a share of operating income has continued to decline over the period.
The company’s R & D costs consist mainly of the cost of producing materials, employee remuneration, depreciation amortization costs, and energy costs. After the acquisition of the Shanghai silicon semiconductor in July 2016, large-scale R & D investments continued to be made in the production of 300 mm semiconductor silicon tablets, resulting in higher R & D costs in 2017 than in 2016 and higher than in the previous year.
The production of 300 mm semiconductor silicone silicon was scaled up, with R & D costs falling slightly from 2017.Figure 17: R & D costs in 2018 make up 3 China’s manufacturing of semiconductor silicon silicon silicon with a sharp increase in demand when it is right.
Semiconductors are materials whose conductivity is between the insulation and the conductor at constant temperature. Common semiconductors include elements such as silicon, thorium, and compounds such as arsenic and nitride. Semiconductors are at the heart of electronics, the cornerstone of the information industry, and are known as the “food” of modern industry.
The semiconductor industry is characterized by technical difficulties, large investments, long industrial chains, a variety of products, fast replacements, a wide range of downstream applications, and a vertical division of industrial chains. The semiconductor manufacturing chain consists of design, manufacturing, and sealing testing, and semiconductor materials and equipment are supported by chip manufacturing, sealing, and semiconductor products are widely used for migration.
The company is mainly engaged in the development, production, and marketing of semiconductor silicon tablets, one of China’s largest semiconductor silicon-making enterprises, and is the first firm in mainland China to achieve a 300-mm semiconductor silicon-scale sale.
The higher the demand for semiconductor silicon production technology, equipment, materials, and processes, the company has broken through a number of key core technologies in the field of semiconductor silicone manufacturing, and has advanced the process of “autonomous control” of our semiconductor key material production technology. The downstream customers of semiconductor silicone are chip manufacturing enterprises, including large integrated crystal-drying industries and dedicated to storage.
The end applications of semiconductor silicons cover smart phones, portable equipment, object networks, auto electrons, artificial intelligence, industrial electronics, military, aerospace, etc. The emerging end markets will continue to emerge as science and technology evolves.
The chip manufacturing capacity is the most direct indicator of the need for semiconductor silicon. Between 2017 and 2019, global chip manufacturing capacity (200mm converted) is expected to grow from 1985 to 21.36 million chips per month, with annual composite growth rates, as China’s continental chip manufacturing companies, such as China Cube International, Hua Li Wei electro, Yang River storage, Hualong, continue to expand.
The demand for semiconductor silicon chips will continue to grow as chip manufacturing capacity grows. Currently, the 300-mm chip manufacturing capacity of mainland Chinese enterprises is less than 200-mm chip manufacturing capacity.
In the same process, 300 mm semiconductor silicon silicon with more than two times the size of 200 mm silicon silicon, and the availability rate (indicating the number of chips per unit crystal) is estimated to be more than 200 mm by 2020.
The semiconductor silicon sizes are 50 mm (2 inches), 75 mm (3 inches), 100 mm (4 inches), 150 mm (6 inches), 200 mm (8 inches) and 300 mm (12 inches). Follow Moore's law, followed.
The process is shrinking, and the chip manufacturing process is becoming less tolerant about the density and size of the silicon. For semiconductor silicon silicon, there is a need for stricter control over technical indicators such as the microcosm of the silicon surface, silicon crystal defects, metal impurities, crystal defects, surface particle size and quantity, which will have a direct impact on the production rate of semiconductor products.
As the semiconductor system is shrinking, the process of chip production is becoming more complex, production costs are increasing, and cost factors are driving silicon towards a large size. Under the Moor's law, semiconductor silicon is moving towards a large size. The most dominant products in the global semiconductor silicon market are 300 mm silicon and 200 mm silicon, 2018.
The combined ratio of two dimensions of silicon is close to 90%.Gartner predicts that between 2016 and 2022, globally 20 nm and below are expected to be 12%, 32/28 nm to 90 nm at 41%, and 0.13 m and above at 47%.
90 nm and below are based mainly on 300 mm semiconductor silicon, and more than 90 nm mainly on 200 mm or less. The company currently produces 300 mm semiconductor silicon products that can be used as a minimum to manufacture semiconductor chips for 40-28nm or more, and the company is developing 300 mm semiconductor silicon tablets that can be used for 20-14nm.
The bigger the inch, the more demanding the technology and equipment, the more difficult the production process can be with each advanced generation of semiconductor silicone. Thus, 300 mm will remain the dominant species of semiconductor silicone in the next few years.
The bigger the inch, the more chips are made on a single silicon, the lower the cost of a single chip. At the same time, building a rectangular chip on a circular silicon will render some areas of the edge of the silicon unusable and will inevitably waste some of the silicon. The larger the silicon, the smaller the loss of the edge of the silicon, the smaller the relative loss of the chip, will help to further reduce the cost of the chip.
Currently, the global market is dominated by 200 mm, 300 mm diameter semiconductor silicon tablets, and the downstream chip manufacturing industry's equipment investments match the 200 mm and 300 mm specifications. The demand for semiconductor silicons remains. With applications such as auto electrons, industrial electronics, etc., the demand for 200 mm semiconductor siliconsates is on the rise, mainly.
Terminal applications are mainly mobile communications, auto electronics, object networking, industrial electronics, etc. At present, 300 mm semiconductor silicon processor arrays and asic (specially integrated circuits) are used primarily in higher-end areas such as smartphones, computers, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, ssd (sold-state hard disks).
Semiconductor manufacturing materials consist mainly of silicon tablets, electronic gases, photo masks, photo-coated chemicals, polished materials, photo-coated glues, wet-style chemicals and sprayed target materials. Semi predicts sales of silicon tablets, electronic gases, photo masks, photo-coated chemicals in 2018 at US$ 11.11 billion, US$ 4.3 billion, US$ 4.07 billion, US$ 2.32 billion.
The semiconductor silicon tablets account for the highest proportion of core materials manufactured for semiconductors. The semiconductor industry can be divided into integrated circuits, optical electronics, separation devices and sensors by product category.
Global sales of integrated circuits, optical electronic devices, separation devices and sensors amounted to $39.329 billion, $38.3 billion, $24.1 billion and $13.36 billion, respectively. This represents an increase of 14.6 per cent, 9.3 per cent, 11.3 per cent and 6.2 per cent, respectively, compared to 2017.
Figure 28: Trends in global semiconductor silicon prices as a result of the close link between the semiconductor sector and the global macroeconomic situation, the global semiconductor silicon sector was economically exposed in 2009
The impact of the crisis has been relatively low, both in terms of volume and sales; the silicon sector rebounded significantly in 2010 as smartphones were released. From 2011 to 2016, the global economy recovered but remained relatively low, with the silicon sector rising at a low rate.
Solid-state hard drives, industrial electronics markets have continued to grow, and new applications such as artificial intelligence, block chains, object networking and auto electronics have grown globally from $7.21 billion to $11.4 billion in sales of semiconductor silicon, with an average annual compound growth rate of 25.8 per cent, and the trend in semiconductor silicon markets on mainland China was consistent with the global semiconductor silicon market from 2008 to 2013.
From 2014 onwards, the semiconductor silicon market in mainland China entered a leap forward as Chinese semiconductor manufacturing lines became operational, and Chinese semiconductor manufacturing technology progressed rapidly with China ' s semiconductor end product market. From 2016 to 2018, sales of semiconductor silicon in mainland China rose from $500 million to $0.99 billion, with a high annual compound growth rate.
Amounted to 41.2 per cent, well above the average annual composite growth rate of 25.8 per cent of the global semiconductor silicon tablets during the same period, and China, as the world ' s largest semiconductor product end market, is expected to continue to grow at a higher rate than the global market in the future as China ' s chip manufacturing capacity continues to expand.
The semiconductor silicon is made as a key piece of chip, with high market concentration, and the global semiconductor silicon market is now dominated by well-known enterprises in Japan, Germany, South Korea, and Taiwan, China. In mainland China, semiconductor silicon companies produce semiconductor silicon tablets of 150 mm or less, with only a few producing 200 mm semiconductor silicon tablets.
Capability. By 2017, 300 mm semiconductor silicon tablets were almost entirely imported. In 2018, Silicon Industries Group, a company in Shanghai that led the sale of 300 mm silicon tablets on a scale in mainland China, broke the 300 mm semiconductor silicon production rate by almost zero.
Soi silicon is silicon on insulation and is one of the common silicon-based materials whose core features are the introduction of a layer of oxidation insulation between the top silicon and the supporting substrate. Soi silicon has the advantage of full media separation through insulation. This will significantly reduce the parasitic and electrical leakage of silicon and eliminate the locking effect. Soi silicon has a small parasitic cap.
Short ditches have the advantage of low-pressure low power consumption, high integration density, speed, simple process, high resistance to cosmic ray particles, etc. So soi silicon is suitable for use on chips that require high pressure, bad environment, low power consumption, high integration, such as radio frequency front end chips, power devices, car electrons, sensors, and stellar chips.
Soi silicon is now mainly used in front-end radio chips for wireless communication devices such as smartphones, wifi, and in motor electronics, power devices, sensors, etc. In the future, soi silicon demand will continue to rise as the 5g communications technology matures, a new cycle of smart cellular upgrading is approaching, and the development of autopilot, car-networking technology.
Global Soi silicon market sales increased from $440 million to $670 million between 2016 and 2018, with an average annual recovery growth rate of 23.2 per cent: during the same period, China ' s soi silicon market sales rose from $2 million to $100 million.
More professional, only a handful of companies worldwide, such as soitec, corrosive chemistry, global crystal circle, sumco, and silicon industry groups, have the capacity to produce. On the demand side, China’s soi chip manufacturing industry is small, and soi silicon production in China is small in scale.
4.1 Global market 4.1: Monopolies of leading firms, high barriers to industry, due to the technical difficulties of semiconductor silicon industries, long R & D cycles and high investment in capital over the past 30 years.
The concentration of the semiconductor silicon industry has continued to rise. In the 1990s, there were more than 20 major semiconductor silicon enterprises worldwide.
In 2018, the top five semiconductor silicon companies worldwide sold $718.8 billion, or 93%, of the global semiconductor silicon industry.
The concentration of the semiconductor silicon industry has continued to increase, with the market share of the five enterprises, Sino-Japanese, Sumco, Siltronic, circumpolar crystal round, and sksiltron, rising from 85 per cent to 93 per cent. The market share of the top five enterprises in the industry has increased from 28.5 per cent in Japan to 28.5 per cent in Japan.
The market share of the sumco is 25.2%, the market share of the German siltronic is 14.7%, the market share of Taiwan is 14%, and the market share of South Korea is sksiltron is 10.5%. The silicon industry group (including neo-sudden technology) accounts for 2.2% of the market share of the global semiconductor silicon.
14% of the year, the fourth largest semiconductor silicon business in the world, with the remaining four firms with less change in market share. The main reason for the further increase in the share of the global crystal market was their acquisition in December 2016 of the semiconductor silicon firm, Sunedison Semiconductormited, Denmark, and the Topsilsemicondutometalsa/s semiconductor industry.
The circle also acquired the semiconductor crystallization operation of the covalentmalials under the Toshiba Ceramic flag in 2012, which led to its leaping to the sixth largest semiconductor silicon plant in the world. The extended expansion through M&A is a path for some semiconductor silicon taps to develop a strong enterprise. For example, Sink chemicals acquired Japanese silicon operations in 1999: sumco is a living friend metal.
The industrial silicon manufacturing sector, the joint silicon manufacturing company and the Mitsubishi silicon material company have merged. 4.2 The domestic market: technology is relatively weak and demand is rising in the future.
Compared to the major international semiconductor silicon suppliers, semiconductor silicon enterprises in mainland China are less technological, with a smaller share of the market, with most of them mainly producing polished silica less than 200 mm. Currently, the silicon industry group is one of the largest semiconductor silicon enterprises in mainland China, and it was the first country in mainland China to sell 300 mm semiconductor silicon tablets on a large scale.
Since its inception, the Silicon Industries Group has grown rapidly through the acquisition of investment and technological upgrading. Business catch-up revenue from middle-ring semi-conductor material operations in 2017, 2018, is the same.
The market share is very low, but in 2016-2018 the silicon conglomerates and the central conglomerates showed an upward trend, with silicon being slightly higher than the central conglomerates. Under Moore’s law, moving toward large sizes is the most basic trend in the semiconductor silicon sector in the future.
For some time, 300 mm semiconductor silicon will remain the dominant size, while 100-150 mm semiconductor silicon production will gradually shift to 200 mm silicon, while 200 mm silicon production will gradually shift to 300 mm silicon.
In a wide range of features, the semiconductor industrial chain is becoming increasingly clear from integration to vertical division of labour, and the global semiconductor industry is moving towards the third industrial region, i.e., to mainland China. In addition, the emergence of emerging applications of end-uses such as electronic power devices for cars, radio-frequency chips for 5g communications equipment, and national industrial policy plus silicon tablets for semiconductors on mainland China.
(1) Imports by customers are not as expected or are time-consuming; (2) marketing effects have a greater impact on the marketing of new products, and there is a risk that future or lower volumes of products will fall short of expectations; (3) technology is a high barrier and a difficult industry, and therefore the process of technological upgrading is prone to bottlenecks:
4) The company ' s future real income and performance are influenced by more objective factors, and there may be a risk that the relevant sales forecasts in this report will differ significantly from the actual future sales: 5) There is a low visibility and recognition of national product plates and a risk that market sales levels will fall short of expectations.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.