On May 15th, 2019, in the list of companies that have been admitted, semiconductor companies held nine seats.
The Silicon Industry Division is our sixth semiconductor enterprise. The Silicon Industry is the largest in China.
One of the largest semiconductor silicon silicon enterprises in mainland China is also the one that led the sale of 300 mm semiconductor silicon silicon, and in the special silicon-based material soi silicon silicon sector, China’s semiconductor silicon industry has been growing rapidly.
The semiconductor production lines, the technological advances in semiconductor manufacturing, and the rapid development of the semiconductor end product market. The semiconductor silicon market in mainland China has entered the stage of leapfrogging. From 2016 to 2018, the semiconductor silicon in mainland China.
Sales rose from US$ 500 billion to US$ 996 million, with a high annual compound growth rate of 41.17 per cent, well above the average annual growth rate of global semiconductor silicon silicon. China, as the world’s largest semiconductor product end market, is expected to grow in the future.
As China’s chip manufacturing capacity continues to expand, China’s semiconductor silicon market will continue to grow faster than the global market. • The supply of our semiconductor silicon is highly import-dependent, and the process of national production is seriously slow
Second. Semiconductor silicon is a key material in the production of semiconductor products such as integrated circuits, separation devices, sensors, etc., with a high market concentration. The global semiconductor silicon market is now dominated by well-known enterprises in Japan, Germany, Korea, Taiwan, China, etc.
In one of the most important links between our semiconductor industrial chain and international advanced levels, semiconductor silicon enterprises in mainland China produce semiconductor silicon tablets of 150 mm or less, with only a few producing 200 mm semiconductor silicon tablets.
After many years of continuous research and development and production, the company has acquired a core package of semiconductor silicon silicon, including 300 mm semiconductor silicon, including monocrystal growth techniques.
Technology, cutting technology, chemical corrosion technology, grinding technology, polishing technology, cleaning technology, extension technology, soi technology and measuring technology.
The company's holdings were awarded the National Science and Technology Progress First Prize, the China Academy of Sciences' Outstanding Scientific and Technological Achievement Award, and the company took over the 20-14nm Incorporation.
The development and industrialization of circuits using 300 mm silicon suites, the development of 300 mm silicon technology for circuit manufacturing and the development and industrialization of 200mmsoi crystal discs are among the seven major national “02-specific” research projects.
• Valuation of label companies: companies are in semiconductor silicone industry, where the average number of pe (ttm) is 15.96 times that of companies listed in the same industry.
The solar single-crystal silicon rods/fibres, semiconductor silicon, 76.2-200 mm polish chips, tvs protection for diode gpp chips, which corresponds to 36.95 times the p (ttm).
100-200 mm semiconductor silicon, which corresponds to 11.53 times the pe(ttm). Risks of increased competition; risks of technical overlap; risks of increased trade friction. - One of the largest semiconductor silicon enterprises in mainland China.
The company is one of China’s semiconductor silicon leading companies. The company was founded in Shanghai in 2015 and is mainly involved in research and development, production and marketing of semiconductor silicon. The company is one of the largest semiconductor silicon companies in mainland China today.
The silicon-based material soi silicon is more competitive. Since its inception, the company has adhered to the major strategic needs of the national semiconductor industry, to the global layout, to the international frontier technology, to the key core technology in the semiconductor silicon production, and to the nearly zero per cent national production rate of 300 mm semiconductor silicon.
The company’s main product is the semiconductor silicon tablets of 300 mm or less, of which 200 mm or less of the semiconductor silicon silicon tablets (including soi silicon silicon) are used mainly in the areas of sensors, radio frequency front-end chips, simulation chip, powerware, separation devices, etc.
300 mm semiconductor silicon chips are used mainly in the storage of chips, image treatment chips, generic processor chips, powerware, etc. After years of continuous research and development and production practices, the company has developed a deeper technological accumulation. The company now has mastered straight single crystal growth, magnetic field straight single crystal growth, heat field simulation and design, large diameter silicon cutting, high
Accurate roller circle, efficient low stress line cutting, chemical corrosion, double-face grinding, edge grinding, double-face polishing, single-face polishing, margin polishing, silicon cleaning, outer extension, simox, bonding, simbabond, smartcuttm production techniques 300 mm and less than semiconductor silicon.
The company insists on autonomous research and development and undertakes a number of major scientific and technological projects. The company insists on autonomous research and development, is a national leader in technology and technological innovation, and has 300 mandated patents, including mainland China.
Important national prizes for science and technology, the company has undertaken seven major national “02-specific” research projects, namely, “The development and industrialization of 300 mm silicon packages for integrated circuits in 20-14nm”, “The development and development of 300 mm silicon tablets for integrated circuits in 40-28nm” and “The development and industrialization of 200mmsoi crystals”.
After many years of continuous research and development and production practices, the company has acquired a core set of semiconductor silicon silicon production techniques, including 300 mm semiconductor silicon tablets, specifically monocrystal growth technology, cutting technology, chemical corrosion technology, grinding technology, polishing technology, cleaning technology, outreach technology, soi technology and measurement technology.
The semiconductor silicon industry is rapidly developing. Semiconductors are the core of electronics, the cornerstone of the information industry, also known as the “food” of modern industry, which refers to materials whose conductivity is between insulation and conductors at constant temperatures.
Semiconductor, semiconductor, semiconductor silicon, semiconductor silicon, and other semiconductor products such as integrated circuits, separate devices, sensors, etc. Global semiconductor silicon market size and development: due to the proximity of the semiconductor industry to the global macroeconomic situation
Related to this, the global semiconductor silicon sector experienced a decline in the lower volume of goods and sales in 2009 affected by the economic crisis: the silicon sector rebounded sharply in 2010 as smartphones increased. From 2011 to 2016, the global economy recovered but remained relatively low, with the silicon sector growing at a slower pace.
There is strong demand in the body-end market, with continued growth of computers, mobile communications, solid-state hard drives, industrial electronic markets in traditional downstream applications, rapid growth in emerging applications such as artificial intelligence, block chains, physical networking, motor electronics, and a growing market for semi-conductor silicons and a $10 billion breakthrough in 2018.
Of that amount, the market share of the top five enterprises was 28.50 per cent in Japan, 25.15 per cent in Japan, 14.69 per cent in Germany, 14.04 per cent in Taiwan, China, and 10.50 per cent in South Korea. Silicon Industries Group (including New Pride)
The market pattern for the silicon sector is: the global semiconductor silicon sector has higher barriers to entry and higher concentration owing to the technical difficulties of the semiconductor silicon sector, long R & D cycles, large investment, long customer certification cycles, etc.
In 2018, the top five semiconductor silicon companies worldwide sold $7,187,7795 million, or 93% of the global semiconductor silicon industry. The concentration of the semiconductor silicon industry increased further: from 2016 to 2018, the global semiconductor silicon industry concentrated.
The size of the market rose from 85% to 93% for five enterprises, namely, Sino-Chinese, sumco, siltonic, global crystal circle, and sksiltron. The semiconductor silicon industry grew rapidly in mainland China.
The trend is consistent with the global semiconductor silicon market. From 2014 onwards, the semiconductor silicon market in mainland China entered a leap-starting phase, as China’s semiconductor silicon market grew from 5.00 to 2018, as China’s semiconductor silicon market progressed.
The United States dollar rose to $996 million, with an average annual compound growth rate of 41.17 per cent, well above the global average annual composite growth rate of 25.75 per cent for semiconductor silicon. China, as the world’s largest semiconductor end-product market, expects that in the future, China’s semiconductor silicon market will continue to be larger than the global market as China’s chip manufacturing capacity continues to expand.
The supply of semiconductor silicon is highly import-dependent and the process of national production is lagging behind. The semiconductor silicon is the key material for producing semiconductor products such as integrated circuits, separation devices, sensors, etc., and is a fundamental part of the semiconductor industrial chain. Market concentration is high. Currently, the global semiconductor silicon market is dominated by Japan, Germany, South Korea, Taiwan, China.
In China, semiconductor silicon companies in mainland China produce semiconductor silicon tablets of 150 mm or less, and only a few of them have the capacity to produce 200 mm semiconductor silicon tablets.
The semiconductor industry is characterized by technical difficulties, large investments, long industrial chains, a wide variety of products, fast-forwards, a wide range of downstream applications, and a vertical division of labour in the industrial chain. The semiconductor manufacturing chain consists of design, manufacturing and sealing tests, and semiconductor materials and equipment are supported by chip manufacturing, sealing, and semiconductors.
Products are widely used in mobile communications, computers, auto electrons, medical electronics, industrial electronics, artificial intelligence, and military companies, which are now suppliers to several mainstream semiconductor enterprises, and provide 300 mm polish and extrapolated blades, 200 mm and less, and soi silicon tablets.
In 2018, companies sold 29.57% of total sales to their top five customers.
In 2016-2018, corporate revenue and net profits continued to grow faster. Main business was prominent. Corporate owners were required to develop, produce and sell semiconductor silicon tablets; other business revenues, mainly from consultancy services, accounted for a small share. In 2018, the company achieved business income of $1.010 billion, an increase of 45.64 per cent, compared with 45.64 per cent; and net profit from repatriation of $11 million.
There are two main reasons for the increase in income from the company’s main business, namely: 1) industry, where the company is a minority of Chinese semi-conductor silicon enterprises with some international competitiveness, and where the product is recognized by a large number of domestic and foreign customers.
In 2016, the company acquired Okmetic and Shanghai, where it achieved growth in operating income by gradually expanding its capacity and increasing its production. Shanghai’s new stages of fixed asset input, product R & D, and experimental production were scaled up in 2018.
The company has no controlling shareholders and no actual controlling person. The conglomerates and the Industrial Investment Fund, which are the first-largest shareholders, now hold 30.48% of the shares respectively. Thus, the company does not have shareholders with more than 50% of the shares, and the individual shareholders are dependent on them.
The voting rights of the shares held by them are not sufficient to have a decisive impact on the decisions of the shareholders' assembly, so the company's financing history is illustrated in the following graph:
Technology R & D and industrialization II projects; 2) Replenishment of liquidity projects.iv. Analysis of target companies and valuation of similar companies. Companies are mainly engaged in research and development, production and marketing of semiconductor silicon tablets.
Proximity or similar manufacturers, mainly Chinese ring shares, leon shares, etc., foreign countries are dominated by ring crystals, company competitions, and Chinese ring shares are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. The main products include high-efficiency photovoltaic power stations, solar cells, solar single crystal silicon rods/fibres, semiconductor silicons, 76.2-200 mm polish chips, tvs insurance
Hangzhou Leon Electronics Ltd., the largest semiconductor silicon firm in China, was established in 2002 to operate in the development, production and sale of semiconductor silicon and semiconductor separation device chips.
150-200 mm semiconductor silicon chips, Shortki diode chips, mosfet chips. Shanghai/Khangqing supersilicon semiconductor companies have major operations that include silicon chip manufacturing, sapphire manufacturing, and artificial monocrystal growth, and have polishing and extension product production techniques.
Exterior competition against the hands of the world's fourth-largest semiconductor, the manufacturer of silicon tablets, mainly located in Taiwan Bay, is a listed company in the Taiwan Stock Counter trading market. The Silicon Transworld is focused on semiconductor silicon, with products of silicon and 50-300 mm silicon. In 2016, the Silicon and the Outer Silicon were acquired.
The major supplier of silicone products, the silicon product of silicon (district melting), was built as the third largest producer of silicone in the world. Crystal was founded in 1997 as a listed company in Taiwan’s securities counters. The company is a global firm.
The sixth-largest semiconductor silicon producer, whose main product is 100-200 mm semiconductor silicon, is the world's first semiconductor silicon producer, and is a well-known Japanese chemical company. Sino-gang chemical was established in 1926 as a listed company on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
The manufacture, production, and sale of products such as microsilicon plastics, cellulose derivatives, semiconductor silicon tablets, phosphorus, rare earth magnets, and light engraved glues. The meridian chemistry has adopted a diversified development strategy, leading the world in a number of product areas. The meridian chemistry began producing 300 mm semiconductor silicon tablets on a large scale in 2001, and the semiconductor silicon product type includes 300 mm semiconductors.
Siltronic is the third-largest semiconductor silicon producer in the world, based in Germany and listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange in 2015. Siltronic concentrates on semiconductor silicon business, starting in 1953.
The research and development of semiconductor silicone operations resulted in the production of 300 mm semiconductor silicon tablets in 1998 and the production of 300mm semiconductor silicon tablets in 2004. The main product consists of 125-300mm semiconductor silicon tablets.
The market share of Japan is 25.15%, the market share of Germany is 14.69%, the market share of Taiwan is 14.04%, and the market share of South Korea is 10.50%. Silicon Industries (including New Pride Technology) accounts for 2.2% of the market share of the global semiconductor silicon.
In 2016-2018, the company ' s Māori rate was lower than the average for the same industry, mainly due to the company ' s higher sales revenue from 200mm and the following semiconductor silicone (including soi silicon) tablets and a higher Māori share of the main business, with 300 mm semiconductor silicon silicon silicon producing and selling on a larger scale in 2018, with a negative Māori ratio for the main business, resulting in a lower overall Māori ratio for the company.
Industry-listed companies such as Sumco and Globo Crystal are the top five producers of silicon tablets worldwide, with product lines ranging from 300 mm to less, mature products, large-scale products and competitive products, so that the Māori ratio is relatively high. The share of R & D inputs in sales revenue is higher than that of listed companies in the same industry, and is at the stage of their development.
Valuation of the firm: the company is in the semiconductor silicon industry, where the main listed company has a central ring share, ring crystals, crystals, etc. As of 13 May 2019, the average pe (ttm) for companies listed in the same industry was mainly: the risk that the semiconductor silicon industry was not growing as much as expected; the risk of increased competition within the industry;
Xu Peng: Master of Engineering, June 2013 Accompanied Chinese securities, the main areas of research and follow-up: tradable debt, electronics, etc.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and completeness of this information because the recipient receives it. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the information and the views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for the sale of the said securities, and the information and opinions do not take into account the information obtained.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial status and specific needs.