The Sini Sanctuary, the wise flying creature (300122.sz) and the pharmaceutical creature.
The demand for hpv vaccine is still high, and the heavy-pound tuberculosis product is about to be marketed on 30 August 2019, when the company released its semi-annual report for 2019, which generated business income of $5,039 million in the first half of the year.
Increase of 143.19 per cent; realization of net profit attributable to parent shareholders at $1,147 million, or 68.08 per cent over the same period; realization of net profit attributable to parent shareholders at $1,177 million against non-recurring gains and losses, which is still strong compared to the increase in demand for Hpv vaccines, driving continued high performance growth.
The continued rapid release of the product contributed to an overall revenue of $4,423 million, an increase of 200.98 per cent in the same year, a sharp increase in the issuance of the nine-priced Hpv vaccine in the first half of the year, ac-hib being affected by re-registration, a temporary suspension of production, and a 6.82 per cent increase in the issuance of the first half of the year.
The company ' s profits grew at a lower rate than revenues, mainly because the agent ' s own Māori rate was significantly lower than that of its own main product, with a high increase in Hpv vaccine revenues in the first half of the year, and a high share of operating income from the agent ' s product.
The gap between the two rates (33.98% vs. 93.49%) eventually led to a decline of 18.03 percentage points in the overall Māori ratio of companies. In addition, cash flows for corporate operations improved significantly, with the same increase in the global exclusive tuberculosis vaccine, which is expected to become the next performance growth point.
Protein (ec) diagnostic reagents have completed on-site verification of clinical studies and an expert consultation on the evaluation of cde medicine, which is under professional review and is expected to be marketed in the second half of the year to become the company's next performance.
In addition, the company ' s other nodule products are recombinantly recombinant tuberculosis vaccine (aec/bc02), intra-injected BCG (bcg) and pure protein derivatives (bcg-ppd) all of which are on the 28th floor of ITC, 69 West Street, Taiwon City.
In the first half of the year, the company spent 102 million dollars on research and development.
\triangleright International Center, 7th floor, product development progress: 15-price combination of pneumonia vaccine, double-price combination of sodium dysentery vaccine,
Costed pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccine has been completed at the clinical trial site and clinical serobic surveillance is under way; rabies vaccine (mrc-5 cells), intestinal virus 71 is used by frozen people,
Freezing rabies vaccine (vero cell) and quadruple recombinant virus vaccine (Mother Brethren) have been notified of clinical trials and are in the process of preparing clinical trials; flu virus fission vaccine has been reported as a result of clinical studies.
High demand and continued high growth for hpv vaccine, with an exclusive cow sub-collage vaccine on the verge of \triangleright drug safety risk; industry policy risk; under-research and development risk; under-sale;
\triangleright Bad debt risk; ac-hib re-registration risk.