The pace of performance is expected to accelerate in the second half of the year.
During the same period the previous year saw an increase of 143.19 per cent; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was 1,147 million yuan, compared with expectations. In 2019, the company achieved an operating income of 2,745 million yuan, representing an increase of 122.54 per cent; The net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was 645 million yuan, an increase of 52.55 per cent;
• The company’s current product is growing steadily, with approvals expected to accelerate in the second half of the year, with performance increasing or higher than in the first half of the year: due to the impact of vaccine events, the company’s overall wholesale issuance is slightly slower than expected. Based on grass-roots research, we believe that the end-market supply should not be evident.
The Hmong method, which drives the process of issuance, is expected to accelerate in the second half of the year, leading to faster performance than in the first half of the year. The 4-priced Hpv vaccine and the 9-priced Hpv vaccine have been issued in the first half of the year 2.82 million and 1.18 million, respectively: 3.08 million and 118, respectively, have been issued to date.
In the first half of the year, if all vaccines issued are sold, the revenue will exceed 2 billion. In the first half of the year, 2.99 million copies of the ac-hib vaccine were issued and, as of now, 4.28 million copies were issued.
We believe that this event has had a limited impact on the company's fundamentals: the company's stock is currently adequate, considering last year's batch of products that were not sold and the products produced in the first half of the year are 6 million.
The product will continue to grow at a high rate, with sales expected to reach 6 million. The company will have 800,000 five-priced rotating vaccines. As the negative effects of the vaccine event are gradually eliminated, we believe that it will be released quickly in 2019, with sales expected to reach 4.5 million.
The annual ec diagnostic reagent box has a penetration rate of 20%, and there will be a sales rate of 880-1.1 million. Considering that the supply of vaccines should not be high, the company's semi-annual report is used to screen the positive bacterial population, so we think it has a very low penetration rate.
We estimate the price of vaccinations for one person at around $2,000, if 20% of the people screened injected, 2, "Twiss Flying Bios."
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We expect companies to have an excellent net drive and corporate management efficiency from 2019 to 2021, with a heavy load of products that are rich and supported by medium- and long-term growth.
The market space will support the firm’s fast-track performance of $5,039 million in 2019, an increase of 143.19% over the same period the previous year; it will be placed on the market.
The net profit of the company ' s shareholders was 1,147 million yuan, an increase of 68.08 per cent over the same period the previous year; the net profit of the company was 1,177 million yuan, while the company ' s operating income of q2 in 2019 was 2,745 million yuan, an increase of 122.54 per cent, a net profit of 645 million yuan, an increase of 52.55 per cent, a gain of 644 million yuan, an increase in the net profit of the company ' s shareholders attributable to the listed public sector; and a net profit of 644 million yuan, an increase of the same amount.
Our view is that the Hpv vaccine is growing steadily, that the stock of the triple seedlings is sufficient, and that the production guarantees the long-term growth of the company.
Of the company's current products, 4-priced Hpv, 9-priced Hpv, 3-mode and 5-priced Rotavirus vaccines, 4-priced Hpv and 9-priced Hpv vaccines achieved 2.82 million and 1.18 million, respectively, in the first half of the year; 3.08 million and 1.18 million, respectively, have been issued so far.
Hpv’s sales revenue will exceed $10 billion, which will provide a strong incentive to double corporate income and performance. If all vaccines issued in the first half of the year are sold, the contribution will exceed $2 billion (four and nine-price hpv, respectively, at $798 and $1298, respectively).
The company's announcement of 2 April: the application for re-registration of one of the main products is currently pending, the approval is valid until 1 April 19 and the production of the ac-hib vaccine will be suspended until the subsidiary has obtained a re-registration. We believe that this event has had a limited impact on the company's fundamentals: the company's stock of the three seedlings is currently adequate, considering last year's year.
The product will continue to grow at a high rate, with sales expected to outpace 6 million. The company achieved 1.74 million batches in the first half of the year with five-priced round vaccines. The purchase agreement that has been signed now makes clear: spending. As the negative effects of the “vaccine incident” are phased out, we believe that it will be released quickly in 2019.
Based on grass-roots research, we believe that the end-market supply should not be obvious. A new vaccine law will be introduced in the second half of the year, which will drive the process of issuance, under the company.
Biannual issuances are expected to accelerate, leading to faster performance than in the first half of the year. 2.2. In the area of tuberculosis vaccination, company long-term performance growth is guaranteed. The company's nodule field products are mainly ec-diagnostic reagents and microcard vaccines.
The next price is $40-50 and the price of a microcard per person is $2,000. It is expected that the screening of bacterium tuberculosis will be included as a routine screening project, with a higher penetration rate. In 2017, the number of new entrants to primary, lower secondary, upper secondary and higher education will be about 70 million, and the number of new entrants is roughly 30-40 million per year.
So the main test population is around 110 million. It is assumed that if the ec diagnostic reagent box in 2020 was better for tuberculosis prevention, it would be applied to the positive germic population, so we think it has a higher penetration rate. The price of a microcard per person is estimated at around $2,000, if 20% of the people after the screening were given a small injection.
The market for card vaccines is around $1.32-176 billion. 2.3. The increase in the share of proxy products has led to a decline in the ratio of Māori and net interest rates.
With Hpv vaccines and a five-priced rounder vaccine, the company ' s Māori ratio will decline significantly. While the company ' s efficiency has improved significantly and its marketing and management rates have slipped significantly, the net interest rate of the company has declined. We believe that corporate management efficiency has improved, although the growth of proxy products has led to a decline in the company ' s Māori ratio.
The future Māori ratio and net interest rate of the company will continue to decline, but the overall business position is stable. And as the company’s tuberculosis domain’s autonomous products are listed successively, the company’s Māori rate and net interest rate are expected to rise.
We believe that the company’s products are excellent, that heavy-pound products have been rolled out successively, and that they are abundant and supportive of medium- and long-term growth. The company’s marketing capacity is strong, with clear channel advantages.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board