The supply and demand for the vaccine for the wise-flying creature (300122) hpv was evident, and the company reported a six-monthly increase in its performance.
The research assistant Lee Young-eon hpv vaccine terminal gap is large, and fast-disbursing is leading to growth in the company's performance: with the purchase agreement with Mossatón, the distribution volume of the 9-priced hpv in 2019 is expected to be large.
For billions, we estimate that the Māori ratio for Hpv vaccine sales is around 50%, and the company's revenue from Hpv's sales in 2019 will exceed $10 billion, which will strongly push corporate income and performance to double. By mid-May 2019, the company had a 4- and 9-price Hpv vaccine, respectively.
If the vaccine is sold in its entirety, it can contribute more than 2 billion yuan (US$ 798 for 4 and US$ 1298 for 9 hpv). ac-hib triple seedlings are in their release period and provide a second boost to the growth of company performance: 2018
With ac-hib triple seedlings achieving 6.44 million bulk issuances, considering the impact of the “vaccine event” on the national production of type II seedlings and the distribution cycle, we believe that the actual sales will be slightly lower than the bulk issuances.
The company announced on April 2nd that the application for re-registration of one of the main products, Triple Plumbing, was still pending, that the approval was valid until April 1st, 19th, and that the production of the ac-hib vaccine would be suspended until the subsidiary had been re-registered.
The impact on the company’s fundamentals is limited: the company’s stock is currently adequate, considering last year’s release of products that were not sold and 6 million products produced in the first half of the year. We anticipate that the employee ownership scheme will increase the motivation and efficiency of the company’s management: the employee’s shareholding.
The participants were all core cadres of company and subsidiary employees, with a total of no more than 8001 " Ji Fei Bian " (300122): company personnel, directors, supervisors and 13 senior managers of the employee holding scheme, among them
It is expected that with the implementation of the SIP, the staff motivation and the efficiency of the company’s management will be one.
More consistent with corporate interests, employee motivation is expected to increase further, leading to rapid growth in corporate performance. 2019-06-05  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: We expect the company to be a net parent from 2019 to 2021
Excellent, heavy-pound products have been rolled out successively, with a wealth of research products and support for medium- and long-term growth. Public 3, The Smart Flying Organisms (300122): The Division of Tuberculosis has a strong marketing capacity and a clear channel advantage. We therefore maintain an “enhanced” rating.
The focus of disease screening and prevention on tuberculosis prevention and control is the undetectability of the smart-flying organisms to target the market for long-term seedling risk events.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board