Ji Fei Bian (300122): Performance continues to grow and R & D is progressing well 645 million yuan net profit from the company's shareholders, an increase of 52.55% over the same period.
The rate of re-registration of the triple seedlings slowed down in the short term. The company's autonomous product, type II seedlings, realized net profits of $206 million, a rise of 18.72 per cent from the previous year, mainly due to increased research and investment; during the reporting period, the number of batch issuances of the triple seedlings reached 2.9864 million.
The vaccine re-registration application has not yet been approved and production has been suspended, the company has limited stock, and the number of batch issuances has increased more slowly. Reasonably optimistic is that the company’s 3D is expected to be re-registered in the course of the year, and the company’s new FD3 is about to declare production.
It is expected to be officially marketed by 2020, when the product will be fully upgraded, and a significant nine-priced Hpv vaccine will continue to be released rapidly.
In the reporting period, the company issued a total of 2.82 million Hpv vaccines at a four-price price (+7.56%) and a total of 1.18 million Hpv vaccines at a nine-price price.
In the reporting period, the bulk distribution of five-priced round vaccines reached 1.74 million, and sales were good, with further releases expected in the second half of the year.
The ratio of revenue from product contribution is close to 90 per cent, profit is close to 80 per cent, market demand for proxy products is strong and, as the sales force expands and consumption channels sink, the proxy type 2 seedlings will continue to contribute to high corporate performance growth.
In the reporting period, company sales costs were increased by the expansion and promotion of the sales team. In the first half of 2019, the company was large. During the reporting period, the reorganisation of nodule bacterium blended protein (ec) with cow bacterium.
Two products of the vaccine (for people infected with tuberculosis) have completed on-site verification of clinical studies and an expert consultation on the evaluation of drugs in cde, and are in the process of applying for permission to market medicines, both of which are expected to be approved in the second half of the year.
The four-price recombinant vaccine has been notified of clinical trials, the company is studying the risks of not selling as expected; the new product has not been approved as fast as expected; and the vaccine industry is qualified. This report is produced by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers of Chinese securities. The company will not receive this report for its recipients.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.