The wise-flying creature leads the way from an exclusive agent to a leader in innovation, a company with the highest sales capacity in the country's vaccine industry, and the only one in the country, Mercerton.
Four/nine-priced hpv, five-priced rotavirus vaccine and 23-price pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccine, not excluding the possibility that more new vaccines will be available in the future. According to our estimates, the company's receipts for the period 2018-2030 have been marketed (autonomously), including the exclusive ac-hib combination vaccine (liquid agent type),
(ac) A combination of meningitis vaccine, hib combination vaccine, acwy four-priced meningitis multi-sugar vaccine, treatment of therapeutic microcards; the declared vaccines include: cow-disrupted fungi vaccine (mica, prophylactic) and recombinant nodule integration protein (ec, screening for latent tuberculosis infection).
Freezing ac-hib combination vaccine (summation of clinical data for the iii), four-priced influenza fission vaccine (clinic for the iii), 23-price pneumococcal multi-sugar vaccine (clinic for the iii), two-price combination vaccine for the sonella disease (clinic for the Fountain) vaccine (clinic for the ii), acwy four-priced meningitis vaccine (clinic for the ii),
A 15-price combination of pneumonia vaccine (i-clinic) and frozen dry recombinant tuberculosis vaccine (i-clinic).
In 2018, the company signed a procurement agency agreement with Mersardon, of which $3.146 billion (the first dose in September 2018), 4/9 (hpv) to preventive microcards and ec screening at least $3.17 billion in market size in 2030, together with ac-hib III, were procured by the end of 2021
In 2020, 2021, and 2022, respectively, the DTP vaccine was approved. According to the Chinese Journal of Experiments and Clinical Infections, No. 2 of 2016, the rate of active tuberculosis infection in China was 459 per 100,000 people.
(corresponding to 6.405 million active nodules in the country), assuming that the preventive microcard is inoculated, and therefore that the preventive microcard price is 350 yuan per dose, requiring a total of 6 doses), the market size of the preventive microcard will be over 2 billion yuan in 2030.
About 10% of the population turned into active tuberculosis, corresponding to 6,405 million people infected with latent tuberculosis, with a market size of more than 1,150 million yuan per year for ec screening. Not taking into account the 15-priced pneumonia that is in the reserve phase, the combination of inflammation vaccine, the reshuffling of tuberculosis vaccine, the recombining of antivirus multi-priced vaccine, the elimination wheel pattern.
Virus vaccine, double-priced foot-to-mouth vaccine, 2030 ac-hib combination vaccine, ac combination vaccine, ac combination multi-sugar and combination vaccine, four-price flu vaccine and diarrhea vaccine are expected to generate more than 2.8 billion dollars.
SIGC International Securities Company Ltd. has been eligible for securities investment consulting services in the event of an accident with vaccination, a lower-than-expected rate of listing of new varieties, and a breakdown of supply of proxy varieties.
Medical Organisms: Biological Products