Shanghai Airport (60.009): q2 is lost and tax-free business elasticity will gradually release Shanghai Airport.
The company's assets are “Shanghai Pudong Airport” and “Shanghai Raining” of $132 million, resulting in a loss of profit. Of this amount, the company collected $2.714 million in the second quarter of the year, the net profit of the mother, Rainbow Bridge Airport, and the airport's terminal and runway.
The significant increase in income and profits over the same period last year was mainly due to the low level of the base affected by the epidemic last year. Production, operations concentrated in the management and management of the two main airports in Shanghai.
Ground security operations. The company, drawing on the advanced experience of the civil aviation industry at home and abroad, has established its own safety features.
The company has well-developed passenger and mail air service revenues, which have increased by 285.3% to $1,015 million. The Shanghai epidemic affected Shanghai during the same period last year.
Innovative, fully staffed mechanisms to regulate transparent internal management, efforts, and the company’s second-quarter passenger operations have largely ceased to function, and this year the epidemic is gradually emerging from the epidemic.
In the first half of the year, the number of passengers at Pudong Airport recovered to 88.6 per cent of the same period in 19 years, and there was a gap in the number of international passengers, equivalent to 22.4 per cent of the company's operations during the same period in 19 years.
International passenger throughput has recovered to around 52.5% in the same period in 19 years, and we expect to recover to about 80% in late 19 years. Overall, while the reporting period has seen significant improvements in business indicators over the same period last year, the income for the second half of the year will continue to grow significantly over the first half of the year, mainly from international sources.
Total equity/flowa shares (millions of shares) — $330 million and $450 million, respectively, in the first and second quarters of this year — and as international routes are gradually restored, the flowb/h share (millions of shares)
In addition, other non-air revenue grew by 58.6 per cent to $1.216 billion in the first half of the year, mainly as a result of increased income from rental of premises and air support extension services.
Won, maintain the company's "recommended" rating.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, Shanghai Airport (60.009): 02: Swift gains and tax-free business elasticity will gradually release the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Shanghai Airport (60.009): q2 is a profit, and tax-free business elasticity will be released.
Cao Fung, Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics and Applied Mathematics, Master of Financial Mathematics, seven years of investment research experience, 2015-2018, employed in the Open Portfolio Development Researcher’s own research perspective. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.