Cobalt industry (603799) Non-ferrous metal energy metals rely heavily on cobalt copper to build an integrated tap with the wind of lithium electricity.
The company begins with cobalt copper, and is currently fully configured for the nickel-cobalt lithium resource upstream of lithium electricity, and is running from supply to downstream. The rapid release of pre-energy drivers and positive materials from new energy plates, and the construction of integrated industrial chain layouts.
The core advantage of this efficiency is that it is expected to grow into a global chain of lithium positives in the future. With each resource end: a strong and visible base, nickel becomes a short-term profitable core growth point. 1) Total equity/flow (million shares)
Nickel releases contributed to high performance: in recent years, the volume of corporate copper and cobalt business has grown steadily, the total market value/flow of nickel products (millions of dollars) million tons of gold, +126 per cent of the year, and the four nickel projects in Huayaya, Huaco, Huayuan and Huashan, Indonesia
A total capacity of 345,000 tons of gold, corresponding interest capacity of 2,085 million tons of gold, followed by high-speed release.
The resource layout is one more crucial step, the global lithium electricity has achieved a net gain of $1.35 billion, the first half of the year has released 20,000 tons of nickel production, and, in the future, is accelerating growth at the top of the pole.
The company's 345,000 tons of gold nickel production is expected to contribute to a 10 billion-grade net profit growth. 2) Strong and united deployment of offshore nickel resources, creating a front-line client circle: the company works in strategic partnership with Aoyama, the general public, Ford and the fresh water river to plan a total yield of 300,000 tons of gold and opens the ceiling for the nickel business.
New energy business: integrated industrial chain construction costs the mooring river into a new order of magnitude. 1) The self-supply ratio of the nickel cobalt-rich lithium resources of the new energy materials operation is rising and the cost is expected to continue to fall: a total of 400,000 tons of production capacity is planned by the company ' s pre-drivers, if measured according to the 8-high nickel pre-drivers product.
Four projects in Indonesia have a total capacity of 345,000 tons of nickel, which can be measured as a pre-discharger of 6785 million tons of gold, and nickel products can be fully self-supplied in the future. 2) High nickel orthodoxy production, competitiveness in the sea. Strong: fast-distribution material through acquisition + joint venture model: good corporate delivery structure, high nickel.
The three-dollar ratio has reached about 80%, the super-high nickel ncma ncma material has been cut into an internationally recognized vehicle supply chain, with monthly production of over 3,000 tons in size. Following the expected landing of the Guangxi integration project, the positive growth rate is expected to continue.
Cobalt is a very deep business, and it's a very deep business, and it's a very big business, and it's a very big business, and it's a very big business, and it's a very big business, and it's a very big business, and it's a very big business, and it's a very big one, and it's a very big one.
(i) New energy business development by professional management, with equity incentives to show confidence in performance growth
1) Corporate management team with a background in the non-ferrous and new energy industries, enabling new energy business transformations. Among company executives, executives responsible for nickel and cobalt have a non-ferrous metal professional background and management experience in large non-ferrous enterprises. Deputy generals responsible for new energy operations have served in Tian Zimbamo technology and experience.
The company targeted 2022q2 for restricted stock incentives, covering 1,190 core staff and covering a wide range of areas. Grant mechanisms, the ladder of incentives, while at the same time demonstrating confidence in the growth of the company’s performance.
(ii) The distillation of the operations into the traditional colour plates of the company, the growth of new energy sources and the creation of four major business plates with new energy sources, colour, trade and resource recovery; the global integrated layout of operations, with headquarters and manufacturing bases in the country;
Resources are guaranteed abroad, and the market is sold globally. Through its domestic and foreign affiliates, companies are engaged in different types of business, actively expanding the deployment of new energy sources of lithium upstream metal materials in Africa and Indonesia, resulting in a pattern of operations based on non-ferrous and trading operations, growth from new energy operations, and resource recovery for the future: (1) non-ferrous operations are mainly copper and cobalt extraction and deep processing; and trade operations are trade-friendly.
The non-ferrous and trading business, which is the foundation of the company, while continuing to develop, is also the Chinese-American cobalt industry: the deep-seated business of cobalt-cobalt, which uses the wind of lithium to create integrated poles to support the supply and processing of raw materials for new energy plates. (2) The new energy business has evolved from the development and refining of cobalt-cobalt resources.
Deep processing of the pre-lithium-upstream drive and solid material, and the ecological aspects of the integrated lithium electricity industry for recycling and recycling of lithium-power resources, is the central driving force behind the company’s future business growth. (3) Lithium-recycling operations are primarily the recycling of lithium-ion used batteries and are intended for the future. Lithium-recycling operations at the top of the layout, mainly the reclamation of used batteries and the use of ladders.
Based on its position as a leader in the cobalt industry, and drawing on its rich overseas business experience, the company has made a full deployment of new materials upstream of lithium electricity; over the years, self-researching has led to the release of three-dollar pre-releases, a strong transformation of new energy enterprises, and a strong rise in the rise of lithium power, which will be accompanied by more new energy operations in the future.
The company was mainly involved in the development of cobalt copper resources, which were laid overseas for the first time after an African mission in 2003. In 2008, it acquired mikas (100% of current shares), weso (all transferred),commus (all transferred) three Congolese mines with a subsidiary cdm.
By the time it was listed in 2015, the company was mainly engaged in the deep processing and marketing of cobalt, copper-coloured gold products for the extraction, selection, smelting, and new cobalt-based materials. The company’s operations grew steadily at this stage, growing into the second phase of global cobalt (2016-2021): in 2016, the company developed and developed a multi-dollar pre-mobilization model, with some of the products realized.
China's friend, Cobalt Industry, has a deep business of cobalt-based copper, building integration with the wind of new lithium-electric materials. In the course of the year, Australia's listed company, avz, increased shares by subscription, accounting for 11.2% of its growth, and the distribution of lithium mine resources, which now account for a proportional share.
6.29%. Launching of the distribution of the Indonesian nickel resources in the red-earth in 2018. The company’s main business, which is moving from colored resource development and processing to new energy sources Lithium electric and cobalt new material products, has become the company with the industrial chain of upstream integration of lithium electricity from nickel and cobalt resources development, three-dollar pre-drivers and orthodoxy.
Phase III (2022-future): In the first half of 2022, with the release of the company ' s capacity for the Huaiyan project in Indonesia, China has contributed 1.350 billion yuan in net profits to the division. In the next 3-5 years, the company ' s nickel mine, three-dollar pre-drive drive and positive materials project will gradually land and release capacity.
The company takes advantage of the resources and processing advantages of the coloured business, rapidly entering the lithium battery upstream nickel-lithium metal, building an integrated industrial chain upstream of lithium electricity from resources development, smelting, pre-drive to orthodox materials development and marketing. The company’s new energy business is mainly upstream of lithium electricity.
The processing of nickel-cobalt lithium metal from a three-dollar pre-drive to the development, production and marketing of solid material products is integrated. At the end of the spectrum, the company, building on its rich overseas resource mineral development experience, has been actively developing the Indonesian Red-Site nickel mine.
Smelting ends: the company’s nickel products are mainly high-ice nickel, cobalt hydroxide, etc. Chinese friends and cobalt: they rely on the depth of the cobalt-copper business to build integrated taps with the wind of the new lithium-electric material, and are further processed as nickel sulphate, mainly for self-supplied pre-swap material. The company’s cobalt products are mainly cobalt sulphate and quadruple.
Cobalt oxide, cobalt sulphate, used in pre-triple material drive, or in the consumption of lithium-grade batteries. Pre-triple material, and material: the company develops and produces pre-triple material products for use in power cells, 3c, and lithium in the storage energy system. The company is active in the down-swing battery manufacturers and whole-car customers, and is now in lig chemistry, the Ninder era, posco, Biade, etc.
The company has been able to access the upstream end of the resource, the middle-stream trio material, the downstream car company's integrated layout. (iii) The overall harvest has increased, the profitability has increased, and the Lithium business has increased over the years.
2022H1 has a high rate of growth in corporate revenue, a sustained growth in colorful business, a bright new energy business, and a year-round performance in the second half of the year. Corporate operations: corporate capacity has continued to improve, with a clear trend of high year-round growth. Corporate 2022h1 has achieved a net profit of 2,256 million to its parent, an increase of 53.60 per cent. New energy plates: company performance on the new energy plate has grown significantly, positively.
The material contribution has increased significantly. In 2022h1, the triad drive generated $4.15 billion, an increase of 53.40 per cent over the same period. In the positive business, the sum of $11.45 billion was realized. In 2021h1, the sum of the positive materials and the triad drive, amounted to 48.99 per cent, compared to only 18.93 per cent in the same period in 2021, and the share of the new energy business continued to expand.
The company’s net asset returns have continued to rise over the past three years, and its profitability has become evident. The net yield on the company’s productive capacity has fallen in the wake of the company’s successive investment projects, mainly because the company’s outward investment projects have not yet fully realized the benefits.
Most of the drive-in projects are under construction or have just been converted to fixed assets, have not yet fully released production capacity into revenue, and have accelerated investment in the short term, leading to a drop in roe. In the medium term: roe will be phased in from 2019 as the former drive-out takes the lead in yielding capacity and the return on investment will be realized, and the upstream integration of lithium will be improved, the cost of the links will be further reduced, and the growth of roe will be opened.
In the new energy plate, the Māori rate for nickel, trio-premium drivers, and solid material is expected to increase further as production capacity climbs and business systems improve.
The gross interest rate for corporate nickel products is expected to increase further as the company expands the configuration of its overseas Indonesian nickel resources and releases production capacity. Cobalt products are characterized by rare small metals of dry metal, and the Maori rate for cobalt products is more strongly influenced by the market price of cobalt metals, but the Maori rate remains at double-digit levels.
Business income rose from 33 million yuan to 4,764 million yuan in 2021 for the first time in the company ' s positive material business. The company ' s pre-triple drive Māori rate rose from -0.88 per cent in 2015 to 15.19 per cent in 2021, and market competitiveness increased. The firm ' s medium- and long-term business trends are clear, and short-term accounting losses do not affect overall performance.
Credit losses increased mainly as a result of stock falls due to fluctuations in the price of nickel metal, which fell from the peak in March to 39.83 per cent as of 30 June, in preparation for a large drop in the stock of products. At the same time, nickel prices fell from the peak in March to the highest in June, and as of 30 June, from the Yangtze nickel.
The price falls by 33.91 per cent, resulting in a corresponding impairment of assets in high-ice nickel purchased by companies in the first half of the year and in nickel raw materials used to produce nickel sulphate.
Add, the corresponding accounting readiness to write bad accounts leads to an increase in credit impairment losses.
Cobalt copper operations have been growing steadily, with the largest share of revenues. The strong resource security and solid business base of colored plates are the backbone of the company’s main business, and will continue to contribute to growing performance in the future. While revenues from cobalt copper operations have been declining in recent years as a proportion of total revenues, sales and total revenues of cobalt copper products have been growing steadily, and performance has been on the positive track.
Cobalt prices also contribute significantly to the high performance of cobalt products. Companies continue to increase their production of cobalt products and to establish a strong leader in the cobalt industry. 2012 - 10,000 tons of metals rose to 10.29 million tons of gold, a 2.12-fold increase. The company’s production of cobalt products grew significantly faster than that of copper.
Figure 12: The steady increase in the production and capacity of cobalt-cobalt operations The maturity of the industrial chain of the company's cobalt-copper operations, resulting in a pattern of extractive smelting abroad and deep processing within the country: and external procurement by local mining and mining companies in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, which is complemented by long-term orders and short-term purchases
By March 2022, the remaining reserves of the pe527 mines were 679.68 million tons, including 25.9 million tons of cobalt metal, 1,192.47 million tons of copper ore and 1982 million tons of copper metal. Based on the annual production of pe527 cobalt copper ore in 2021, mining permits/millery certificates were valid until April 2024, guaranteeing the company's cobalt for the next two years.
(2) Smelting end: The company ' s cobalt copper business is mainly concentrated in Cdm and Mikas, a subsidiary of the African Democratic Republic of the Congo, whose main business is the selection of cobalt copper ore and the acquisition of cobalt copper ore, which is then produced for copper ore by the extraction process and further refined by the wet method for the production of rough hydroxide or cobalt or electric copper.
Cobalt Industry: The deep-seated business of cobalt copper, the creation of integrated poles by the wind of lithium electricity, the downfalls of the overseas copper mining layout show that product structure optimization significantly boosts the overall Māori rate of copper products. The company's copper product owners are copper and copper. Until 2017, the company's copper product Māori rate had fallen with market copper prices and continued to decline, but after 2017, it had to do so.
The main reason for this is the company’s self-supply ratio of copper minerals and the optimal adjustment of the structure of copper products. Cost-side advantage: raw materials account for more than 50% of the total cost structure of the company’s copper products, remaining at over 50% in 2021, compared to 64.79%. Cost prices of raw materials therefore have a greater impact on the overall Māori ratio of copper products.
The cost advantage is evident. The product structure is optimized: 15,000 tonnes of wet-metallurgical copper project expanded by subsidiary mikas in 2018, and 30,000 tonnes of wet-melting copper project completed by subsidiary cdm in 2019, and the company ' s electricity-copper ratio increased as the capacity of the two projects released the slopes. As the Māori ratio of electric copper was higher than that of copper, it led to the average Māori ratio of the entire copper product.
From the point of view of the increase in copper prices, between 2017 and 2020, despite a small decline in copper prices, the Māori rate of corporate copper products has remained unchanged.
The company’s cobalt products, mainly cobalt trioxide, cobalt sulphate, cobalt hydroxide, cobalt oxide, cobalt carbonate, etc., of which cobalt trioxide is mainly used for the consumption of lithium-grade batteries, and cobalt sulphate is used mainly for power cells.
The global production of refined cobalt in 2021 was 15.4 million tons of metal, an increase of 12.70 per cent over the previous year, of which the production of corporate cobalt products (including entrusted processing) was 3.65 million tons, representing 23.7 per cent of total global production. The corresponding increase in corporate cobalt production in 2021 was maintained at a higher rate, but it has declined steadily since 2018, mainly as a result of the increase in the proportion of corporate cobalt products driven from downstream supply.
Cobalt prices are strongly influenced by cobalt prices. Cobalt prices in companies typically anchor the Cobalt Price System of the British Metals Monitor (mb) and the London Metals Exchange (lme), with final prices to be determined by both the supply and demand sides through certain calculations.
In this case, raw materials account for more than 80% of the raw materials. Since the company’s raw materials for cobalt products are mainly dependent on African imports and out-sourcing, transport and subsequent processing to the country of return takes a three-to-six-month time cycle, cobalt products have a certain lag in purchasing compared to cobalt raw materials, and market price fluctuations for cobalt metals can lead to fluctuations in the fair value of inventories and, at the same time, to a gross profit margin for cobalt products.
In the past decade, trends in cobalt prices and in the Maori rate of cobalt products show a similar trend in the market valuation of the company ' s cobalt product. (ii) The nickel-coded lithium resource layout, with the concentration of the nickel mineral released to boost the growth of the harvest, has shown a similar trend in the trend of the market valuation.
The company ' s nickel product has formed a business model of upstream control, middle-stream processing, and downstream pre-supply drive, forming a whole physical layout of the nickel industry chain. Nickel resources are concentrated overseas, with Indonesia ' s red-earth nickel mine, which accounts for more than 10 per cent of the world ' s nickel reserves, and the country ' s nickel mine, which, according to the Uggs data, has only 2.8 million tons of nickel reserves, representing only 3.01 per cent of the world ' s companies.
The nickel product business, which now has upstream resources in Indonesia, is processed and manufactured in the country and sold mainly for direct domestic sales. Participation in mining and long-term supply cooperation agreements, complemented by market purchases.
Nickel products, mainly used in power cell pre-triple drive material.
Australia  Indonesia  Brazil  Russia  China  Co. Ltd.  Co.  Indonesia                                       ,                         ,               ,                                                                                          ,
Wet and Wet Wet, the Green Mountain Group, which provides resources, and the company’s technical operations, which complement each other’s strengths. At the same time, the company has a percentage of allocative ownership based on equity. (2) The company has joined forces in the global mining and whole-of-the-caring of Indonesia’s nickel mines, building partnerships for quality cooperation, and strengthening the bond of downstream industrial chains. This year, the company has made strategic collaboration with the freshwater valley and Ford automobiles.
If signed for implementation, an additional 120,000 tons of nickel will be produced annually in the future; a strategic cooperation agreement will be reached with Volkswagen (China) and Qingshan Holdings to plan an annual production of 120,000 tons of nickel; and a new strategic cooperation will be reached with the Freshwater Valley to build a high-pressure acid soaking project with an annual production capacity of 60,000 tons of nickel.
The company’s projects in Indonesia focus mainly on the morowali and iwip industrial parks. The complex has well-developed support facilities, including electricity, docks, and airports, and the integration of the process will lead to further savings.
The intermediate costs of crystals, drying, solution, transportation, transaction costs, etc., reduce the cost of the various links and increase the Maori rate of the overall nickel product.
In the next three years, the company’s project will be fully operational. The company’s nickel metal is currently planning a total capacity of 645,000 tons of gold, of which 300,000 tons are in the phase of signing a cooperation strategy or framework agreement.
The planned nickel production capacity of the four projects, namely, Watweed, Watco Fire, Huo Foo Wet and Huo Ming Wet, totalled 348,000 tons of gold, corresponding to 2,085 million tons of nickel in corporate equity, and 84.89 per cent of the capacity of the wet-law project under construction. The yield was 5.13 million tons, 1563 million tons, 22.8 million tons and 26.8 million tons, respectively.
Cobalt and Cobalt Industry: The deep-seated business of cobalt copper, which builds an integrated flagship with the wind of lithium electricity, and the dramatic efficiency gains of the China Wetting Method project, the future location of the Indonesian nickel mining project, the cost advantages of the company's own nickel sources upstream of lithium electricity will continue to be magnified, and the Māori rate of nickel products will open up. According to the company's collection of nickel products over the years.
In the first half of the year, Cobalt Cobalt was able to produce around 20,000 tons of nickel, and in the second half of the year, a rough calculation of Indonesia's nickel project would result in a net profit increase of 10 billion tons. The price of nickel was higher than the price of nickel in the first half of the year.
The company’s projects in Indonesia are dominated by wet methods, the wet method versus the fire process, higher initial investment costs, and more complex production processes, but it is the production process that has a certain cost advantage, and subsequent projects are on the ground, and the production cost advantage of the wet technology project will be further demonstrated.
Cobalt industry in China, which relies heavily on cobalt and copper for the development of integrated flagships by the wind of lithium and new materials, has concentrated on the wet process in China, China, and China. According to the feasibility report for the Indonesian project, the wet method project is more expensive than the fire project, with an initial investment of $115 million in gold tons and a single million in the three wet technology projects.
The cost advantage of the wet method is mainly in the follow-up process, pending completion of the project, and the technological competitiveness of the company’s project in Indonesia will become apparent. The cost of producing nickel from the ptvale fire is compared to the cost of producing nickel from the sherry cherritt: the annual freshwater valley bulletin, the cost of producing one ton of nickel from the 2020 fire.
For $8868.11, the cost of producing a ton of nickel by fire in 2021 was $108,872.72; the annual Sherett report announced that the cost of producing a ton of nickel by wet in 2020 was $37,701.68, and the cost of producing a ton of nickel by wet in 2021 was $4554.88. There is a clear advantage in the cost of producing a ton of nickel by wet method over fire.
Lithium as a necessary element of a multi-cell technology, whether a three-dollar or phosphate lithium route is strong, the demand for lithium metal in the lithium electricity industry will continue to grow, and the capture of lithium resources will help the company to reduce the cost of raw materials. Control of the upstream lithium resource will guarantee the company’s industry.
The supply of the chain’s lithium raw materials also facilitates the company’s pre-drilling and positive business promotion. In 2017, the company subscribed to the Australian avz stock, held 4.17% of the mining rights for the manono lithium oxide project to date, and the manono project contains the largest lithium deposit known previously.
The share ratio, Rochedure, can bring 10.12 million tons of lithium oxide to the Chinese alumni cobalt industry. In 2021, the company acquired 100% of the shares and associated claims of the prospective lithium mine in Zimbabwe at a price of $422 million, acquired 100% of the interest of the ricinite mine in Zimbabwe, and completed the handover in April 2022, and has now started the construction of the project. As of October 2021, arcadia
In terms of time cycle, it is expected that the company’s projects in Zimbabwe will be mineral-efficient in the first half of 2023. The Chinese friend, Cobalt, has a deep business of cobalt-based copper, building an integrated tap with the wind of lithium electric new material, leading to a significant improvement in the performance ceiling and positive business, and recovering the future of the business.
The company's core products in the company's new energy business have entered into the supply chain of global-renowned lithium batteries such as the Ninder era, Biadi, lig chemistry, and posco, with strategic interfaces and collaborations with popular cars, Volvo, BMW, etc.
(i) Multi-year pre-cultivation excavator operations, with the ability to release high-performance growth from the production ladder, companies have experienced autonomous R & D, certification and construction plants that drove them nearly a decade ago and have successfully achieved three-dollar pre-drive mass production and become a three-dollar pre-drilling one-line ladder. The pre-dating excavator product and downstream power cell companies have a long certification cycle and a long capacity-building cycle.
The company’s combined assets are concentrated mainly in the joint venture companies Hua Yui Pu Xiang and Joa Jin. The company’s pre-drilling business has undergone four phases: (1) autonomous research and development: the company began purchasing cobalt-rich materials as early as 2013, while raising funds for China’s friendly state, preparing investment projects for production, and preparing three-dollar material pre-drivers.
The ncm prior drive has entered the system for certification. The pre-planting plant was started the same year. (3) For the first time, in 2015, the company achieved its first pre-triple drive. 2016, the company launched its pre-triple drive through a private equity fund. (4) Accelerating the distribution: after 2018, the company acquired all of its resources for new energy sources in China, while accelerating the deployment of several pre-occupancy drives in the form of full capital plus joint ventures.
The company's technological research and development capabilities have been continuously enhanced with its own three-dollar pre-drivers, which are now dominated by market-competitive high nickel products. Since 2013, the company has set up a new material research institute to continuously enhance technology research and development for target clients.
The company’s three-dollar pre-drill is now dominated by high nickel products. Through self-build + joint ventures, the company has continued to expand pre-triple defecation capacity, and has been able to build a joint venture with lithium convenor.
The company is currently working on a three-dollar pre-disposal project, which is located mainly in China, China, Guangxi, and Kiryu. In 2018, the company held hands on the global lithium tap lig chemistry, and set up a pre-dismantling project for Joaquin.
The project is based on a 51 per cent share in Joaquín and a 20.51 per cent share in the Chinese-American Cobalt industry; The Pre-Bureau Drive Project was established with Posco, a 60 per cent share in the Consumption Company, and 24.14 per cent in the Chinese-American Cobalt industry. For the first time, the pre-Boards produced 0.12 million tons in 2015, and before the company in 2021.
The company's pre-triple and joint-venture projects will be released centrally over the next three years, with capacity growing several times. We assume that the company's Joaquin projects will be expanded to 100,000 tons over the next three years, and will now be fully operational in 2025. According to the company's current pre-triple project construction cycle, from six months to one year, the company's production will be measured in 2022, 2023, 2023, 2025.
In 2024 and 2025, production capacity is expected to be 150,000 tons, 240,000 tons, 355,000 tons, 400,000 tons, corresponding to 110,000 tons, 170,000 tons, 270,000 tons, and 300,000 tons, respectively.
In 2021, the company entered into several strategic cooperation agreements and framework agreements with downstream enterprises, amounting to 64.15-92.65 million tons, providing certain guarantees for the company ' s prior export volumes over the next three years.
A total of 369,000 tons (including internal self-supply) of pre-discharged goods, an increase of 26 per cent over the same year, a continuous increase in the share of high nickel products, and a sustained improvement in product composition. At the end of 2021, the company signed a framework agreement with Yon-Huen, Ceng-chung-chung and Mobil-Technology, and in August of the year, a framework agreement was signed with Tesla, with orders to be determined in the form of actual purchases, which will drive further increases in pre-discharge sales by the company.
The scale-up effect of the expansion of the production capacity of future pre-drivers projects will contribute to an increase in the Māori rate of pre-removement operations. After Indonesia’s nickel mining project has released the capacity to climb the slopes, the company’s self-sufficiency in the former driver will increase further, and the cost of raw materials will continue to cool down. The Māori rate of pre-removements increased from 2.9% in 2016 to 15.19% in 2021, and has shown a downward trend in volatility in recent years, mainly as a result of exposure.
The increase in the price of raw materials has had an impact on the price of the raw materials. Three years ago, the rate of excavated Maori remained above 15%, between Green States and China's Sino-American shares, and the Chinese-American cobalt industry, which relies heavily on cobalt-cobalt operations to create a successful market competitiveness through the production of new lithium-based materials. The company's rate of excavated Maori before 2022h1 was over 20%, and integration with the later release of Indonesian nickel products.
The process is fully connected, the costs of crystallization, drying, solution, transport and trading will be further reduced, the Māori rate will increase the volatility of the company's pre-triple drive output and market share, the volume of output will continue to grow, and the subsequent yield will boost the company's market share. According to data analysis by the Chinese Institute of Economics and Industry and the company's annual report, the market share of the company's pre-triple drive will be higher.
From 2.13% in 2015 to 10.55% in 2021, 2022h1 pre-diversion production amounted to 3.69 million tons, or 10.28% of the total market area, and was located in the Expeditions. The company has developed and stored an additional three-dollar pre-diggered nickel product, in an industry context with a clear pre-triple trend of high nickelization, along with the expansion of pre-diversion projects and orders, and its share in the market.
China-Yo-Yo Cobalt Industry: A deep business based on cobalt-cobalt, building an integrated tap with the wind of lithium-powered new materials (ii) full-scale three-dollar positive material, which can be released over time, and a growing ceiling for performance. The company has developed an integrated whole-sector layout from the development of nickel-cobalt mineral resources to the self-researched production of solid materials, covering the middle of nickel-cobalt.
The company’s lithium positive-polar layout is structured according to the principle of “upstream resource, downstream market, midstream capacity.” Upstream expansion of the cobalt-nitro-nitro-nitro-nitro-diploma layout, production of intermediates such as high-ice nickel, mhp, nickel sulphate, cobalt sulphate, supply of downstream front-drivers, and extension of the positive material into an integrated chain.
Positive products have been produced in volume and steadily scaled up, while developing and storing large amounts of nickel high voltage monodrome material, 9-high nickel material, etc. In 2021, the company achieved nine mega-nitroncma monthly kilotons and delivered global head battery customers.
Household closeness, taking advantage of upstream resource ownership, resulting in efficiency gains. 1) Corporate and lig joint ventures have resulted in a new joint venture for positive material projects. 2) Investment through fully-owned technology from Guangxi Bamo, a fully-owned subsidiary, to the "3-modec material production of 50,000 tons of high nickel power cells per year, 100,000 tons of pre-triple material integration project, with an expected internal return of 20.18 per cent, and a projected return on investment (including construction period)
For a period of 6.49 years, after the project reaches the postnatal stage, 50,000 tonnes/year (metal volume) of nickel from high pure battery-grade sulphuric acid, 150,000 tonnes/year of high nickel power cells, which are produced by trio-capacitors, and 50,000 tonnes/year of high nickel power cells, which are produced by triodes. With a two-year construction cycle, the collapse of the Guangxi integration construction will further reduce the cost of the links and increase the Maori rate of positive material.
Cobalt industry: The company built an integrated flagship based on the deep business of cobalt and copper, using the wind of lithium power and new materials, acquired positive materials head business in Tian Zimbamo, which quickly opened the market for positive materials. The Māori advantage in Tian Zimbamo was favourable to the profits of the plate in the company's overall positive material business. 1) After the Chinese cobalt industry and the Tian Zimbamo industry, a zero-sum business harvest was achieved.
By buying Tian Zimbamo in 2021, the company took control of Tian Zimbamo's fully-owned subsidiary, Tujubomo, with 36.68% of the actual interest in the Chinese cobalt industry, and quickly achieved the layout of the tri-dollar orthodoxy material, based on the technical and market advantages of Tian Zimbamo technology in positive materials, and the first positive material operating revenue in 2021. Tian Zimbamo is currently in the market's 3-dollar orthodoxy first class, according to which
According to information data, the share of the three-day Zimbamo in the total market is 10.6%. 2) The Cobalt industry is currently operating too low and the cost-benefit rate will rise significantly as the capacity is released and the cost gains are realized. On the basis of a single ton of Māori measured in comparison with the company’s three-day positive business, it was found that in 2020 Māori in Tsimbamo was anti-extensive in technology.
It is also higher than Jinhua's new material. After China's friendly cobalt industry in 2021 and China's Zimbamo industry, the total three-dollar positive business performance is average, mainly because positive material is not yet generating efficiency gains, leading to high amortization costs, and the company's three-dollar positive business profitability will increase as the project becomes viable and marketable.
Chinese-American cobalt industry: deep-seated cobalt-cobalt business, building an integrated flagship with the wind of a new lithium electric material Chart 34: Bamo Maori is competitive (millions of dollars/tonne) in technology. When technology is advanced, it's technology. Bamo technology. Long-term lithium science. Long-term lithium science.
..the tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten tungsten energy ..g. Guangdong Bump . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
In 2021, the company produced 54,767 tons of positive material, an increase of 96.46 per cent in the same year, sold 56,703 million tons of positive material, an increase of 52 per cent in the same year, and exported about 264,000 tons of high nickel orthodoxy material, or about 80 per cent of the total volume of triple material. According to customs export data for 2022h1, the company accounted for 50 per cent of the country ' s total exports.
Cobalt and Cobalt Industry: Relying on the depth of the cobalt copper business, building an integrated tap with the wind of lithium electricity and new materials (iii) after-the-cycle lithium layout, recovery operations are beginning to yield results. Corporate battery recovery operations are heavily configured and are currently limited to a relatively small total of decommissioned batteries and are not yet economically efficient.
The growth in the size of decommissioned batteries is a sine qua non for the growth of the company’s recovery operations in five to eight years. Power batteries are not yet in a large-scale retirement phase, and it is expected that, as the power cells decommission, the battery and material business channels develop, further refinements and relevant regulatory and regulatory guidelines will be developed, and the recovery of power batteries is expected to be on a relatively large market scale around 2025.
The battery cycle, calculated for 5-8 years, continues to increase in the number of batteries decommissioned and formally recovered, and in 2025 the total volume of batteries recovered before and after is expected to reach 50 gwh or more.
The company pre-positions the lithium recycling operation, which works with self-research product technology and takes advantage of the pioneering collaboration to build and market the integrated lithium recycling industry ecology from cobalt nickel resource development, green smelting, triad drivers and solid materials. 1) The company pre-releases the recycling business, with emphasis on technology development.
To date, the company has entered into cooperative agreements or battles with Toyota Automobiles, Volkswagens, Puji Korea, Mobil Technologies, BMW Group, LG New Energy for recycling of used and end-of-life batteries.
The company recycling business model continues to be developed and evolved, and the recycling plate has achieved a net profit. 1) The company ' s main recovery product is lithium carbonate and nickel sulphate, with a recovery weight of 1,000 tons. The business model continues to evolve, and now includes waste for new materials, staircases, etc. 2) The company ' s company ' s layout recovery business, HWAYC, and resource regeneration, were recovered for the first time in 2018, but
The net profit is a loss. 2022h1 returns the business plate to make a profit, while the state regenerative company earns a profit of 2,261 million yuan and a net profit of 408 million yuan.
China-Yo-Yo Cobalt Industry: The deep-seated business of cobalt-cobalt, the construction of integrated taps by the wind of new lithium-electric materials, the company ' s successful entry into the new energy enterprise ladder as the leader of the cobalt-based industry, the well-developed upstream distribution of lithium-electric resources, the subsequent release of nickel minerals will continue to improve the self-sufficiency of nickel products, and the profits from nickel products will increase, while the chain of upstream integration of lithium-electric power will be connected, pre-discharged and
According to the analysis, companies should have a certain value premium, and we maintain a “buy-in” rating. Markets do not match the expected risks, the risk of policy change, and the risk of the epidemic’s impact on imports and exports.
China's friends in the cobalt industry: deep-seated cobalt-copper business, building an integrated flagship with the wind of lithium and new materials.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the statement in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.