El ophthalmology (300015.sz) Wang Wiescheol 2017h1 shows a 33 per cent increase in performance in the same year, in line with expectations.
Rapid growth in corporate performance: the company received $2.59 billion, yoy+34.9 per cent of the revenue from 2017h1 and recorded a net profit \triangleright at a level close to the ceiling in the range of performance forecasts, which met expectations.
Growth in external and endogenous co-help performance: the rapid growth in corporate performance was largely due to the continued rapid growth in revenues from the various hospitals and an increase in the number of nine in the current period compared to the same period last year.
The nine hospitals in the first half of the year, which contributed a net gain of $21 million, are expected to grow rapidly in the future as the maturity of the hospital rises. With the elimination of nine hospitals, net profits in the company grew by around 25% over the same period.
As you can see, the tangential surgery achieved an income of 80 million yuan, an increase of 41.7 per cent over the previous year; it increased by 29 per cent over the previous year; it increased by 50 million yuan over the same year, an increase of 30.4 per cent over the previous year; it achieved a gain of 650 million over the same period of 32.7 per cent for cataract surgery; and it continued to rise at a higher rate than last year (go).
The cataract business has recovered at a high rate as the Weissi events subside. The company’s combined Māori rate is 47.0%, a small increase of 0.3 percentage points over the same period, mainly due to the increase in the share of high-end surgery.
Increased capacity, sales cost increased by 13.2 per cent from year to year, management cost decreased by 1 percentage point to 13.9 per cent from year to year, and financial cost increased by the same ratio, with corporate-term institutional investors as a proportion of the share in circulationa overall
Leveled chain layout, internal outreach expansion: after many years of development, the company has now developed a business model with a \triangleright chain. The Shanghai headquarters with the highest clinical and scientific capacity is located in the company's technology.
Conference centres for persons with heart and eye problems and technical support for level II hospitals; chain hospitals in provincial capitals with a certain standard and strong clinical capacity, as level II hospitals, are located as centres of consultation for all-ophthalmology services, representing provincial levels, and provide technical support for level III hospitals
Support; hospitals at the local and municipal levels serve as level III hospitals, focusing on eye vision and clinical services for common eye diseases. The company has adopted an expansionary model of internal outreach. In addition to self-building and direct acquisition, several M&A funds have been set up, which has been accelerated through the development of in vitro culture and integration.
The current M & A fund is about 120 hospitals, and it is expected that M & A will continue in the future to foster well-established hospitals in listed companies. People’s awareness of ophthalmology has increased, and children’s and young people’s perceptions have increased, and the market for ophthalmology services has increased.
The overall growth will continue at a faster pace. The company, as the ophthalmology chain leader, is well-placed, but there is still much room for vertical deep-deeping, and we believe that the company will be able to grow faster than the industry under the policy dividend of the State to encourage the community to operate an emergency treatment.
The long-term development of the company, which is now well valued, maintains the “buy-in” investment proposal.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.