A steady increase in the volume of ophthalmological surgery and a smooth international expansion. On August 26th, the company released its semi-annual 2017 report: first half of the year, net profit return, net profit deductions, respectively. The number of outpatient clinics and surgeries increased, contributing to rapid growth in performance.
\triangleright performed well in the first half of the year. On the one hand, revenues from various health-care projects grew rapidly, and the share of high-end operations such as second, flight second and icl increased during the reporting period, resulting in an increase in volume prices; and visual services increased by 30.40 per cent over the previous year.
On the other hand, companies grant reserved limited stocks to grass-roots, front-line employees, with full equity incentives, and have the upper hand. The Unit compares with the trend of 300 depths.
Corporate sales and management costs increased by 38 per cent and 26 per cent, respectively, in the first half of the year, and net operating cash flows also increased by 31 per cent, mainly because of the expanding size of the company ' s operations and corresponding increases in advertising, managers ' remuneration, depreciation and fit-out fees.
The changes in key financial data and indicators are the result of the company’s expansion toward good, domestic, and foreign health-care networks. The expansion of overseas markets has increased the international influence of brand names.
The company accelerated its internationalization to build a web layout across Asia and Europe, completed its equity acquisition of the famous United States Eye Center wangvision in the first half of the year through the new United States subsidiary, A.I., and made an offer to acquire the largest European eye chain, Clínicabaviera, s.a.
The global layout of the company’s ophthalmology-related industrial chain.
In the first half of the year, the company acquired nine hospitals, such as Ribama El and Yangtze.
By 2017h1. There are more than 180 hospitals in El ophthalmology in the country.III. Prospective earnings and investment proposals. Hospital revenues are not growing as expected: overseas M&As are below expectations.
Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements, Li Feng, Executive Vice-President of the Institute, served on the National Economic and Social Commission, the Ministry of National Materials, the Ministry of Internal Trade, the China Sinda Trust Investment Corporation, and the China Galaxy Securities Agency