Performance meets expectations, income profits keep growing at a high rate, and it's clear that both the tangent surgery and cataract income accelerates.
1) Performance is as expected, income profits are maintained at a high rate, contour surgery and cataracts receive split operations, contour surgery yields 796 million yuan (+41.65%), cataract surgery generates 652 million yuan (+32.7%) and immediate surgery generates 370 million yuan (+24.4%),
In the back-of-the-eye surgery, the income is $221 million (+35.78%), in the visual services, $498 million, and the income from the tangential surgery and cataract surgery is accelerating. The company’s tangential drop-out is now 44% of the full flight second, 41% of the flight second, 9% of the icl, and 6% of the traditional tangential surgery.
The business structure is still being optimized and the Cataract operation was affected by the Weizese incident in 2016, but in view of the 17h1 business growth, the impact of the event has been completely eliminated and the Cataract operation continues to grow at a high rate.
El ophthalmology (3000015): “Collection and purchase base” + “Partner”; expansion unlimited - 2014/05/05
2) Māori rates, net interest rates have risen steadily, and costs are well regulated. 3) Take good note of the company’s eye branding and rapid reproduction capability. The company is now the largest ophthalmology group in the world and has built up a nationwide and cross-America.
At the national level, as of 2017h1, there were 192 ophthalmology hospitals, of which 76 were in listed companies and 116 MFAs. In the first half of this year, the company acquired and bought the base of the gold, Ribbon El, yang ophthalmology, Dong Yiel, Tian-El, Taihara El-Conming Eye.
Co, Foshan-El, Xijiang-El, Qing-Eil, and Lake-Ere have effectively contributed to the growth of corporate revenue. The M&A Fund is also continuing to speed up the organization of online shops in local and county hospitals, and to reserve more high-quality mergers and acquisitions for listed companies.
On the foreign side, companies accelerate internationalization, on the one hand through El (United States of America) international control