On 15 September, in a non-public release announcement, the company adjusted the amount of funds raised and the investment made through the construction of the non-Ere headquarters building, the expansion of two ophthalmological hospitals, the acquisition of nine ophthalmological hospitals, and letters.
The purchase of nine ophthalmology hospitals, the industry fund model, is on the right track, making a significant profit for the company.
After the project is completed, a certain amount of goodwill will be added to the consolidated balance sheet of the listed company. The acquisition also marks the gradual maturity of the company’s industry M & A fund model, which increases the radiation area of the hospital network through new construction or M & As, which was acquired in the first half of the year.
There are more than 180 hospitals in the country as of 2017h1, in nine hospitals such as Bayall and yang's.The unit has increased company competitiveness by comparison with the depth of 300, Chongqing and the expansion of the Harbin ophthalmology hospital.
The company plans to use $114 million for the relocation of Chongqing and Harbin Eye Hospitals. Both hospitals are provincial capitals with strong brand influence and competitiveness, with Harbin El and Cagr earning 16 per cent, 26 per cent net profit, respectively, in 2013-2016; and Chongqing El won 9 per cent net profit in 2013-2016.
With the expansion of the two hospitals, additional doctors and equipment are expected to increase the capacity of the two hospitals, improve the consultation environment, play a leading role in driving the development of district-level serial hospitals, and eventually generate more profits for the company.
The actual controller will subscribe to no less than 20 per cent of the shares, demonstrating long-term confidence that the actual controller, Mr. Chen Bong, promises to subscribe to no less than 20 per cent of the total issued shares, including 20 per cent, and that the increase will be accompanied by a further increase in control over the company.
Overseas market expansion, branding of international influence, firm acceleration of internationalization, network layout across Asia and Europe, stock acquisition of America's famous Eye Center wangvision through the newly created American subsidiary, Aerre International, and through El ophthalmology International in the first half of the year.
(Europe) offer to acquire clínicabaviera, s.a., the largest ophthalmological chain in Europe, to further refine the global layout of the company’s ophthalmological-related industrial chain.
The increase in hospital income was not as high as expected; the fund-raising project was less advanced than expected; the forecast of company financial statements is summarized in Tsai Mingko, Research Assistant, Master of Finance, Macao University of Science and Technology, joined the Civil Security in September 2015.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.