The pace of business growth is accelerating and the layouts are on the ground.
Lee Ping-ho, the company published its annual report for 17 months. The company's 17h1 revenue was 2,590 million yuan, an increase of 34.92 per cent over the same period. The net profit of the parent company was 362 million yuan, an increase over the same period.
In the first half of the year, information was provided on the preparation of the present report. (i) The pace of growth and the share of high-end operations accelerated.
During the reporting period, as demand for ophthalmological markets continued to grow, the size and brand of the company grew, the influence of the company expanded and the hierarchical chain improved, the advantages of the scale effect emerged, the company ' s overall operating income and net profits continued to grow and its main operations remained robust.
Growth. 17H1 company outpatient visits were 22,498 million, an increase of 25.90 per cent in the same year; hand surgery generated operating income of $796 million, an increase of 41.65 per cent in the same year.
In the first half of the year, the Māori rate was 56.17% (year-to-0.03 pp, mainly due to the higher cost of high-end surgical materials); this included $468 million for q2 battalion. The high-speed increase in the kurning business was due mainly to the higher proportion of high-end operations such as full flight seconds, flying seconds and icl.
The current structure of corporate kryptonite surgery is 41% ordinary flight second, 44% full flight second, icl9%, and the transmission of the tectonic blade surgery is only 6%. In the future, with the upward trend in consumption, the ratio of high-end techniques has increased further; 2. high-end internal diversification; and 3.
There is still much room for growth in kurning operations until private regulation is achieved. Cataract surgery 17h1 generated operating income of $652 million, an increase of 32.70 per cent in the same year, a steady increase in volume and an increase in the share of high-end crystallized surgery.
El ophthalmology (3000015) reports a quarterly review of what cataracts need, and we predict that future cataract operations will continue to benefit from China’s vast market space.
ISP 17h1 income is $498 million, an increase of 30.40 per cent, and Māori ophthalmology: injection of first in vitro hospitals, rising number of growth-beneficial dry mirrors and faster growth of high-end products, which we believe will be open to companies in the future.
The three-quarterly review of El ophthalmology (3000015) reports a steady growth in performance, a coordinated eye-building community eye-health service model, the release of a medical optical advantage, which is expected to continue.
In the first half of the year of the immediate operation and the back-of-the-eye operation, which generated operating income of $370 million (+24.40 per cent for the same year) and $221 million (+35.78 per cent for the same year), we believe that the technical requirements of the back-of-the-eye operation (EOS) are relatively high, and that the acceleration reflects the growing recognition of the firm ' s strong technical strength.
The combinations of the nine hospitals that the company will buy in the first quarter have had a positive impact on revenue collection and net profits. By 17h1, the nine hospitals had been able to make a profit of approximately $30.68 million for the parent company, a small proportion of the company as a whole.
In terms of financial indicators, the company ' s 17h1 Māori rate is 46.96 per cent, a slight increase of 0.32 percentage points over the same period the previous year. Marketing costs (equal). The net cash flow of the company ' s operations during the reporting period amounted to $419 million, an increase of 30.61 per cent and a profit acceleration basis.
Consistency, reflecting the high growth quality of performance. (ii) Internationalization pattern laid down, 17h1 buys clínicabaviera, s.a. completes, and after delivery, the company passes through El ophthalmology International (Europe)
A total of Clínicabaviera, s.a.14,159,510 shares, representing 86.83 per cent of its issued equity, were held by the Limited.