Elephthalm (300015.sz)
\triangleright outreach, built-in co-assistance: company performance continued to grow at a rapid rate during last year's higher base period (y0y+35%) and is expected to increase at a high rate, mainly in the company's former hospitals.
Long, we expect to grow at more than 30%, and the cataracts are recovering, cutting off the cash from nine hospitals, and we expect the company to grow at more than 26%. In addition, there are nine systems with a chaining layout, internal and external mobility: after years of development, the company has now formed a score.
High-level lockdown business patterns. Shanghai headquarters, which has the highest capacity for bedmaking and scientific research, is located as a company's technical centre for patients with mental problems and skeptical problems, providing technical support to a second-level hospital; it has a set of rules.
The Ministry of Health and the Ministry of the Interior, which is located in the capital city of the capital city, is the second-level hospital, which is located for the development of full eye services, a provincial-level crisis centre, which provides technical support to the third-level hospital, and a city-based hospital, which is the third-level hospital, with an emphasis on eye vision and common eye.
The company has adopted an expanded model of internal and external connections, which, in addition to self-building and direct institutional investment as a percentage of the share in circulation, have created multi-purpose purchase funds, which have been accelerated by the development of external training.
The company's pace has expanded. It's now in the harvest, and it's expected that the purchase fund will grow into a well-established hospital in the future.
People's awareness of eye disease and young children's perceptions are increasing, and the market for ophthalmological medical services will continue to grow faster. The company is the dragon of the ophthalmology chain, the local layout is complete, but it still has a much wider space for deep farming, and we believe that the company encourages society in the country.
Medical, emergency care policies are likely to grow faster than business. We are looking forward to the company’s long-term development, which is now well valued, and maintains a “buy-in” investment proposal.
This report is written by the Group Credit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd., and is not made by a personal client. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in all or part of the report for any purpose. The Group Credit Certificate (HKCL) Ltd. believes that the information used to compile the report is reliable, but the report is not independently authenticated. The limited public department of the Group Credit Certificate (HKKL) does not provide any assurance about the accuracy and integrity of the report, or represents or does any document guarantee, and does not have any responsibility or obligation for the accuracy and integrity of the report.
The company and its associates may use this report before receiving it, or on the basis of information or research recommended in the report. A group voucher (Hong Kong) and any of its directors or their representatives or employees will not be responsible for any loss or loss resulting from the use of the report.
This report ... is not used to sell or induce customers to trade in the certificates mentioned in the report.