In the first half of 2018, BP shares achieved business income of $148.85 billion, compared to growth, and the second quarter saw a significant increase in growth loops.
The net return on business income of the 2018h1 company has continued to grow, benefiting from the effects of significant cost reductions in the company during the first half of the year, the upgrading of manufacturing capacity and the lower base of the same year. Net profits have increased significantly faster than income growth.
The main reasons for this increase were: 1) the company ' s official and displaying steel shares in March 2017, which was less profitable before the merger, resulting in a lower performance than the same base, which was accompanied by deep synergy, and significant efficiency gains from the former Samasu base; 2) coupled with the release of productive capacity, expansion of varieties, etc.
Over the second half of the year, the marginal demand in the industry has been under pressure, supply elasticity, or structural opportunities. Since 2017, structural reforms on the supply side of the country have continued, with the iron and steel industry being removed from productive capacity and banned.
Landline steel has a significant effect, superior output accelerates release, and industry maintains a high temperature, but since 2018h1 has largely absorbed the crowding out of space from the exit of ground steel production, demand for the second half of the year is likely to be pressured.
The impact of a combination of persistent tightening of environmental policies and an increase in capacity utilization is still expected to maintain a relatively tight balance, but the marginal margins of profits in the steel industry are being suppressed, and the plates will be difficult to make the first two years of the process, and more structural opportunities.
In February of that year, the company completed the merger of the stock exchange for steel, making the production of rough steel second in the world, the world’s leading super-large steel conglomerate, with a certain balance and optimization of the product structure. The structural reform of the supply side of the iron and steel industry has now yielded some results.
The output lags out gradually, but the structure of supply and demand has not been fundamentally improved in terms of industry output, in conjunction with the Ministry of Trade and Finance ' s 2016 launch on Merger Disposal in the Promotion of the Steel Industry.
And the production will be concentrated in 10 or so major groups." And, as we see, the stock of steel is our iron and steel industry's logo, and it's bound to be the backbone of the merger, followed by a build-up of capacity, which will release and optimize the capacity of the Changjiang base in November 2016.
It's the first full year since the deployment of the Chamjiang base in 2017, and in 2018 there was still room for productive release and optimal operation. 2) The consolidation of the weapons is still short, followed by a larger increase in the scope.
Since 2009-2015, BSG has been found to be consistently ahead of three profitability indicators: roe, MCP, net interest rate on sales, followed by the prospect of upgrading the Qingshan base in terms of procurement cost control, cost control, etc. through procurement, management, finance etc.
The profit level, which raises the overall performance of the new steel after the merger, is doubled, performance resilience is well valued, with a “probably recommended” investment rating.