The company is the world's leading super-large steel conglomerate, focusing on iron and steel at the bottom of the 52nd week.
Industry, combined with processing and distribution related to the iron and steel industry, is the largest carbon and steel variety in the world, with 30.3 per cent of the carbon roll, 26.3 per cent of the hot-rolled steel roll, and the overall profitability of the tubes, which are generally and cyclically significant.
In the second half of the year, the marginal demand of the industry is under pressure, supply elasticity, or structural opportunities exist. Since 2017, structural reforms on the supply side of the country have continued, with the iron and steel industry being able to produce and ban the land.
The effect of steel is remarkable, the advantage production accelerates release, and the industry maintains a high temperature, but because 2018h1 has largely digested the crowding out of the ground steel production, the demand for the second half of the year is likely to be pressured. Overall, we think that the steel supply is environmentally friendly.
While there is a certain degree of elasticity in the impact of such forces as continued tightening of policies and higher capacity utilization, the steel industry is constrained in the margins of profit up, the overall difficulty of producing the major events of the previous two years is more structural.
In February, the company completed a merger of stock exchange for steel, making crude steel production the second largest in the world, with a certain balance and optimization in the product structure of the world’s leading super-stylish steel conglomerate. The structural reforms on the supply side of our steel industry are now showing some success, and production is lagging behind.
The structure of supply and demand has not been fundamentally improved in terms of industry output, and in the light of the guidance issued by the Ministry of Industry and Communications in 2016 on the merger of the steel industry and the reorganization of the Zombie Disposal Enterprise, a large group around the house, the stock of bobble and steel as the poles of our steel industry will follow.
In November 2016, the Changjiang project was fully operational, with 2017 being the first since it was launched.
Full year, there is still room for productive energy release and optimal operation in 2018. 2) The merger is short, and there is much room for subsequent upgrading. Compared with the historical performance of the steel and steel shares, it can be found that the steel has been in the roe, the Māori rate, and the sales for the period 2009-2015.
After a sustained lead on the three profitability indicators of the net interest rate, BSK is expected to raise the overall performance of the merged new BSK by improving its profitability levels in the areas of procurement cost control, third fee control and so on through synergies in procurement, management, finance, etc.
Won and $1.03 and taking into account the cyclical share profit fluctuations properties, we use pb as a valuation indicator