The company issued a semi-annual report for 2018, which produced 23.16 million tons of steel, an increase of 3.67 per cent over the previous six months; it did business well, with a substantial increase in profitability.
The \triangleright company, which operated robustly and was influenced by the strength and weakness of the industry in the first half of the year, did not increase its income much, but the purchase spread increased and the Māori rate and the ton of steel net profit increased by 65 per cent, bringing about a total profit of 14.8 billion yuan, compared to 65 per cent.
In the first half of the year, cash flows from operating activities reached $22.15 billion (excluding financial companies), an increase of 113 per cent over the same period. In June, billions of yuan, or a decrease of 15.8 per cent, were more competitive in the market, with companies performing in domestic industries.
\triangleright 2018 second round of cost reduction plans will continue to revolve around “change-driven, managed drops, synergetic drops,”
The unit, compared to the 300-degree trend, technology drops, economic operations, five dimensions, is planned to drop $10 billion, challenging the 13-billion-dollar target; in 2018 alone, the ring was reduced by $2 billion, achieving synergy of $2 billion, and increased efficiency of the regular workforce.
More than 8%: The shift from a partial cost improvement to a system improvement will effectively support corporate profitability and business performance. In the first half of the year, companies reduced their costs by $3.12 billion, exceeding their annual targets.
During the first half of \triangleright, the Changjiang Steel Base earned $2.23 billion (+65.19 per cent of the same year), the Meishan Base reached 1.56 billion (+85.71 per cent of the same year) and the Wu Gang Base 860 million (+210.26 per cent of the same year).
The production of 4.5 million tons of heat and 1.66 million tons of cold products will be increased; integration will be solidly advanced, large-scale profits will continue to improve, and the effects of the convergence of weapons will continue to emerge.
Supply will continue to be limited in the second half of the year, demand will stabilize, supply and demand will be in a tight balance, and industry will continue. As there is a convergence of arms, the major bases are expected to increase their profits, and corporate performance will continue to be released, at the dollar and $1.1, corresponding to 8.1x, 7.9x and 7.4x, respectively.
Pb (lf) is in a lower position than the industry average, and pb (lf) is still in a lower position in history and industry, with room for upgrading. The recommended rating is maintained. The demand for steel has declined significantly, and the price of the original fuel has fluctuated significantly.
The forecasts of the company ' s financial statements are summarized. Taumong was graduated from China ' s University of Mines (Beijing), undergraduate in chemical engineering and engineering, postgraduate in mineral processing (coalification) was added in July 2011.
Wang Jiao, a senior engineer, a first-level builder, and a consultant (investment) have been working in China for almost eight years. The chief editor of the iron and steel industry, gb/t18916.31, has a number of patents (inventory patent 1), has been a technical director, room director, project manager, and has been involved in the execution of a series of engineering projects across the country, with considerable experience in the iron and steel industry and in the management of domestic and foreign projects. In May 2017, he joined the civil securities for the study of the direction of steel, construction and building materials.
In 2017, the author of Chiu Mongiu, Master of Accounting at the Central University of Finance and Economics, a 1-year experience in energy real estate auditing at Deloitte and Touche accounting firm, joined civil securities in the iron and steel industry. The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence to offer securities investment advice by the Chinese Securities Association and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, seeks objectivity, impartiality and the conclusion is not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.