The company's semi-annual performance announcement for 2018, which resulted in an operating income of $14,85.34 million, an increase of 2.17 per cent over the reporting period; and the realization of its belongings.
The net profit of shareholders in listed companies was $10.09 billion, an increase of 62.23 per cent, and a basic gain of $0.45 per share, an increase of 60.71 per cent. As a result of the slowdown in the production of cars and household electricity, the rate of Maori for cold rolls fell.
This year, the share of chilled products increased by 9.1% compared to the same year, but the cost of swing rolls increased by 11.5%, resulting in a decrease of 1.8 percentage points in the same year. The expected downward pressure on the volume of automobiles and household electricity sales in the second half of the year, and the Māori rate for the company ' s chilled products increased significantly - both the heat roll and the pipe product.
In the context of moving up \triangleright, the first half of the year saw a growth rate of just 4.4% in hot rolls, a 1.5% decrease in the business cost of hot rolls and a 4.7 percentage point increase in the business rate of the same year. With the recovery of fixed-asset investments in oil and gas extraction, a 40% increase in the revenue of pipe products and a 40% increase in the business cost of pipe products.
We believe that, against a background of instability in the international environment, particularly in the Middle East, the price of oil continues to rise at an approximate rate, and the profit contribution of corporate products on the pipeline is expected to increase even further. The profits of major holdings have improved markedly.
\triangleright not 780 million and 500 million: BMZL achieved net profits of $2.23 billion in the first half of the year and $1.350 billion in the same period last year and $2.31 billion in the whole year; Nanjing Mae Steel Co. achieved net profits of $1.56 billion in the first half of the year and net profits of the same period last year and year, respectively
840 million yuan and 2.32 billion yuan. The net profit achieved in the first half of the year was 200 million yuan, compared with 170 million in the same period last year; The net profit achieved in the first half of the year was 240 million dollars in the same period in the same period in the first half of the same year as in the second half of the same year. The combined profit was 14.08 billion yuan, an increase of 5.57 billion dollars over the same period last year.
Cash flows from operating activities have increased significantly and the cost has increased over time. During the reporting period, net cash flows from corporate operations in the first half of 2018 amounted to $22.15 billion (excluding the impact of financial companies), representing an increase in flows of $11.77 billion over the same period last year, with net profits increasing by $4.21 billion, manufacturing capacity steadily increasing and cost reduction targets exceeding targets.
At 55.1%, 66.0%, the BP base has achieved a record high rate of cold-rolling super-high steel production, 780dp bulk capacity at the Dongshan base, b18p080 sheets of specifications to silicon steel, etc. for the initial launch, eight marker technologies to achieve a breakthrough in research and development, and the National Science and Technology Progress Second Award for the project “Research and Development and Application of Energy-efficient and Environmentally Sound Burning Technologies and Equipment.” The company achieved a cost reduction of $3.12 billion in 2017, exceeding the annual cost reduction of $3.12 billion.
Chang Yang is the fourth person in the real estate industry. The Chinese Stock Exchange Award 2012 is the top ten prizes (seventh place).
Name. In the 2014-million-year information year, "Seller Institution's Profit Forecasting Accurates in Real Estate" is the third in the real estate industry. Specific proposals or ideas for investing in SkyEye Real Estate today in 2016 are directly or indirectly relevant. There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor is there any guarantee that the information and advice contained will not occur.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.