Researchchand developmentcenter shares: excellence, growth of integration
1. Tungwee shares: 202203 performance rating: performance overperformance, silicon upscaling, and integration accelerated.
2. Tungwig shares: mid-2022, silicon operations at a very high level, totcon production up to 3. Tungwee shares (600438): silicon taps are highlighted, battery pieces are technologically advanced, and the process can be improved.
With a massive expansion at the bottom of the strategic cycle, the industry’s rewinding drives higher performance.
In 2017, company management looked forward to a multi-crystal silicon-scale expansion at the relative bottom of the photovoltaic industry cycle, leading the industry to replace it with a multi-crystal silicon-based national product. Since 2020, photo-voltage demand has been concentrated on global carbon neutrals and targets, and the photo-voltage sector continues to be high.
Reliance on policy support and subsidies has come to an all-out level of price parity, thanks to the technological advances in photovoltaic manufacturing in China and a significant reduction in the cost achieved under the scale effect, with global photovoltaic flat-level electricity costs falling from 0.42 to 0.05 in 2010-2021, which is 88 per cent lower, with photovoltaic power now growing globally.
With global carbon neutralization and targets, we believe that silicon, cell block dual-nuclear power in the photovoltaic industry is expected to continue to lead the way in terms of size and cost. Double-nucleics multi-crystal silicon, cell block business long-term planning is expected to increase further in size.
By the end of 2022, 230,000 tonnes/70gw of multi-crystal silicon/tactile tablet capacity was achieved, and 2024-2026 is planned to achieve a high-purity crystal silicon, a battery cell capacity of 8-10 million tons, and 130-150gw.
On the other hand, the company continued to make progress on key cost indicators such as electricity consumption, steam consumption and silicon consumption, with production costs of 33.7 million yuan per ton achieved on the first stage and the first stage of production, excluding the industrial silicon price increase ratioa (%)
Average combined electricity consumption, steam consumption, and silicon consumption decreased by 13%, 63%, 4%, respectively, over the same period. In the utility sector, the average non-silicon cost of perc products has been reduced to less than 0.18/w.
24.7% of Hjt batteries have achieved a maximum R & D efficiency of 25.67%. A strategic vision of excellence in management accelerates vertical integration up and down. Companies operate with precision at the management level and are now more sustainable in leading product quality assurance and cost control.
Since the end of the profit cycle, in September, the company announced its intention to build a 25gw high-impact photovoltaic component project, officially declaring a major move in the direction of vertical integration. With an excellent management system, we judge that the company is expected to quickly build teams, both in and out of the country, to achieve rapid deployment of components.
On 29 October, the company issued a public announcement on the layout of the 300,000-ton metal silicon project, which is expected to further reduce the physical cost of smoothing the profit cycle of the industry.
We believe that there is a high degree of certainty about long-term growth in the photovoltaic industry, and that the company, with the help of Sinda Securities, Inc., is growing rapidly in multi-crystal silicon, battery business size, cost advantage, vertical integration.
We expect the company to maintain a smooth profit on the downside of the multi-crysilica price.
Risk factors: the global recession, global light-voltage jets, less than expected risks; price volatility risks for raw materials; risk of changes in technology routes; new products and new markets, less than expected risks. Markets believe that the current polycrystal silicon is at a high price point and is about to enter a lower cycle, with greater impact on corporate performance and valuation.
We believe that, while next year ' s additional production capacity for polycrystal silicon is more than released, supply is much more relaxed than in the previous two years, and prices are likely to decline more sharply, but with global carbon neutrality and targets, we judge the potential demand for global photovoltaic in the medium to long term, the construction time for photovoltaic projects is shorter, the end demand is more resilient, and the price of the industrial chain is falling to stimulate rapid growth in global photovoltaic demand.
There will be some reversal in the price of the industrial chain, a certain increase in the cycle leading up to the pre-photo-parity price of the overall industry price, and some uncertainty about the arrival and release of the new multi-crystal silicon production of the newcomers, which we judge to be falling in step style over the next 1-2 years. The company, as the leader of the multi-crystal silicon and battery chain, is long at the heart of the chain of the main industry.
This year, the company formally made a major leap forward in components, up-stream industrial silicon, and accelerated integration, effectively smoothing the industries associated with a decline in individual profits Performance pressures, increasing the company's growth in the luminous field, and valuations are expected to compete with the company's core in the light manufacturing industry.
The market believes that the company’s short-term low-cost strategy will lead to a deterioration of the pattern. While the company’s entry into the component will change the current pattern, we judge more as a positive change in further head concentration.
With a relatively mature concentration of about 70.3% in 2021, there is still some room for the leading firms in integrated components to move up the market by virtue of their significant advantages in brands, channels, inputs, and size. Components are typical industrial products, with a higher degree of homogenization and higher price sensitivity. We believe that the company's management strategy is once again reflected in the company's entry into the component chain at this stage.
The company's performance has increased over the last two years, its cash is strong, its management system is excellent, and it is expected to rapidly build teams, both within and outside the country, and to guarantee high productivity in battery business, short-term companies.
It is hoped that the share will be obtained quickly by means of a relatively low-price strategy. From the recent winning price, the price gap between companies and front-line head producers has narrowed, and there is less likelihood of long-term malignant low-price competition in a context of high end demand.
Forage products began, and the deep-cultivated light-voltage industry developed into a “silicon plus battery” double-head for many years, with advanced components, industrial silicon perfected, photo-voltage integrated industrial layouts. The company was established in 1995 to work in the feed-processing industry at an early stage, and was listed on the roll in 2004.
On 1 February 2008, Sichuan Yongxiang acquired 50% of the shares. In July of the same year, Yongxiang launched a multi-crystal silicon project of 200 tons of multi-crystal silicon production, marking the production of the first multi-crystal silicon product by Tungwei. 870 million yuan in 2013 was acquired for the compost Sewi, which was officially launched in November of the same year.
In November 2015, shares were issued to the Tonway Group to purchase 100% of the Tonway New Energy holdings and 99.999% of the Tonway shares. In May 2016, shares were issued to the Tonway Group to purchase 100% of the Tonway holdings. Since then, the Tonway shares have consolidated the Group’s new energy business (silicon plus batteries plus photovoltaic plants).
The pace of production expansion accelerated in 2017, with investments announced in January 2017 in the construction of 4gw high-efficiency silicon cells per year; in March 2017 in the construction of 50,000 tons of high-purity polysilicon per year; and in November 2017 in the construction of 20gw high-efficiency silicone cells.
By the end of 2018, the company ' s silicon production had reached 70,000 tons, the world ' s top three, and the battery ' s 12gw, the world ' s first. Companies continued to increase their tracking and research and development investment in new battery technologies, with the company ' s hjt battery development line in June 2019.
On 23 September 2022, the company issued an announcement for investment in a 25gw high-efficiency photovoltaic component project in salt cities, presageing the company's official large-scale advance in the field of components, and according to its network of officials, the company currently has 230,000 tons of annual production capacity for multi-crystal silicon; solar cells produce over 54gw per year;
Production capacity of 15gw, in order to further consolidate the status of high-purity crystallized silicon and the global tap of solar cells, is planned for 2024-2026, with a net crystallized silicon and a cumulative solar cell capacity of 8 million to 1 million tons and 130 to 150gw, respectively, integrated into the entire industry chain.
1.2 Agriculture, photovoltaic dual-drive companies focus on agriculture and photovoltaic manufacturing. The company now deals mainly with agricultural feed and photovoltaic crystalline silicon, electrical plate plate blocks, while at the same time focusing on the development and construction of “fishing as one” on a scale at the end of the application.
On the other hand, on 23 September 2022, the company announced the construction of a 25gw high-efficiency photovoltaic component project, which is expected to invest about $4 billion in fixed capital to improve the photovoltaic integration.
The company actually controls Liu Han Won, the Ame couple, and as of 2022 q3, holds 43.85% of the total indirect shares through the Tonway Group. Liu Han Won served as chairman of the company’s board of directors for the first to sixth sessions.
Chairman of the board of directors and member of the seventh board of directors of the company. There are more than 80 fully-owned subsidiaries of the company, of which the photovoltaic plates are mainly produced and operated by Yongxiang shares, turbo solar energy and turbo new energy sources, while the remaining subsidiaries are responsible for research on feed products, the company is pushing forward Amiba’s operations, upgrading the level of fine management, and achieving efficiency gains in operation and sustainability.
Environmental safety presupposes a comprehensive upgrading of the information level, the creation of intelligent and intelligent plants, and the implementation of comprehensive safety standardization