China Sea Oil Clothes (601808) Petroleum petrochemicals
The net profit of the mother now stands at $1.34 billion, compared with 21.1 per cent for the previous quarter, q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 q2 = 10.42 billion, q2 = $10.4 billion, = $10.4 billion, = $10.4 billion, = US$2 billion, = US$2 billion, = US$1 million, = US$240 million, = US$1 million, = US$1 million, = US$1 million, = US$1 million.
2023h1, drilling services collect 54.3 per cent of the high-speed growth of the technical services plate, mainly due to the sustained recovery of the global market for fuel-coats, while companies innovate in the implementation of “research, produce, use, and adapt” technology closing systems to promote efficient transformation and output of research results, many of which are the main sources of efficiency.
Self-research technology has been successfully applied and core competitiveness has been increasing. The efficiency gains have been significant, and profitability has been gradually restored. 2023h1 Māori rates and net interest rates have been managed separately.
Continued increase in scientific inputs and technological adaptations to reduce costs through self-contained instruments and technologies, mainly due to interest rate fluctuations in financial markets affecting interest-rate expenditures, combined with a decrease in exchange rate fluctuations affecting exchange rate gains, a robust recovery in global upstream investment in hydrocarbons and a favourable upturn in the garment industry. 2023H1 Brent crude oil prices are on average.
79.9 US$ per barrel, 23.9% of the year, the average price of Wti crude oil was $74.8 per barrel, 26.5% of the year, and international oil prices fell, but remained relatively high since 2015. High oil prices drive up upstream capital spending, and the oil garment industry is expected to continue to improve.
Capital expenditure and operating expenditure (including pipelines and ng) together amounted to $113 trillion, an increase of 23 per cent and $1.36 trillion over the same period. Expenditure on marine oil capital in Middle 20231 was $56.51 billion, an increase of 35.9 per cent over the same period.
13 times the 30.2 per cent compound increase in net profit returns over the next three years, with the company being the lead in domestic marine oils, to 1 China Sea oils: the lead in marine oils, benefiting from the recovery in industry of 1.1 integrated oil field service providers, and the whole industry chain of operations.
China Sea oil suits are one of the largest integrated oilfield service providers in the world. The company was established in 2001 and is listed in two locations in Hong Kong, with more than 50 years of experience in marine oil and gas exploration, development and production. Operations include surveying, drilling, oil field technology and shipboards, with the most powerful marine oil service equipment in the Asia-Pacific region, and is a global oil field suit.
Professional companies with the most complete industrial chain in the business sector, led by geological oil deposits, with the added value of customer assets at their core, using the full chain of technological service advantages, provide a life-cycle solution for customers, covering China ' s maritime areas and extending to Asia-Pacific, Middle East, Americas, Europe, Africa and the Far East, covering more than 40 countries and regions around the world.
Figure 1: The company has a complete service chain and a strong pool of offshore petroleum service equipment (by the end of 2022) 46 self-propelled platforms, 15 semi-submarine platforms, including, inter alia, surveying wells, drilling fluids, direction wells,
5 tugboats, 4 submarine seismological vessel, more than 170 specialized ships in support of maritime operations > > provide drilling rigs, modular drilling rigs, drilling platform management
4 integrated marine engineering cruise ships, deep water operations, and the provision of offshore oil and gas exploration, exploitation, exploitation, etc.
Construction of works and production of oil/gas fields to provide comprehensive oil storage research, programme design, product manufacturing, marine seismic exploration and marine engineering survey services
The total share of the company's core operations is over 80%. The company's services span the phases of offshore oil and gas exploration, development and production, and the main operations are divided into material exploration and engineering services, drilling services, and drilling services.
Oilfield technical services and ship services have grown faster. Field technology services have grown faster. In 2018-2022, the rapid growth of oil field technology has been largely due to a sustained recovery in the global market for garments, a marked increase in the same volume of work, while companies have focused on efficient output and transformation of research results, increasing core competitiveness and technological effectiveness, and successful applications of many self-research technologies.
Sub-operations show that the Māori rate of the oil field technology plate is relatively high. In 2022, the company ' s technical services in oil fields, the impact of the adjustment of drilling suits, and the cost of material consumption, subcontracting expenses, etc., increased on a par. 1.2. Market openings are actively pursued, with robust growth in performance.
In 2020, the company managed to collect $28,966 million, a 7.0 per cent decrease in the year, due to the combination of the outbreak and oil price fluctuations. In 2021, the company lost 88.4 per cent of its net profit per year.
13.40 billion yuan, an increase of 21.1 per cent over the same period, and the faster performance growth, mainly as a result of the global warming of the garment industry, has been accompanied by an increase in the volume of work on major lines of business. Internationalization strategies have been steadily advancing, with significant growth in overseas revenues.
On the ground, with a domestic base, the Middle East and South-East Asia as its flanks, the “1+2+n” markets in Europe, the Americas, Africa and other regions have been driven to achieve high-speed growth, mainly by companies focusing on key customers abroad, focusing on market opportunities, insisting on large-scale, long-cycle, high-value integration projects and increasing strategic customer development.
The Māori rate for domestic operations has remained relatively high, and the Māori rate for overseas operations has recovered slightly. In 2022, Māori rates for non-domestic operations were lower, mainly because of the higher transport costs associated with the movement of large-scale equipment from one region to another, companies have been deepening their large equipment management programmes, and the Māori rate for future overseas markets is expected to improve further.
In 2021, affected by the epidemic and instability in the industry, the company ' s 0.4 percentage points, the Maori rate and the net interest rate were restored thanks, on the one hand, to the company ' s commitment to cost-management-related work, its efforts to promote the efficient management of the basic operating units and its continuous improvement in governance effectiveness, and, on the other hand, to the company ' s increasing investment in scientific research.
Increase in the transformation of owned technology to reduce cost levels through own instruments and technologies, with 2023h1 achieving a reduction of $320 million. Since 2018, there has been a downward trend in the cost of the company ' s lifetime. The 2023h1 period cost has been 6.3 per cent, an increase of 0.9 percentage points, mainly due to higher interest-rate fluctuations in financial markets, while exchange rate fluctuations have affected exchange rates.
The decrease in revenues resulted in an increase of 0.9 percentage points in financial costs over the same period. 1.3 Relying on China Sea oil, the equity structure is clearly stable.
Oil Group Ltd., with 50.53% shareholding: Hong Kong Central Clearing (Agent) Ltd. is the company’s second largest shareholder, with 37.91% shareholding. The company relies on China Sea oil and treats it as its core customer.
1) A robust recovery in global upstream investment in hydrocarbons, the continued expansion of the oil field services market, and corporate self-researching instruments and technologies 2) For nearly two years, companies have focused on cost management, which cuts through the chain of operations through the establishment of systematic, structural and long-lasting mechanisms. The overall Māori ratio of companies is expected to continue in 2023-2025.
After considering the scope of operations, three companies listed in the garment industry were selected for valuation purposes, namely, China Oil Engineering, Jerry's shareholding, and Sea Oil Engineering. The company is expected to return net profits of 34.1, 43.5 million yuan to its mother in 2023-2025 and to grow at a compound rate of 30.2 per cent over the next three years, taking into account the company's three-year compound growth rate and its position as the company's marine pipeline.
Risk of fluctuations in international oil prices: The volatility of international oil prices can have a direct impact on the capital spending of hydrocarbon companies, and hence on the volume of purchase orders and operating income of the OTC.
There is a risk that exchange rate fluctuations may have an impact on the company’s performance. Offshore operations are not as risky as expected: there is a risk of uncertainty about the company’s operations abroad, such as sales, services, investments, etc., as a result of the political and economic environment in the offshore countries, changes in fiscal policy, and public safety abroad.
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.