The brand, the bottom of the product, the readiness of the thousand-dollar dragons, 300, the white wine index, 18 and 21 per cent, and the marked discounts compared to the price in Guizhou, are, in our view, subject to the magnanimity of the economy, capital markets are priced in a biased manner based on short-term acceleration; at the operational level, the balance is long.
The quality of the development period, the appropriate rate of income decline, and the eight-generation Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fu-Fu-Fu-Fu-Fu-Fu-Fu-Fu-Fu-Fu-Fu-Fu-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E.
In the long run, the white wine industry has entered the phase of integrated factor competition, and the alcohol industry has passed the time when it relies on a single advantage for its share; the five grains have a strong reputation for quality alcohol production, the product structure continues to be optimized, and the national system of channels is perfected.
The company set 2024 as its “marketing year” with a series of reforms, and its growth performance is being activated. Thousands of price leaders, with growing growth tools, are becoming more abundant and secure.
The 52-week maximum price/minimum price of the wing product 5-fluoride 1618 and 39-degree-carrying 8-generation fluids have taken up more of the competitive market, and there is a new potential for growth in the feast market, which has contributed to the further optimization of the price of 8-generation fluids, in the near future.
The company introduced 45 degrees and 68 degrees of five grain fluid, and its competitive strategy became clearer; the wine series (especially the spring of five grains) also entered the growth path after being fully adjusted. Super-high-end products were steadily nurtured, and classic five-food fluids were strategically strong, actively building new growth poles.
The collapse of the era of massive fixed-asset investment, and the logic of the white industry’s large monolithic rise in prices, seeking to break the ton price upwards and building new growth poles are new topics for the industry. It is clear that the five grains brand is superior, making the classic five-food fluids the firm’s second-growth curve, and we think it's classic.
High probability of success in the five-generation fluids: 1) led by the matai, the super-high-end market is still in the blue-seabed phase; 2) After several years of market competition, and the 2024 inflated and price-raising strategy for the eight-generation five-generation fluids, the wholesale price of the first 1,000-bit segment was above $900, reflecting the strength of the five-generation liquids.
" Five grain fluids (000858.sz) - Quarterly income growth of 12%, cost-side continuous and streamlined operational experience, classic five-food fluids using a platforming and annualized operating model. " Five grain fluids (000858.sz) " , 2023, with steady growth in supply of and demand for gin in dragon years.
"Five grain fluids (000858.sz) - Distributors Assembly boosts confidence and makes every effort to boost access." "Five grain fluids (000858.sz) - For the first time in the history of major shareholders, the value of the bottom configuration is highlighted.
Why do companies have value discounts? How do you see the value of their investments? How do you see the chances of a classic five-year food success? We think about the growth dynamics and growth space of companies, and we write this report for two reasons: 1)
Deep brand bottoms and high-quality products are the core competitiveness of companies, with markets giving excessive weight to bulk prices and short-term increases at the bottom of the industry, ignoring the external environment, the constraints on the public sector at the enterprise development stage, and underestimating the power of brands; as a result, the last two years have been marked by a positive test of brand power.
Evidence, the speed of delivery and consumer propriety of the company ' s products are ahead of the same price. 2) The company has a reform margin and the firm ' s size effects are not yet fully released, and we believe that there is much room for growth in revenue and higher profitability as the company ' s market shorts are gradually being filled.
The logic of this report follows in the following order:
On the other hand, a combination of long-term development quality, appropriate income slowdown, and eight-generation five-generation solid food and fluid fundamentals are based on the best way to interpret the stock environment – to preserve strength, to develop. Combine the bottom and the edge of the company: each time a copy of history’s rapid growth is the result of reform.
A full-scale synthesizing of companies with a strong brand base, a high-quality stock of products and a vertical channel system, short-term companies are actively building channels, terminals, filling short-term consumer development, etc., and the potential for development is being activated.
Looking ahead to the future growth path: the 1,000-bit pattern is stable and still in the maturation phase, the five-year-olds are stable, the eight-generation five-generation fluids will continue to benefit, and the company’s revenue base will remain stable. On the other hand, the logic of a large single-size price increase is weakening, and a number of alcoholics are actively building new growth poles to prolong the enterprise’s life cycle.
The Division has already set aside products such as 1618, 5-point, 39-degree, 5-point, gin, and Kowloon, which, while contributing their income, have sought valuable time for the development of the classic five-year-old fluid. At present, the super-high-priced scale is on the rise, while the classic five-point strategy has a high probability of success.
The price of the five grains fell by 48%, the index of the Schenjiang Liquor fell by 27%, the bottom of the 300 index fell by 30%, and the company's share price ran off to the board and plate.
In the current capital market environment, we consider the slowdown in growth to be the main cause of price discounts in corporate valuations. Macroeconomic growth has slowed, channel disturbances have increased, and procyclical assets have been subject to market questioning.
There have been a number of changes in the behaviour of fee-payers and channels: consumer pessimism is expected to raise the price-to-price claims: channel-side advantages, business models, high turnover rates, eight-generation five-generation grain fluids, crystal swords, etc., fast-tracking micro-profits, while investors based on high-frequency channel data (refunds, stocks, batches) invest positions in white wine plates
The market worries are magnified by the natural fall in the price of the eight-generation batches, and when the channels enter the microfiche phase. As a high-end white wine, the price of the batches lags behind, the market fears that the industry will re-emerge in the period 2013-2015, and that the value of the five grains in the last three years will be reasonable: we believe that, as the company grows, it is subject to macroeconomics, capital markets.
Pricing based on short-term acceleration, and conflating the problems at the channel level to price management is biased. At the operational level, taking into account the quality of long-term development, the appropriate rate of income decline, and the eight-generation five-generation food basket, is based on the best solution of the stock environment – preservation of power, development in search of development.
The size effect is not fully reflected in the bottom of the 25-cent diet label, which is being activated, and the size of the five grain fluids is weaker than in Guizhou. At 82%, less than in Guizhou (91% in 2023), the scale effect of nationalized sales is not sufficient.
In the spring of 2024, the company focused on marketing, with eight-generation, five-degree, five-degree, five-degree, five-point, five-time, and so on.
Rapid growth, while well-opened, was accompanied by time for corporate reform, and companies are being activated. 2.1 Recapitulated history: all the rapid stages of development have been the result of reform. Reverse the last three decades: all the rapid stages of corporate growth have been the result of reform.
We divided it into four phases, known as the alcohol deposition period (1958-1990), the boom period (1991-2010), the depth adjustment period (2011-2016), and the second start-up period (2017-present). At different stages in the white wine industry, the core of the market competed, and company reforms evolved over time; and the external environment in successive cycles.
Until 1998, the expansion of production, the binding of large businesses, and the rapid marketing of products. In the early stages of our industry’s development, the core competitive element in the industry was to upgrade the supply of products to meet consumer demand, and companies were selling them at a price that was not enough.
The market has accelerated its expansion, with the company ' s annual capacity reaching 90,000 tons in 1994 and the introduction of a large-scale system and annual corporate income/net profit cagr reaching 45.4 per cent/36.6 per cent, respectively.
Create a core brand matrix of "1+3+n" food fluids, guarantee the profitability of distributors, organize the creation of seven regional marketing centres with access control, and boost confidence in the war zones. As business exchanges become more active, take a proper look at their competitive position -- former soldiers, then pursuers.
A series of reform measures, such as cards, organizations, channels, incentives, focused on strategic monolithics, push channels, flattening & fine-tuning, reshaping the price relationship, etc., and the consolidation of the core advantages of the previously cumbersome, submerging, slow recovery of the channels.
The Department's reform effects have been recognized by the market, with a strong recovery in fundamentals and flattening of corporate income/net profits channels between 2017 and 2020: 1) Implementation of the “Houssands for the Strengthening of the Five Grains Specialized Shops” project, which resulted in the upgrading of direct outlets at the end of 2021;
More than 1,500; 2) “Remedial programme”, • continued to optimize the distribution structure, and in 2007 companies made significant progress towards the establishment of seven regional marketing centres in 2012.
(b) The environment has put pressure on companies to help channel enterprises buy channels and promote the transformation of the channel brand management model into a regional management model;
(a) Construction of three major digital traders to reduce vulnerability, create innovative incentives, address flattening, fine-tune channels, and increase marketing flattening
Platforms; 2) full-scale import of the under-profit model of the “control board” distributors, distributors, dealers, consumers.
Lead to " dumb bells " . Modify the plan, issue the price, publicly issue the stock and shareholding plan.
Staff motivation, coupled with deep binding and core distributor interests 2.2 The firm has a strong bottom and a strong core advantage.
After decades of development, the white wine industry has entered a phase of integrated competition (competition in terms of products, production, organization, channels, brands, etc.), and the “one-size-fits-all” era, in which the share of a single advantage is available, has passed and the future industry will continue to perform as the “strong man” and the share will continue to concentrate on the head alcohol industry, which has a strong capacity.
We believe that the competitive advantage of the F5 is still clear, that the capital market is based on short-term growth, pricing the F5 is based on short-term growth, and that the history of the competition in the white wine industry goes through the following stages: until 1994: the seller's market, supply- and demand-driven. The white wine industry is in the initial stages of development, and policy is still in place.
Given the scarcity of products, such as food, price regulation, and the need for companies to reach consumers and develop their awareness, adequate capacity (as determined by food, process) and abundant products are among the core competing elements of the wine industry, which has a productive advantage and is born of wine companies such as Shanxi, Henan and Shandong, which are close to the raw materials.
* 1994-2012: Information asymmetric buyer markets, driven by channels. When our economy was at a rapid stage of development, the demographic dividend was abundant, and the white wine industry was approaching a decade of gold development, which was open to consumers.
There is a rapid increase in the choice of products. Alcohol companies actively nurture channels on the basis of existing products, promote high-profile advertising, increase the exposure of channels, capture the share of distributors and end markets through higher profits, and run out of companies that are represented by five grains and rivers.
2013-present: Information symmetrical buyer markets, brand-driven. At the macro-environmental level, demographic dividends are decreasing, households are becoming smaller, the white wine industry is experiencing policy adjustments, business scene demands are increasing, the whole is moving to a high-quality stage of development, consumers are demanding high-quality branding, high-quality products.
The ability to evolve into a variety of brands, products, organizations, channels, etc. has led to the emergence of brands such as Mao Dai and Cemetery, which are represented by 2.2.1: the genetics of wine, the population has a better base, the 8th name of wine, and the combination of brands is prominent.
The brewing technique dates back to the Tang Tang's "Big Leather", and the white wine made out of rice, sorghum, sorghum, wheat, corn was first formed at the end of China, officially known as the "Five Grains". The five grains were ranked first among the eight wines at the second National Wine Conference in 1963, and at the subsequent three editions.
In Global Brand 500 Values 2023, released in January of that year, five grains were ranked 59th at $30.290 billion in brand value, raising branding to the highest level in the world, aaa+. Ten thousand tons, about 4.7 times the base, meant that products reached consumer groups more frequently; in the 1990s,
The company had achieved annual sales levels of around 100,000 tons (about 10,000 tons in the year before and after 2007) and, although it had buried the more redundant ills of the sku at that time, the objective five-fruit brand developed and eliminated the annual five-fruit income share of 27.3 per cent, with a strong fragrant head position.
Unlike the market, we believe that brand influence needs to be balanced with price, and that there has not been a significant decline in food and liquid brand power over the past six years compared to your state. We define the brand influence of consumer companies as a function of sales volume and channel wholesale prices, and the current market valuation gives higher weights to price factors, but for the eighth generation and fifth generation.
Food fluids, products per se, are weaker than the financial properties of the flying pads, their end demand is dominated by consumer bottled drinking, and the increase in sales reflects higher consumer penetration rates and a stronger consumption climate.
The combined brand value growth rate of $1.555.51 billion in 2017-2023 was 14.5/17.4 per cent, and the brand influence of the eight-generation five-generation grain fluids did not decline significantly.
2.2.2 Production capacity: There is sufficient capacity for the production of Quality Products The Quality of Quality Alcohol Production is good, and the rate of Quality Drinking is steadily rising. As the concept of consumption “less alcohol, good alcohol” deepens, future consumers will be in a position to pursue good quality products on a continuous basis, and production will be key to quality, we believe.
High-quality alcohol production is influenced by the combined capacity of the alcohol industry and the high-quality alcohol production rate: based on the existing capacity, there have been five large-scale expansions in the company’s history, with more than 32,000 silos.
Since the start of the second business, the company has started a “high-quality multiplier project” that has increased its capacity from production planning, storage of raw alcohol, and intelligent transformation, of which the company's first phase of the “100,000 tons of brewing techniques” was officially launched at the end of 2023 and is expected to reach its total capacity by the end of the 1450th century.
Two hundred thousand tons, and the storage capacity of the wine has broken out by one million tons. We believe that the quality of the alcohol and product in future competition in the white wine industry will be one of the key factors, and that the quality of the wine is proportional to the time at the altar, so that sufficient capacity for the production and storage of the alcohol will provide security for companies to produce quality products.
According to the rate of quality wine, 1) the rate of quality wine wine is associated with the size of the cellar, 5 grains of liquid have the highest number of 100-year-old cellar ponds in the country (174) with 60-75 per cent merit; over 50 years of success; 679 in the old cellar, with 30 per cent merit. 2) The company relies on the unique natural ecological environment and long-term history.
In recent years, the company’s high-quality drinking rate has been increasing, and the overall high-quality alcohol production rate has grown from the warm and wet stubble climate in the city of Eben, with an appropriate climate, a sufficient number of sunny days, a low temperature and a high humidity;
There are six high-quality types of soil that are rich in rice, fresh soil, purple soil, etc., and are suitable for five grain crops.
(b) The soil contains more than 150 micro-organisms, balanced growth and reproduction, comprehensive wine and unique wine.
(b) The sorghum grown in purple soil, which is a sorghum of sorghum, and contains much of the starch powder, which is unique to the five grains.
The use of unique “packaged fermentants” as carriers of air and soil micro-organisms for esterification and biomechanisms;
The company’s existing high quality and well-stocked base of alcohol is key to safeguarding its ability to produce excellent products. We quantify the stock of high-quality alcohol, with a book value of $16.56 billion in alcohol and a liquor bank as of the end of 2023.
A total of 208,000 tons, with an average tonnage of $795,000, are at a higher level in the industry. Half-finished products in the inventory represent products that can be sold in essentially serviceable condition by cutting, filling and packaging. Half-finished goods in the inventory amount to $11.54 billion, while half-finished goods in the inventory amount to 16 million tons, at an average tonnage price.
7.21 million yuan, with a higher value than pao (6.69 million yuan per ton, with most of the high quality wines being finished), and Xiaozhou cellars (21.13 million yuan per ton, with a higher range of alcohol in stock). The above data confirm the higher value of corporate alcohol, the higher judgement quality of the alcohol, and the higher quality of alcohol security for high-end product production and tweaking.
The company ' s annual report, 2023, had inventory value as book value, of which half-finished products were included in the product: eight-generation five-generation food fluids and a full product matrix.
Since its second entrepreneurship in 2017, the corporate product strategy has become more focused, with the company now forming two core brands, the "Five Foods and Liquids" (1+3) and the "Five Foods and Fragrances" series of wines. New products are developed in parallel with old ones, with a greater focus on larger monolithics, with an improved product structure.
(i) In the context of the "Five Foods and Liquids " branding, work on improving the "1+3" product system, and consolidate the branding influence of the "Five Foods" at the higher end and in the super-high end markets, the structure of the "1+3" product has been gradually stabilized: "1" is the core single product for eight generations.
Liquids, consisting of two flank products, low five grain fluids and 1618 (May 2024, 45 degrees, 68 degrees five grain fluids are on the market); “3” is in the pyramid of the pyramid, with the top finger of 501,500 grain fluids represented by the cellar series, the waist of which represents the year series of the classic five grain fluids, and the Taki custom-made wine series for culture (in ips, events, regions, regions, etc.).
Culture, cross-border themes. 8 generations of super-species, positioning 1,000-bit prices, and the development of classic products in the five grains, have sunk solid consumer brand recognition for more than 100 years.
In the spring of 2019, eight-generation five-generation fluids were re-listed, upgrading quality, packaging, forgery prevention, etc., and marketing.
With the resonance of the business climate, the profits and confidence of the distributors have improved. Classic five-food fluids are super-highly positioned, their brand value returns, classic five-food fluids have strategic significance, or become a single item for the company to open up the super-high-end white wine market. Classic five-food products.
The liquid was launched in September 2020 as a strategic, high-end single product, and the Chinese model of high-end fragrance white wine has reinforced the character of the “era” in various ways, highlighting the “classic” features, such as the mouth-sense features that add Chen to the style of the five grains, the packaging of which is based on the historical fourth generation of the “meal bottle”, and the design of the extreme age.
The five grain master brands have grown largely driven by volume growth over the past few years, and eight-generation five-generation liquids have developed broad consumer awareness in the $1,000 price belt, with classic five-food fluids operating strategically or promising to improve the structure of high-end liquor products of the company. Figure 19: Five-food master brands have grown largely driven by volume increases
In March 2019, the company officially released the “501 Five-Five Grains” product, which is limited to the five-sulf 501 workshop, the Ming Guen Chili, and the 30-year-old experienced brewer.
Each year, 501 bottles are sold on a limited annual basis, each with a corresponding limit number, supply is extremely scarce, and market retail prices are set at 100,000 degrees or more. The 501 million grain fluids are dedicated to setting the company's super-high-end price poles, enabling the collection properties of the liquid products of the five grains, for a series of years.
Further roll-out of the complementary product matrix of the fresh-boiled products. Figure 21: Four new strains of new microbes found in the quarries of the five grains, high-value-added non-barrel track, and strong branding culture since 2020.
The product team, after about three years of touchmaking, the ability to design corporate first-hand wines, the amount of money that has been stored, the quality of non-bills, such as wines, cultural wines, creative wines, etc., are more drinking, socialization, culture, investment, and collection value than ordinary products. In 2023, the company ' s non-labeled products were focused on kpi, sharing the core bulk eight.
The growth pressure of the five-year-old food fluids has been followed by the introduction of the five-future panda and US-China series and the purple-tung series of conceptualized products, with clear quantitative limits on sales and increased ip scarcity. (ii) With regard to the series of wine products, resources have been focused on building large single items throughout the country, and the value of the five grain brands has been magnified.
In the past few years, the wine series has been consolidated, retreated, focused, and the product structure upgraded. In 2019, the five-food company completed the consolidation, reshaping four national brands and four regional brandings; since 2022, the product strategy has been further shifted to four national singles, with homogenization sku being thinned, integrated planning management and input.
In March 2023, the company called Ying Bin Five Foods and Favourite Liquor Company Ltd. further weakened the concept of the series, highlighting the value of the “fragrance” brand, and achieving conceptual resonance with the main brand, thereby enhancing the overall branding of the Fukugi.
The country's four major brands cover price belts and are increasingly well-positioned. 1) The five-food springs have been successfully replaced by a “good living brand” ip, which is planned to expand the market this year with a feast policy; 3) the five-food specializations, high-end multi-food liquor, with gold colours as a single item, and artistic activities as an enabler of branding culture; 4) the cutting edges are being streamlined across the board.
After sku, it will continue to push up light, control glory, and refill boxes, while strengthening core terminal construction. Currently, the five grain-rich spice line is largely in place and it is expected to contribute steadily to income and profit growth in the future. Channel 2.2.4: Establishment of a stereo distribution system to optimize the structure of traditional distributors
The company has a nationwide distribution system, which builds a stereo-based distribution system. After many years of development, the Department has now established a more developed national distribution system, structured around 60% of which is distributed through distribution channels, while increasing the direct share to provide the company with the ability to operate its consumers.
In terms of distribution models, companies continue to optimize their distribution structure, based on traditional operators, supplemented by a five-storey supply chain base that expands the distribution channels around the ka mall, etc. In terms of direct marketing models, companies continue to focus on the acquisition channels of the group, upgrading the five grain and fluid stores and supplementing them.
The company's control of the new industry channels has been enhanced and direct sales revenue has stabilized at around 40%. At present, the company's downline sales channels cover Chinadong, Chinaxi, South China, North China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China,
Building a dumb-belled distributor structure – “big business, big business, small business, small and beautiful” – corporate communication continues to optimize the distribution channel structure, laying a solid foundation for long-term price balance. Large distributors with more operating capital and resources, and a higher brand loyalty, remain the five-food and liquid distributors.
At the heart of the system. So far, the industry has developed with more diversified channels, with no absolute advantages or disadvantages for large and small businesses, and both. Largers are more risk-resistant than small ones, have more sticky brands, have more certainty about the growth of corporate performance during the period of volatile demand in the industry, and are selling.
Large-scale, large-scale, large-scale business endowments that help companies to nationalize their distribution, as well as to cooperate with companies in making markets more market-friendly, as a model for more sophisticated channels of regulation, and since their second business start-up in 2017, through the Replenishment Programme, have expanded the recruitment of 3-5 tons of small dealers, and have optimized the structure of the former distributors to reduce their exposure to excessive scale.
At the end of 2023, the number of corporate distributors stood at 3,384 (of which, five food and liquid brand distributors, 2,570), representing a net increase of 240 compared to the same period in the previous year, with the top five clients accounting for 13.6% of their sales earnings and at a benign and stable level.
Digital tools enable channels to manage and improve the efficiency of channel controls. To match the sales of the eight-generation five-generation grain fluids, the company's digitized management system, which binds the “box-box-inline” three-yards, closely monitors the flow of goods through the “distributor-end shop-consumer” layer, and provides a vendor-storey.
The management of the market order, such as storage, prices, and so on, achieves a redistribution of profits from the channel. In this case, the dynamic credits obtained by the distributor after the scavenging are linked to the year-round evaluation, and the corresponding endpoint after the consumer's scavenging is rewarded: at the same time, the company screens the market by monitoring the flow of products to the data, giving the dealer of good quality.
With bonuses, quotas, penalties, clean-up of non-regulated distributors, improvement of market order control rates, and guaranteed product prices are on the right track. Group buying grants are excellent, bearing the main increase in direct sales channels.
Natural advantages: 1) The activities of the White Liquor Manufacturers and others require the use of the social, financial and other resources of the regional nuclei; the company ' s high-quality nuclei, which have in recent years been tied to the interests of the nuclei by improving its structure, improving its profitability, strengthening its supervision, etc., and facilitating the mobilization of local nuclei, core ideas, etc.
2) High-quality social resources such as leaders. 2) High-level awareness of the five grains brand, eight-generation "hard currency" in the market, lower cost of consumer education in group purchasing and easier import and nurturing of ultra-high-end products. In recent years, companies have collaborated on an annual basis in 2020-2023 through such activities as business development cooperation, quality assurance meetings, etc.
In 2024, the company reduced its traditional channel quota by 20% (based on actual sales in 2023), which is expected to account for the bulk of the increase.
The fifth generation of special stores has successfully landed, further strengthening consumer ties and forming the bulk of the “small and American” business. By the end of 2022, the number of specialized stores nationwide stood at 1662. In 2023, the fifth generation of specialized stores was upgraded and successfully settled in Guangzhou, Shanghai, Fujian, Gansu, etc., with a greater emphasis on brand history and product culture than the fourth generation.
Special stores will continue to be the focus of the company’s future direct business, with a budget of $200 million for 2023-2024, with the goal of covering the core business circles of the highland market, increasing marketing conversion rates, while continuing to fill the empty market, with the number of stores expected to outpace 2,500 by 2025.
In contrast to the role of cultural experience stores, which are large and focus on the immersion experience of big foods and fluid brands, the specialized stores are “small and fine” and combine reception, presentation, identification, etc., with enhanced marketing functions.
Table 9: Corporate reform initiatives since 2021 in different channels of direct marketing patterns Group buying channels, cultural experience houses, specialized shop reform initiatives Establishment of a new retail company dedicated to creating a “vertical eco-enabling platform” as one for brand promotion platforms, product marketing platforms, consumer interaction platforms and online market management platforms
In 2020, the "brand promotion, core consumer development" project focused on the construction of cultural experiential shops in Sichuan Chengdu, Xianxian, etc., proposing new growth points, such as the creation of enterprise-level shopping, the continuous improvement of the form and content of the meetings, and the continued growth of the circles of opinion leaders, such as classic five-food fluids entering the first line of cities, the hosting of merit conferences in provincial capitals, vip exclusive testing;
In 2021, a strategic collaboration was reached with the Huaiang Group, Jili Group, Shenzhen Heart Club, among others, to build a network of group purchasing led by leading companies and serving thousands of businesses across the country.
:: Continue to optimize the traditional distribution structure in 2022, enhance the scarcity of high-quality distribution rights for five grains, enhance the benefits of high-quality distributors and build closer communities of interests
The incorporation of special stores into direct distribution channels, the acceleration of the construction of smart shops 2.0, the upgrading of consumer end-of-service capacity, and the further promotion of exclusive stores as the core position of direct service clients c. The firm will focus its annual efforts on the promotion of direct-camp construction. The company will upgrade the market image and end-of-service sales around the “three stores” (three shops: “five grains and one million” terminal, 2023 elephant shops, five grains and liquid stores, cultural experience stores, one “five grains and wines”) to further strengthen the consumer experience.
The country's first five-generation officially authorized special stores have been established in Guangzhou, and in 2023 they completed the promotion of the fifth-generation stores, accelerated the construction of smart shops, and continued to expand the empty market layout.
On the one hand, we believe that the company has its own business model, with brands and product power at its core, relying on high-quality firms for national marketing; on the other hand, since the start of the second enterprise, each company has had its own business model.
Reform measures have been effectively put in place, with product focus, structural upgrading, super-high-performance, flattening of channels, diversification and fine-tuning, which have largely solved the historical problems of product redundancy and management of channels, while steadily adjusting the channel structure.
In terms of sales staff, companies value talent incentives, which in 2023 accounted for 4.7% of sales staff and labour for sales costs in 2019-2023.
On the front-line marketing team, the company optimizes and implements its “Headquarters, War Fields” strategy and strengthens its ability to implement it in situ: Decentralization of resources such as human assets, performance appraisals, emergency decision-making, and full activation of the first battalion
(a) The subjective dynamics of the marketing team to address the pains of the slow market response;
Improving the performance appraisal system for marketing personnel, making the examination of distributors more flexible, further developing the mechanism for high-level contacts in the war zones and incorporating the examination of kpi as of January 2023, promoting co-construction by manufacturers, with a focus on addressing under-profit issues among dealers.
The year was devoted to promoting profit from the channels and ensuring their efficiency; the spring of 2024, which was centred on marketing, kept growing faster for eight generations, five grain fluids, five grain fluids, five grain fluids, and five grain springs, while opening the doors successfully, also sought time for corporate reform.
Upgraded by $50; optimized product structure, channel structure, market structure, using big data moves to adjust quotas to boost sales power; emphasized the scarcity of the FFA brand and effectively implemented control points; and further strengthened brand culture in marketing, using FFA brands, quality advantages, and collaboration with operators.
Together, we will develop enterprise-level shopping, build marketing associations, such as the Association of Dealers, the Association of Excellence, and other market-building activities, help with end-marketing, and consolidate market shares. In addition, innovative incentives, through digitalization, will provide incentives and sanctions for distributors; and company “1218” in 2023.
In 2024, the company will continue its 2023-year centralized approach, focusing on market order, differentiated product sales, market occupancy, etc.
Billion, together with the elimination of the loss-subsidization mechanism of 1618, to encourage distributors to profit from the price differentials of their products.
Senior managers take the lead in researching the market, adopting a variety of approaches; the “Twelve Measures” of the Kaori Corporation; and the wide-ranging launch, dinner party with distributors! Innovative Star Terminal Assessment, Scanning Awards and Policies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
• To encourage end-to-end extension of the feasts, with a 30 per cent + increase in the number and 50 per cent increase in the number of promotional sales during the course of the year;
Addressing 14 concerns of over 300 distributors (dealer access, portfolio management, cost validation, account queries, electronic contracts, 1218 ratings, etc.) 2023 & 2024: Increased profit for distributors, further tangible results, adherence to eight generations of five-generation traditional food and fluid channels.
We're going back to the market, we're going back to the market, we're going back to the market, we're going to do fine, we're going to get eight generations of liquid grains of good quality, we're going to keep up with the traditional distribution structure, we're going to make sure!
Quick-speed distributors gain more: Scarcity and quality distribution rights of the five grains, pre-distribution, high-frequency inspections, quarterly disks, etc.
Quotas, realization of "two matching" benefits, precision limits on the long-term interests of high-profit sellers
In 2023, the “1218” distributors put forward a 2024 marketing policy that focuses on raising the value of the five grains brands, and will raise the profile, share, and the city.
The spring of 2024 was a good start, a better price, and laid the foundation for business throughout the year. In March, sugar and wine companies responded positively, with product planning, channel management, marketing, culture building and others actively embracing market change: 1) further enriching the product matrix and strengthening it.
The positioning of the eight-generation five-generation food and fluid price anchors, which follow scarce pricing at super-high ends, increases with the intergenerational series of supplementary injections and the operation of wines, alcohols and alcohols; and 2) enhanced evaluation of marketing teams and distributors, introduction of market-based management tools, and capture of styles and cost-effectiveness.
23h2 repositioned, fast-discharged; double-digit growth during Spring 2024. Concomitant with digital management tools, in Xanxi, Gansu, four national brands, five food springs.
Xinjiang and other regions have taken a share of the region’s 200-bit share of the bottle.
(c) Optimization of end-of-pipe systems and, in principle, no increase in eighth-generation industry channels to help them build good price systems;