The two wings are growing steadily, and the hard side is becoming a hero.
• The two-wing layout continues to deepen, cast boards, waterproof growth and the rapid growth of the bone size. The income from gypsum/bones/waterproof materials increased by +25.94 per cent/+40.32 per cent/+16.17 per cent in the same year.
On the bone side, the company has a total production capacity of 488,000 tons of light steel bone, which is the largest in the world. On the waterproof business, the company has promoted 15 waterproof material production bases, the size of which is at the top of the industry.
The price of the inner gypsum plate is better transmitted, while the bone, waterproofing, is influenced by the rise in the price of bulk raw materials. Mäori q4 has been raised by the Mäori Ring, which is a hero in the face of adversity. The company q4 has 31.91% Mäori sales and 3.62 percentage points ring sales.
With a low climate and a decline in overall sales, it is still possible to transmit cost changes, increase profitability, and maintain a robust growth in income, reflecting a strong bargaining power under the company’s high-market dominance. The business cash flow has grown significantly over the same period, sustaining high-quality development.
The gold cow business, with its distribution model, maintains a long-term high quality of business. Net cash flows from corporate sex activities in 2021 amounted to $3,831 million, an increase of $1,992 million over the same period the previous year.
Under the strategic direction of Global Layout, the gypsum industry will continue to grow globally, and the bone support, water protection, and paint operations will also contribute to a sustained and rapid increase. We expect the company to build new materials in the north: a two-wing growth that is robust and a hero in the face of adversity.
Events: Companies issue annual reports for 2021. Gross operating income was 21,086 million yuan, an increase of 25.15 per cent over the same period; real net profit for mothers was 3,511 million yuan, an increase of 22.67 per cent over the same year; net profit for non-mothers was 3,414 million yuan, an increase of 22.99 per cent over the same period. Of this total, business income for the first quarter of 202104 was $5,163 million, an increase of 9.03 per cent over the same period; net profit for mothers was net profit for the same period.
The two-wing layout continues to deepen, the cast board, waterproof growth, and the rapid growth of the bone size The company has achieved operating income of $21,086 million throughout the year, an increase of 25.15 per cent compared to the same period last year.
The growth rate of the company's q1-q4 battalion, measured quarterly by 4.02 per cent over the same period, has continued to deepen, respectively, the “one wing, global layout” during which the bone business has developed significantly and the paint business has progressed.
square metres, with a total of 3,358 million square metres of effective production capacity in the market, with 74 gypsum boards covering the entire country, and the completion of the first phase of the layout of five gypsum production bases in Asia, Africa and Europe overseas. With regard to light steel bones, a total of 488,000 tons of output is available, and the company's skeletal support rate is currently rising.
In the water-proof business, the company has advanced 15 water-resistant materials production bases, and during the reporting period, the company has jointly reorganized three water-resistant enterprises, Shanghai Daian, Tianjin Ota and Chengduset. The new water-resistant base project has been piloted and water-proof operations continue to expand. In the paint business, there are new paints in the north during the reporting period.
The company has been able to open up the national layout by putting up a cardboard, completing the consolidation of the paint business, holding 100% of the Dragon and Lighthouse paint shares in the North, and a slight increase in the cardboard Maori rate, which is influenced by the price of raw materials, and the water-proof Maori rate.
In 2021, the Māori sales rate for companies was 31.83 per cent, a change of 1.85 pct; net sales interest rate was 16.85 per cent, a recovery from the Māori ring ratio of q4, mainly due to an increase in the price of the q4 cardboard product, q4 still capable of transmitting cost changes in the context of a lower industry landscape and a decline in overall sales, a rise in profitability and a steady increase in revenue,
The firm has a strong bargaining power under its high-market share. In the sub-operation, the cardboard rate was 37.26%, an increase of 1.36 percentage points in the same year, mainly because of the company’s better price increases for downstream transmission, and the company’s marketed cardboard rate was 27.35%, a decline of 9.33 percentage points in the same period, mainly in asphalt, the main raw materials for water-resistant rolls during the reporting period.
The prices of sbs modified agents, polyester basis non-carrying, etc., increased significantly. Figure 3: Māori and net interest rate changes in the single-quarter sales of new North building materials remained stable during the period. 3.71% of sales costs, year-on-year change +0.22pt; 4.84% of management costs,
The net cash flow from operating activities during the company period was $3,831 million, a significant increase of $1,992 million over the same period in the previous year, of which the net cash flow from the operation of the water-resistant materials branch was $122 million, compared to the same period in 2020.
The cash flow of the water-resistant sector also improved from $493 million during the same period last year. During this period, the company received 106.32% of the revenue, +2.39pt over the same period in the previous year, and the balance of the company ' s accounts receivable and notes receivable at the end of the period was $2,098 million, compared to figure 5: movements in the single-quarter pay and pay-as-you-go ratio for new materials in the north during the same period last year.
Figure 6: Changes in net operating cash flows in the first quarter of the new North, with further improvements in State-owned reforms, and under the strategic direction of the corporate "One Wing, Global Layout" strategy, the gypsum industry will continue to grow globally, and the bone support, waterproofing and paint operations will also contribute to a sustained and rapid pace
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board