In 2021, a yearly report was published on new materials in the north (000786.sz) and in 2021, operating revenues of $21,086 million were realized.
Increase of 25.15 per cent in the same year; net return to the mother of 3,510 million yuan, or 22.67 per cent in the same year; continued high growth in the price of gypsum plates in the company ' s cardboard operations in 2021, yielding business income of 1380 million yuan, or 25.94 per cent in the same year; sales of gypsum boards amounted to 2,378 million flats throughout the year
At the percentage point, the increase in the Māori rate was mainly due to 21 years of product price increases and lower unit cost of sales.
The company has formed 74 gypsum production bases covering the entire country, and has completed the layout of five gypsum production bases overseas, ranked first in the industry. Currently, about 70% of our gypsum plates are used in the top-of-the-ceiling area, while 80% abroad are used in the construction of walls.
As carbon neutral progresses, policies related to green buildings and assembly buildings have been put in place to facilitate wider application and diffusion of gypsum boards, with a projected 22-year increase of 16.17 per cent compared to the 22-year increase of the company ' s gypsum business. However, due to the high cost of raw materials, the Māori rate of waterproofing operations is lower than the same rate.
10.34 percentage points down. In 2021, a number of water-proof businesses were established, and the company integrated water-proofing operations began to work. The company now has 15 industrial bases in the water-proof sector, ranking third in the industry.
With demand driven by investment, urban renewal and old transformations, water-resistant operations are expected to grow high; water-resistant industries remain less concentrated, leading firms with brand and product-quality advantages will benefit in the future, and industry-led markets will increase further.
The "One Wing, Global Layout" strategy is to effectively move forward with the gypsum business, which is centred on light steel dragon bones, powder slurry, mine boards, magma, magma, gold state boards, etc. The gypsum business is still the company's flagship and is gradually full-fledged.
The two wings are paint and waterproof materials, and waterproofing has achieved a national layout.
The company has a clear advantage in terms of products, technology, brands, marketing channels, etc., as water-proof industry standards are raised and the industry is clustered.
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.