The company published its annual report in 2021 and collected $21.90 billion in 2021, representing an increase of 25.5 per cent; the net return to the mother.
The company experienced a certain cost pressure as a result of the increase in the demand for cast boards and the rise in coal and asphalt prices. The net profit from corporate revenue grew steadily in 2021, and the net cash flow from operating activities increased significantly: corporate dollars/equity in 2021. The combined Māori rate was 31.8%, with a reduction of 1.9 pt. Net cash flows from corporate operations in 2021.
$3.83 billion, a significant increase of 108.4 per cent in the same year’s net cash flow from the company’s operations, mainly due to an increase in current revenue and sales returns and the absence of settlement charges. Completion of the project to raise the need for casts, cost pressures or a decrease in Maori mainly due to: company stones in 2021
We believe that the better performance in 2021 led to a significant increase in the demand for cast plates. Coal and asphalt prices were high in 2021, resulting in higher corporate cost pressures and a 9.3 ptt decline in the Māori rate of water-resistant rolls.
As much as 27.4% of the flat fuel cost of the gypsum sheet as in the previous year. The “one wing” has been moving steadily, and the company has a promising future: the company, as the 60% flagship in the gypsum industry and the world’s largest industry group, is expected to operate in the gypsum.
The company’s water-proof, paint-proof business is advancing steadily, and the new profit-growing points are on track. Water-proofing operations affect the company’s cash flow, the gypsum price increases are less than expected, the prices of raw materials Sino-Soldier International Securities Co. Ltd.
Construction materials: construction materials Net cash flows of $3.83 billion, a significant increase of 108.4 per cent over the year, of which net cash flows for corporate operations in the single quarter of the year were 18.97 per cent.
One hundred million yuan, an increase of 7.8 per cent in the same year, was the best cash flow performance of companies in 2021, mainly during the reporting period for sale of goods, provision of services, annual payment of United States spaste matter and settlement fees, and in 2021 for no further improvement in the cash flow of companies in operation. Net interest rates for Māori fell steadily in 2021 and combined costs were relatively stable: in 2021, the overall Māori rate for companies was 31.8 per cent, with a reduction of 1.9 pt;
Mainly because of the increase in sales of the company’s main product and the corresponding increase in labour costs; and because of increased publicity by the company, advertising costs have increased. Second, there has been a marked increase in the demand for gypsum boards, with the rise in asphalt and coal prices increasing the pressure on the company’s costs.
The price of asphalt, coal, higher cost pressures, or a decline in the combined Māori rate was due mainly to an annual increase in the Māori rate of company cardboard operations in 2021, mainly due to fuel power. Energy consumption on the company’s production lines is still dominated by coal combustion, with a full year of power in 2021.
The higher price of coal in the market led to higher costs for the company’s fuel power. Although in October 2021 the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) intervened on the price of coal, bringing the average price of powered coal down rapidly from a high of more than $2,000, the price of coal after the fall remained high, putting some cost pressure on the company. Moreover, the Māori rate for company water-resistant asphalt in 2021 was 27.4% compared to 2020.
The average price of the year ' s sbs-modified asphalt market went up, putting considerable cost pressure on the company ' s waterproof roll business.
Figure 8. Average power coal and asphalt prices in 2021 are at a high level. 3. “One Wings” are advancing steadily, and companies are developing future magma, light steel bones are moving steadily and continue to be in the lead: in 2019, the company proposed “One Wing, Global Layout”
In 2021, the company invested in several production lines, covering the country and abroad, with a total annual production of 150 million square metres of cardboard, a total of 13,000 tons of light steel bones, a total of 4 million flat decorated sheeting, and steady progress towards the global target of 5 billion square metres of cardboard capacity.
The company ' s gypsum board has now formed an effective production capacity of 3,358 million square metres on the market, with 74 gypsum production bases covering the entire country, and has completed the layout of five gypsum production bases in Asia, Africa and Europe in the first phase abroad; the company ' s light steel bone production capacity totals 488,000 tons, and is home to the world ' s largest industry group.
Figure 9.2021: Status of corporate outward investment projects since 2021 New profit growth points for waterproof materials and paint creation companies: In line with the company's “One Wing” strategic development plan, the company's future water and materials industry bases will grow to 30 and paint industry bases to 20.
The first phase of the consolidation of waterproofing operations has been completed, with 15 industrial base layouts throughout the country; and the new paint company North has been established and completed.
The production of 400,000 tons of cardboard lines is gradually being put into use, further saving the cost of gypsum production, and the company’s gypsum production is being improved daily, with the company leading 60% of the gypsum industry, which is expected to grow considerably in the future. Moreover, the company’s water-proof, paint-proof business is steadily advancing, and its new profit growth points are likely to grow in the future.
Waterproofing operations affect corporate cash flows: the company ' s waterproofing and painting operations are in a sustained state of development, and the need for more cash flow support for the investment base may affect the company ' s cash flow performance.
The price of raw materials rises faster than expected: if the prices of asphalt and coal important raw materials continue to rise, companies will bear greater cost pressure. The profit/loss statement (million yuan)