The gypsum is re-marketed and waterproof profits continue to be under pressure. \triangleright \triangleright
The price of gypsum plates has risen sharply and the city’s share has increased significantly: city occupancy continues to rise, with companies owning 74 domestic +5 \triangleright overseas Asia-Africa cardboard production bases, reporting an end-of-life capacity of 3,358 million square metres, and construction + 480 million square metres of planned capacity.
In 2021, the company sold the cardboard at 2,378 million, with a flat price of double profit. We calculated that the unit price of the cardboard was $5.79 per flat in 2021 (the same rate + 0.36 for the mother ' s net profit (with a dragon bone and waterproofing off), an increase of about $1.33 for the same year.
Increase in the Māori rate of operations Accelerating the completion of the skeletal complex, which accounts for about 13 per cent of income: 2,755 million for the year, +40.3 per cent for the year, \triangleright
In the reporting period, a total of 488,000 tons of light steel bone production was able to leapfrog into the world’s largest light steel bone industry group. Water-proofing profits led to a marked improvement in cash flow, with revenues accounting for about 18% of the total: 38.71 per cent of the year’s total revenue from waterproofing.
Billion (not including January-April 2021 in Shanghai, 2021 in Tianjin Othai, 2021 in Chengduset, 2021 in the year), +17.8 per cent, with a slight increase in the second half of the year, totalling 15 waterproof material production bases, an increase of 5 per cent in the same year.
The focus on the quality of income and the main recovery has resulted in a slight increase in income, but the operating cash flow has improved significantly, from 463 million in the current period to 161 million in the same period last year (netd of the impact of funds collected to the parent company) and from tax credits for specialized equipment; 2 water protection receivables/incomes are 48 per cent and other receivables 980 million, respectively, compared to the same period in the previous year.
57 per cent, 420 million; waterproof stocks, low advance payments and significant increase in gypsum boards at the end of 3; credit impairment of 4 gypsum plates - 3300 Investment proposal: it is recommended that attention continue to be given to the continued expansion of 1 gypsum capacity and the application space for soundproofing systems, 2 dragons \triangleright
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.