New wood in the North (000786): The gypsum is gradually being harvested, overseas and on both wings for new growth, new material in the North.
In 2021, business income from new materials in the north was 21,086 million yuan. This was 25,49 per cent more than the previous year: the new materials belonging to the mother-in-law are the top producers of the country's plaster plate production, with net profits of 3,894 million yuan, or 22.74 per cent more than the previous year, and eps 2.0 yuan.
In industry, the share of the market is about 60%. The cardboard collection accounts for 65% of the company ' s total revenue, while the rise in light manufacturing prices leads to an increase in performance and an increase in asset turnover efficiency.
It's about 12% of the business. It also buys up the price of profit sales, 6.31% higher in 2021 and higher in 2021.
18,91%, the company ' s second increase in volume since 2011 (2017 for the first time). The company ' s combined Māori rate fell by 1.85 percentage points in the same year, mainly because the price of raw materials from water-resistant materials could not be effectively transmitted. Māori rates from water-resistant materials decreased by 10.5 percentage points in the same year: but the price of raw materials from gypsum plates increased.
The Māori rate has increased by 1.36 percentage points over the same period, with better transmission. The decline in the combined Māori rate has led to debt and cross-equity presentations: the net profits of companies have increased less than the growth in operating income and the level of net profits has declined.
The city’s high rate continues to rise faster, with low-cost advantage of the cast plate entering the harvest period. The company, as the head of the gypsum plate, has a suitable location for production in the vicinity of the raw material supplier and for market demand.
In 2021, 74 cardboard production bases were built across the country. The company’s absolute leading size advantage reduced the cost of raw materials procurement, while the construction and adaptation of smart chemical and biological production lines reduced the cost of labour.
The low-yielding advantage under the national layout has allowed companies to maintain lower prices for medium- and low-end products while developing high-end products to raise composite prices, and the company's cast board operations are gradually entering the harvest phase.
The development of “One” and “two wings” of the global + supply chain layout brings new space. Public circulationb/h units, 2021
The spaste plate production capacity has reached 3,358 million square metres, the global layout target of 5 billion square metres is well under way, the country's eight production lines are under construction and planning, Tanzania's first release of 15 million square metres and Uzbe, Kstan's 40 million square metres is expected to be operational in 2022, Bosnia and Herzegovina's 40 million square metres and the Thai line.
Construction is under way. Some of the company’s new lines of production, coupled with the production of light steel bones, continue to move on to the 1 million tons of production capacity, reaching 488,000 tons by the end of 2021, becoming the world’s largest light steel bone company, with synergies with the resources of the gypsum market. And the company is actively building two.
The company’s two-wing waterproof materials business, which has 15 production bases through M&A, became the country’s third largest waterproof materials pipeline: the other one holds 100% of dragons and 49% of lamps through self-constructed + acquisition.
The company's strategy is well-structured, leading to new corporate profit projections and investment ratings: not 13, 10, and 9 times as well, taking into account the optimal structure of the company's products and the synergetic trend. Take a good look at the firm's absolute edge in the gypsum into the harvest period, folding the global fabric.
The Bureau and the supply chain are well developed and new spaces for development brought about by the operation of waterproof materials and paints continue to maintain the source of financial prosperity in the East.
New North Building (000786): Gradual harvest of the cast board, overseas and two wings for new growth, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual prosperity.
New material in the North (000786): Gradual harvest of the gypsum, overseas and two wings for new growth, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
The East Hing Securities Corporation reports that new material (000786): Gradual harvest periods in the gypsum system, overseas and on both sides, are not guaranteed that there will be no change in the information and advice contained in it. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.