Incident: On 29 April, Banco de Merchants revealed the following: 2024q1 returns of net profit from the mother-to-be (600036) The Bank of Merchants recorded a decline in revenue and profit growth and performance phase pressure.
The main contribution is from the expansion of the scale, non-interestable income other than the middle harvest, and the provision of counter-feeding: the rate of growth from positive to negative and the marginal decline, mainly due to the reduction in the amount of counter-feeding and the increase in interest differentials.
Zhang Xiaohui is a major source of non-interest income and income tax.
The net difference continues to narrow and the cost of the deposit ratio goes down. 2024q1 merchant banks have a net interest gap of 2.02%, compared to 27bp, compared to 2023q4 ring to 2bp. The rate of return on interest-bearing assets and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, the Wang Qing Dynasty
The rates are the same as -21bp, -7bp, -3bp, and the same. The former are the main causes for falling interest differentials, which are related to the downturn in loan returns, which is affected by the downturn in lpr, stock-pricing and insufficient demand for effective credit. To counter the pressure of narrow interest differentials, companies are working to strengthen asset-liability portfolio management.
The asset end has increased its investment in high-quality loans, with the average balance of loans as a proportion of interest-bearing assets +32bp; the liability end has taken advantage of the increase in low-cost core deposits to counter the trend of deposit periodicization, with 2024q1 cost ratio ring-1bp. Overall, corporate interest differentials have remained prominent and disclosed.
The bad rate ring has fallen and the asset quality has been robust. The bad rate for late-seller banks at the end of 2024q1 ranged from 3 bp to 0.92 per cent; the concern group loan ratio ranged from 4 bp to 1.14 per cent, but the total is still in the listed bank.
The non-performing ratio of retail loans was equal to 0.91%, with individual housing loans concentrated in the first and second-line cities with sufficient stability of collateral to manage the overall risk. Capital was more abundant, with a robust expansion in size.
\triangleright \twangleright \tranged profits, cash share of red, high-quality development progressing steadily, big wealth not managed \
Total deposits increased by the same rate as at the end of the previous year by +85bp, +95bp, +1bp, +37bp to 9.63 per cent, profit projections: Recruiting banks insisted on using the strategic objectives of value banks, based on differentiated features
New models for high-quality development, a synergistic development of business plates, a steady increase in the size of asset liabilities, and an overall stabilization of asset quality. We expect the company to collect on 29 April 2024.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the West Side of Beijing City, at a price of 0.86 times, 0.77 times and 0.70 times respectively for 2024-2026 pb.
Figure 6: Negative rates vs. Industry Figure 7: Subsidized coverage vs. Industry Figure 8: Growth in scale and rate of increase
Liao Chiu, Master of Arts, National University of Singapore, Bachelor of Arts, Zhejiang University, accepted as a course of study at the Royal College of Honour and Financial Science.
It covers mainly the banking sector, including the investment logic of listed banks, the financial sector and finance, asset liabilities, wind control, and related external environments.
In November 2019, he joined the Sino-Chinese Securities Research and Development Centre. Part of it is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.