The petrochemicals team is working at the bottom of the landscape, and the leader is trying to recover!
The company ' s annual performance report for 2023 was released on 25 April 2024, the company ' s operating income was 32.51 billion yuan in 2023, an increase of 12.46 per cent over the same year, and the price difference between the products was or will be improved: 2023
The year's major subsidiaries have recovered their petrochemical performance. The year 2023 was a full year. 1. “Emergency petrochemicals: sharpening the head, looking forward to spending!”, with petrochemicals achieving a net profit of 1,367 million yuan, a decrease of 77.41 per cent; and China's petrochemicals achieving a decrease of 77.41 per cent.
The net profit was 39 million yuan, an increase of 108.10 per cent over the same period. With improved end demand, the price differentials were gradually repaired, and further improvements in carcinogenesis performance were expected.
The demand for fermented hydrocarbons is in a state of grinding, and the refined plates are either high or sustained support industries! 2023.10.25 Performance repairs: 2023 polyolefins - the original oil price difference was 3008 yuan per tonne, which is larger than the year before.
The Pta-px price difference is $309 per ton in 2023, with demand warming at the lower end of the scale, largely quantifying the industrial product or will support the recovery of the company’s performance in the future.
At the same time, the domestic refining plates remained strong. The average price difference for diesel fuel/ gasoline/aviation coal was $912/1129/2597/t in 2023. The px-previous oil price gap continued to be high and the px-present price difference was $3204/t in 2023, respectively.
It has 40 million tonnes/year of crude oil processing capacity and 8.8 million tonnes/year of px production, 1.6 million tonnes/year of px production capacity, 51% and 100% shares of zolpidem and gold petrochemicals, respectively, and refining oil.
The continued strength of the plate is expected to support the company’s sustained recovery. Several new materials projects have successfully advanced & signed a Cooperation Framework Agreement with Amey, which will become more dynamic: based on the existing industry chain, companies are actively developing new materials.
Close product projects. The three-phased petrochemical projects with 1.4 million tons of ethylene per year and downstream chemicals, the high-performance resin project, the high-end new materials project, and the optics II project, all of which are in sequence, have deployed new energy sources such aseva, poe, dmc, pc and abs.
New material products have further expanded the company’s high-end chemical materials and chemical production capabilities, enhancing the enterprise’s integrated competitiveness, and the company’s performance is expected to recover in the future. In the same vein, the two parties actively promoted the convergence following the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding between the company and Saudi Arabia and the US.
The company announced on 23 April 2024 that it had reached agreement on some of the matters and signed the Cooperation Framework Agreement. The parties intend to sell and purchase 50% each of the gold petrochemical and Saudi Arabian-American-owned sasref subsidiaries respectively.
Shares, and joint development of the expansion of China-based petrochemicals and sasref in proportion to the respective shares. Both sides continue to work together in depth to sustain their good trade momentum, and we appreciate the performance repairs brought about by the warmth of demand and the ability of the company to produce new materials.
Potential growth in performance, but the current demand for yetocarbons is still in the early stages of recovery, (1) the risk of uncertainty in the implementation of Saudi cooperation projects; (2) the impact of changes in crude oil prices
Phase risk; (5) the risk of significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar; (6) the risk of force majeure: Emeritus was published on 25 April 2024 as the company ' s annual performance report for 2023, and the company achieved business income of $32.51 billion for the entire year 2023, an increase of 12.46 per cent, and a net return to the mother of $1,158 million, a decrease of 65.33 per cent.
In 2023, the performance of major subsidiaries was repaired. In 2023, the net profit on carcinogenization was 13.67 billion yuan, a decrease of 77.41 per cent in the same year; and in China, the net profit on carcinogenization was $3.9 billion, an increase of 108.10 per cent in the same year.
In recent years, the company has improved the layout of various chemical products in order to increase the value added of the products, and therefore has a substantial amount of the chemical products. The demand for the chemical products is still in the state of grinding, followed by the heating of the end consumption, the chemical products of the chemical products of the hydrocarbons. The company has a large amount of chemical production capacity for the chemical products, and with the warming of the end demand for the chemical products, the price difference in the company’s products is expected.
By restoration, largely quantified industrial products may support the company’s performance in the future. Chart 5: Polyolefins – the original oil price gap has been repaired by a high international crude oil price shock throughout 2023 and Brent’s crude oil futures price averaged $82.18 per barrel per year.
In 2023, the average price difference for diesel/ gasoline/air kerosene fission was $912/1129/$2597/ton, 2.53 per cent wider/81.77 per cent wider/concentration 0.66 per cent. The price difference for the 2023q4 finished oil fission continued to be high, while the price difference for diesel/oil/air kerosene fission was $834/$3196/ton, respectively, and the ring was wide.
5.00 per cent/ceiling 22.40 per cent/broadening 68.19 per cent. With the continued strong domestic demand for finished oil consumption and the clean-up of overseas refined energy, the spread of finished oil cracks is expected to be repaired.
Of this, 2023q4px - the original oil price was about $3064/t, the ring was about 7.77%, and the overall price is still at a medium-high margin. ZP has 40 million tonnes/year of crude oil processing capacity and 8.8 million tonnes/year of px production, the middle gold petrochemicals have 1.6 million tonnes/year of px capacity, and the glorified petrochemicals hold 51% of zilch and the middle gold petrochemicals, respectively.
And 100% of the shares, and the continued strength of the refined plates is expected to support the company’s continued recovery of its performance.
In recent days, the company’s controlling subsidiary, the petrochemicals, has invested 380,000 tonnes/yearly polyether in a green petrochemical base, and the 10,000 tonnes/year pppg production line has been successfully launched in recent days, with the company’s total bottle production now ranked first in the country.
At that time, the three-phase company petrochemicals produced 1.4 million tons of ethylene and downstream chemical products, high-performance resins, high-end new materials, and optics two-phase projects were all moving in an orderly manner. The company deployed new energy materials such aseva, poe, dmc, pc, and abs, further expanding the scale of its high-end industrial materials and chemical production capacity.
The company actively promoted cooperation following the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding between the company and Saudi Arabia. The company issued a memorandum of understanding on 23 April 2024.
The communiqué states that a cooperation framework agreement has been reached and signed on some of the matters. The parties intend to sell and purchase 50% of the shares of each of the Pyrochemical and Saudi Arabian-American wholly-owned companies, as well as to jointly develop the expansion of the Pyrochemical and Sasref sectors in proportion to their respective shares.
Continuing the good trade momentum between the two sides can create positive complementarities. 1) The risk of uncertainty in the implementation of Saudi cooperation projects: the current Framework Agreement on Cooperation is only a strategic, framework agreement based on the willingness of the two sides to cooperate, and the actual implementation is uncertain:
2) Crude oil price movements influence corporate profitability calculations: geopolitical events such as the Middle East conflict, the evolution of the situation in the Russian Federation, the advancement of the Iran-Iraq nuclear agreement and the lifting of the sanctions in Venezuela and the resulting uncertainty at the end of the supply chain, disrupting the global crude oil market; at the same time, the Fed increased interest rate or boosted the dollar index, which is generally negative in relation to crude oil prices, and the Fed ' s stock market
Currency policy or disturbance of crude oil prices; 3) terminal demand risk: the company ' s operating income is mainly derived from the sale of finished oils and petrochemical products. Some industries and related products have cyclical characteristics, with industry downside risks. Most of the company ' s products are intermediate products.
There is a potential for over-anticipated changes in supply-demand relationships that are subject to the industrial chain, and macroeconomic needs such as downstream consumption, packaging, automobiles and infrastructure can also have an impact on the demand for corporate products, taking into account oil prices; 4) project construction is less than expected: multiple projects are under construction, such as projects that are less advanced than expected, or are right
5) Risk of significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar: while crude oil purchases are made in United States dollars, revenue-end settlements are dominated by the renminbi, daily operations require purchase of the dollar, sale of the renminbi, settlement, significant fluctuations in the exchange rate of the United States dollar or negative impacts on the performance of the company; 6) Force majeure risk.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market