Since 2q23, we've been losing and moving forward with our national and international strategy.
junjunzhu borongli earned $81,088 million, or +16.30 per cent, and realized a net return profit of $552 million, which was a huge loss.
The xinhu carcinogens contributed to the main profit in 2023. In 2023, the petrochemicals processed about 44 million tons of crude oil, resulting in a net profit of 1,367 million yuan, and the contribution company ' s net profit to the mother, calculated at 51 per cent of the equity, was about 70 million yuan.
In 2023, the pta plate (with bottles) was under pressure as a whole. In 2023, the net profit of the middle gold petrochemicals (arocarbons) was 39 million yuan, a loss compared to the reverse; the net profit of the Sein metachemical fibres was 104 million yuan, an improvement compared to the previous; and the total loss of the pta four plants (with bottles) was 300 million yuan, a loss compared to the same gain.
In the first quarter of 2024, the company achieved $4,290 million (net of taxes and add-ons), an increase of $5,365 million and 1.382 billion. We believe that as downstream demand is gradually restored, the company has improved.
• Building on 40 million tonnes/year refining integration projects to speed up new material layouts. The company is one of the major producers of polyesters, new energy materials, engineering plastics, new energy sources, high end polyolefins, and special rubber.
In the area of high-end materials, new energy products such aseva, poe, dmc, pc, and abs have been deployed, and the product chain has been enriched. As new projects progress steadily, the productive capacities of companies such as new energy materials, renewable plastics, special synthetics and high-end composites will be expanded in an orderly manner, and new materials will be transformed gradually.
In 2023, the company introduced Saudi Arabia as a strategic investor, with Saudi Arabia holding about 10% of the company’s shares. The two sides engaged in deep and long-term cooperation on a wide range of issues, including the purchase of crude oil, the supply of raw materials, the sale of chemicals, the sale of refined industrial products, the storage of crude oil and technology sharing.
In January 2024, the company signed a memorandum of understanding with Saudi Arabia and Al-Ammy to cooperate in equity over the refining and petrochemicalization of Saudi Arabia, as well as for the subsequent expansion of its capacity.