Accelerating import substitution and new product expansion Accelerating the growth of import substitution and new products Accommodating the performance of 18q4 information technology technology hardware and equipment Accelerating the growth of import substitution and new products Accelerating the growth of the performance of the downside 18q4
Events: Trio Group issued a performance forecast for 2018, with net profit attributable to listed companies in 2018 of 1,327 million yuan, an increase of 22.5 per cent for the same year. For 18q4, net profit of 395 million yuan, an increase of 2.8 per cent for the same year, slightly lower than we expected; in the context of the trade war and macroeconomics,
The downside of the macroeconomy is the main cause of the 18q4 performance, and the q2 macroeconomics are expected to warm again this year, and the tri-ring groups are expected to return to the growth path.
Downside the economy, downstream manufacturers have increased their stocks, reduced their purchases of upstream orders, and the tri-circle industry has been affected. This is mainly reflected in the following: 1) Minx3 sales are below expectations, and the profit from the mlcc fall has been reduced.
With fewer orders coming in, macroeconomic warming will be followed by rapid growth of the tri-ring group. The down-and-down macroeconomics value better for their products, and the tri-ring group (300408), which is vertically integrated, is the tri-ring group.
The material, equipment, finished goods chain, with cost advantages, accelerates national production substitution and further increases -30408 -point evaluation - high colour, process and cost - high-market rates. When the macroeconomy goes down, downstream producers have price-reducing pressures at this time.
Crossing, ceramic backhell downstream applications are expected to break through, with greater pressure and necessarily more selective than better products. Three-ring groups have strong cost control, high value for product, and are also industry shuffling periods at the lower macro level, and are expected to accelerate import turnover.
Three Circles (300408) High Performance Growth, Generations and Urbanisation; Greater Performance Flexibility in Macroeconomic Warming. Cracks, backhells, and new products are the bright spots for growth next year, and research and development inputs continue to deepen the city’s protection.
Looking ahead, in 2019, the core will benefit from 5g construction, and demand will increase further; in the case of the backhell, which is at an all-time high, the business landscape will expand and the company will be able to open up to large foreign clients, and the technology in the backshell will be huge compared to 2017.
Progress, with the introduction of new products in colour, texture and surface treatment to meet the needs of high-end mobile phones -- 2018/08/29 differential appearances, which are expected to open up more customers this year; new products, machetes, maggots, maggots, etc.
Sowpkg has already contributed to performance through client certification, starting in 19; nitrogen-based aluminum tablets and heat-sensitive printing starts next year, gradually importing customers; even in the downside of the macro, companies continue to invest more in R & D, more in R & D and more in stock, with new production in the future.
The risk of impairment loss of property assets is eliminated, equity incentives are reduced and 2019 young people are installed. In 2018, the company ' s time and value investment fund products totaled 6448.51 for impairment of assets.
In the case of equity incentive costs, in 2018, the amortized equity incentive cost was $7052.86 million and the amortized equity incentive cost in 2019.
Research and development to create advanced material platforms with high barriers, with a steady and orderly product gradient. The emphasis has been on the three-ring groups building high barriers platforms through materials-plus equipment-plus processes, product scalability, macro-downside delays, 1804 performance, accelerated import substitution and new product expansion.
Strong, product-based expansion and global market openings through endogenous + extension. Products with a reasonable gradient and robust medium- and long-term development are expected to move to hundreds of billions of dollars in market value in the future.
Long-type products include ceramics, enveloped frames, mlcc, sheeting, fuel cells, ceramics, machetes, voltage jet valves, electronic slurry, leading to medium-term growth; and reserve products, including reactors, heat-sensitive printing head, new types of slurry, etc., leading to long-term corporate growth.
Investment Recommendations and Ratings: In view of the downside of the macroeconomy, we're downplaying the tri-ring group's profit forecast.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.