2018 Performance Reverse city growth, trade war easing and macro-heating driving faster company growth Information technology hardware and equipment 2018 Performance counter-market growth, trade war easing and macro-heating driving faster company growth
Incidents: TrioC issued a fast-track performance report for 2018, with $3.75 billion raised in 2018, down from the trade crisis and the macro, along with impairment of property on account of property loss, benefiting from mlcc price hikes and pkg, base plate expansions, ceramic back-shell exploiters in the last three quarters.
Households, and new products, are also contributing to income; on the other hand, there is an inherent increase in R & D, lower costs, higher efficiency, and greater in-house capacity of companies. In the context of countercyclical regulation and trade easing, we judge that 2019q2 is macroeconomic.
Looking back into the warmth, downstream into the replenishment cycle, the tri-ring group is expected to return to the growth channel.
Upstream orders are purchased, and the tri-ring business is affected. The company's fundamentals are still excellent, mainly because of the decline in orders from the downside of the macroeconomy, which we judge to be warming in the context of the government's broad monetary and fiscal policy.
Tri-Cluster (300408) Tri-Cluster 2019q2 is about to enter the re-stocking cycle of downstream enterprises, leading to sales of tri-circle products, tri-circle - 300408 - annual report forecast - down-mac
Overstretched 1804 performance, accelerated import substitution and new cores, backhells and new products are next year's growth bright spots, and continued strengthening of R & D inputs to deepen the Protector Group (300408), the Three Rings Group.
In 2019, the core benefited from the construction of 5g, and the demand increased further; in the case of the back shell - 300408 - point assessment - color, process and cost, the company opened up large foreign customers, and the backshell process was huge compared to 2017.
Crossing, lower-shell applications are promising breakthroughs, and new products have been introduced in colour, texture and surface treatment to meet the needs of high-end mobile phones for differentiated appearances, which are expected to open up more customers this year; for new products, machetes, maggots, magma, etc.
Tricycle (300408) High Performance Growth, Sawpkg has been certified by clients and has contributed since 19; Nitrogenated Aluminium Foundations and Heat Sensitivity New Business Ready - 2018/10/31
The printing starts next year with client outreach, gradually importing customers; even at the downside, companies are increasingly investing in R & D, there are many R & D projects in stock, and new products will be rolled out in the future to ensure long-term growth.
The research and development of advanced material platforms that create high barriers, and the product gradients, have developed in an orderly and robust manner. We have always emphasized that tri-ring groups build high barriers platforms through materials-plus equipment-plus processes, that they can expand their products, and that they expand their products and open up global markets through endogenous + externalities.
A reasonable gradient, a steady medium- and long-term development, can be expected to move to hundreds of millions of market values in the future.
Swords, voltage-jet valves, electronic slurry, and medium-term growth of companies; reserve-type products, including reactors, heat-sensitive printing head, new mammoths, etc., lead to long-term growth of companies. Investment proposals and ratings: considering macroeconomic downsides, we set down the tri-ring group profit forecast.
2018 Performance is counter-market growth, trade easing and macro-heating are driving firms to grow faster, and product R & D and sales, respectively, fall short of expectations.
2018 Reverse city growth, trade war détente and macro-temperatures drive faster growth.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.