The growth in performance in the annual and quarterly reports (00205.sz) has benefited from: 1) the continued use of new energy vehicle service orders by companies, and the successful break-through of the industry pole clients in 2023 in the zero industry.
In 2023, the Māori rate for the cooling business rose, and profits fluctuated over the quarter.
The global layout has been steadily advancing, consolidating the vanguard status. Currently, the global market for integrated components of the corporate air-conditioning electronic expansion valves, four-way switch valves, magnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers, omega pumps, electron expansion valves for cars, new energy sources, integrated components of car heat management are the number one in 2024.)
Refrigeration operations: promote reform in Europe and reverse losses. Completion of phase II plant construction and production lines in Viet Nam, expansion of production lines in Mexico and Thailand. 2) Steam zero operations: active promotion of production bases in Mexico, Poland, etc.
Investing in smart frequency change controllers, robot server controllers, domain controllers, and opening up a new " Trina Smart Control (002050.sz) - Long-term growth prospects for heat management taps " - growth point. January 2024, the company signed an investment agreement for a project at the Tripod Industrial Center for the Future.
3-Journal Review of Trienity (002050.sz) 2023, with a total planned investment of not less than $5 billion, including 1 project) Pre-discharge sub-intelligent frequency controller project, 2 project, 3-Purpose robotic server appliance project, heat
The layout above facilitates the company's development from the mechanical component to electronic control.
Integrated system control technology solutions are being developed and upgraded and integrated into variable frequency control technologies and systems. Triflower mind control (002050.sz) - zero-frozen two-wheel drive, 2022 net return risk, customer outreach risk, exchange rate risk, etc.
In 2023, the two-wheel drive of zero-frozen emissions increased by 15 per cent. In 2023, the three-way smart managed to achieve business income of 24,558 million yuan, an increase of 15.04 per cent, a net profit on maternity of 2,921 million yuan, an increase of 13.51 per cent, a net profit on non-mortality of 2,917 million yuan, an increase of 27.3 per cent.
By product, the operating income for refrigeration and air-conditioning electrical spare parts was 1,444 million yuan, an increase of 5.86 per cent; for automobile spare parts, the operating income was 9,914 million yuan, an increase of 31.94 per cent.
Long-term benefits from: (a) the continued release of company new energy vehicle orders, the sale of 9.495,000 new energy vehicles in the country in 2023, an increase of 37.9 per cent over the same period; (b) the steady increase in the market share of the dominant products of the Refrigeration Air Conditioning Electrical Company; and (c) the firm's active capture of energy efficiency upgrades, refrigerant switching, multi-connectivity, cooking power, heat pumps, storage energy, etc.
Business development and steady growth in performance.3 The storage energy business successfully outperformed the industry pole customers, and has achieved harvests, and the company is striving to become a leading supplier of global storage heat management solutions. In 2023, the rate of Māori in refrigeration increased, and quarterly profitability fluctuated.
In addition to the Māori end of rate and cost-side effects, the company ' s profit margin impact includes net revenue from fair value changes The company ' s 2024 Business Plan: Advances Smart Standardized Integrated Component Products; Optimizes product design, shortens project life cycles, and enhances efficiency; and Reduces aggregate costs through home-made, scale-based purchases of critical equipment.
Standardized, scalable and profitable. Figure 3: Net profit and increase in corporate returns (billions, per cent) Figure 4: Single-quarter net profit and increase in corporate returns
Figure 5: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates (%) Figure 6: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates
Refrigeration AC parts and components remain the global leader. Currently, the market for products such as corporate air-conditioning electronic expansion valves, quadrupling valves, electromagnetic valves, microchannel heat exchangers, and omega pumps are the world's largest.
The company is now the world’s largest in the use of electro-inflated valves, new energy sources, and integrated components of auto heat management. New-energy car sales have continued to increase, with strong hand orders, and corporate zero-in business has followed mainstream new-energy car customers.
In contrast to traditional heat management operations, the heat management system for new energy vehicles adds three electrical management circuits, new components such as coolers, battery coolers, electronic pumps, electronic expansion valves, new elements using heat pump air conditioners, with a value twice as high, and the company's active layout component integration and heat management system programme, from "Mechanism" to "Mechanism"
The components development has been upgraded to “the integrated system control technology solution for electronic control” and the product expansion plus techniques have been upgraded, and the value of the company's thermal management products has been further increased, with the maximum single-car value exceeding $5,000.The company has now become Biadi, Volvo, Jili, Fareo, Mahler, Popular, Mercedes, BMW, Toyota,
The company’s new energy auto heat management product camp in 2023 received $8,930 million, an increase of 33.9 per cent over the same year, representing 90 per cent of the revenue from auto parts and components, fully benefiting from the rapid growth in the new energy automobile industry.
The company has been operating abroad for many years. The company has companies in the United States, Europe, Japan, India, the United States of America, which was founded in 2011, and the United States of America has set up two grand-grandfathers in Michigan and Mexico.
D., in June 2017, the txv production line was inaugurated by the Mexican company Triumph Zero, which was located in the assembly of the swelling valves and was produced in 2017, with an annual capacity of 1.5 million units designed to meet the supply needs of the local Mahler Group, the Faleo Group, Air Conditioning International, General Group, etc., the second largest industrial park in Mexico in October 2022.
In India, the triple flower is located in the local assembly and sale of the triplet zero-inflated valve, which reached production in 2014, with a design capacity of 500,000. Japan was established in 2008 to deal mainly with sales and technical support for customers in Japan and South-East Asia.
At the same time, a cooperation agreement was signed in April 2022 between the company and Minsu Motor Technology Research and Development Ltd., a joint construction plant in Poland (51 per cent of the stockholdings), the first phase of which was mainly concerned with the development of water coolers, the first water cooler product being offline in May 2023.
Ten thousand smart thermal management components project, three-flower Polish auto parts production line project, three-flower European technologies 2024: Globalize the operation of refrigeration: promote reform in Europe, improve business concepts and process systems, and make a profit. The production base is moving forward, completing the second phase of the factory in Viet Nam and bringing production lines to the ground.
To expand the production lines of Mexico, Thailand, and optimize global production. 2024 Globalized the operation of auto parts and components: In the wake of globalization, Mexico, Poland and other production bases such as the Shao Xinjiang Sea, Nakayama and Shenyang have been actively promoted.
Based on the company ' s hand-held orders as of 30 September 2023, the company ' s battery and electronic heat management products, power-driven heat management products, cabin heat management products, whole-car heat management products and microchannel heat exchange units are expected to produce 10,000 units per year and 8 million units per year in 2027.
With regard to robotics, the company has focused on imitating robotic machine executives. The company has established partnerships with a number of clients, with a pre-emptive advantage, and it will be synchronized with the development, testing, adaptation, and landing of its clients’ products, and will be active in planning the layout of the overseas production of machine executives.
Specialists in electrical, motor, electrical, sensor, etc. have expanded the research and development team to 150, with a total of 300 or more, and the human robotics implementers are more similar to the core of the company's electronic pump-type products, all of which include pressurization, recoupling, etc.
The process of mechanical processing, welding, surface treatment, electrical circuits, pcba stickers, assembly etc., the company has continued to develop its research and development on the basis of heat management pumps, valves, heat exchangers. By the end of 2023, the company had been granted 3792 domestic and foreign patents, of which 1879 were patented, and has now accumulated the same type of pump valves,
In the area of industrial cooperation, a framework agreement for strategic cooperation was signed with Green Sioux, Harmonious Technology, Inc., which will co-finance a joint venture at the Mexican Industrial Park, where the main business of the joint venture is coordinated.
Wave slower, enhanced cooperation in the robotic industrial chain. 2024 Major investment: the Samurai Center for Future Industries project, 4 January 2024.
84%) Agreement on Investment of the Project of the Samurai Industries Centre for the Future, signed with the Hangzhou Quandong New District Management Board, with a total planned investment of not less than $5 billion, including: 1 Project for Advanced Electronic Intelligent Frequency Controls
The first-way electronic FOC frequency controller operation, which is planned to invest in the construction of a base for the production of the first-way smart frequency controller in the Pinnang area, has a total planned investment of not less than $1.2 billion.2 The three-way smart robot server implementer project, the thermal management domain controller project
The company intends to invest in the construction of robotic electron implementers and domain controllers in the Chandang area (in order to provide the customer with integration above), which will facilitate the upgrading of Tripocratic controls from “mechanical component development” to “electronic control integrated system control technology development” and the extension of the upgrade to the conversion control technology and system integration.
Investment proposal: below profit forecast, maintaining the “buy-in” rating; downward profit forecast, taking into account the new energy car customer cycle and increased competition in the industry, schedule: financial forecast and valuation
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject