Aribaba's 15 billion dollars in strategic equity, creating a network of intelligent media in a new urban life circle, and Aribaba's 15 billion in strategic equity, which together holds 10.32 per cent of the company's 10.32 per cent in equity, is the second largest.
The four major privatized financial investors were able to pull out this time, and the pressure to keep the stock price down has been eased. As the country’s largest urban life circle, the city, the 5 million terminal, and the 500 million new middle-born new targets, they went to the second-line urban periphery and the three-line cities.
The introduction of Alibaba as a strategic investor could build on the ability of Alibaba to develop a sophisticated marketing model in the retail landscape, further enhance the company’s core competitiveness and build a network of intelligent media in the new urban life cycle, building on the power of the new retail base and large data analysis.
The advertising market for buildings and cinemas has continued to grow at a relatively rapid pace, with the company’s net profits for the first half of the year precipitating an increase of billions of dollars in strategic equity. Of these, (1) Ali’s net access was transferred through an agreement transfer of shares amounting to 5.28 per cent of the company’s total equity, with a transfer value of approximately $7.68 billion and a transfer price of approximately $7.68 billion.
9.92 USD/units; (2) Ali's connected parties “alibabinvements and newretails” receive 100 per cent of Giovannacaytment (hk) shares and 100 per cent of gio2(hk) shares held by gio2cayman by Giovannacayman by way of equity transfer, indirectly
Holding 2.71% of the company ' s shareholdings, with transactions worth approximately $593 million; (3) alibaba investment, with an increase of $511 million for mmhl, and 10% for mmhl, thereby indirectly holding 2.33% of the shares of listed companies. The three transactions together amount to over $15 billion, Ali.
For the next 12 months, Alibaba also intends, subject to reasonable prices, to increase the shares of listed companies by up to 5% by means of large-scale transactions or a centralized bid.
This successful exit of the corporate financial investor also eased the pressure to keep the stock price down. A strong coalition created a new urban life-cycle intelligent media network: the company as the leader of the domestic life-cycle media, whose value has been recognized by a large number of well-known brand advertisers to satisfy customers.
This time, Alibaba was introduced as a strategic investor, drawing on the powerful new retail base of Alibaba.
The ability to apply and do big data analysis, expand precision marketing models in retail settings, further enhance the company’s core competitiveness, and build a network of intelligent media in new urban life circles. The advertising of the building’s cinema continues to grow, with an increase of 27-35% in the company’s first half of the year: recent research data from ctr
China’s advertising market grew by 3.0% in May 2018, while elevator television, elevator posters, cinema video revenues grew by 26.8%, 28.4%, and 36.4%, respectively, at a faster rate. The public also attests to the positive growth in corporate ownership.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare the report is reliable, but the information in the report has not been independently verified for audit.