The mass media, the cost control, the speed of profit growth, the rapid expansion of the building, the release of the semi-annual report in 2018 and the first half of the year's operating income of $7.11 billion (as compared with the previous year's annual report).
+26.05%) with operating income of $4.15 billion achieved in the second quarter (+28.88% of the year, ring +40.2%); Cost implications of building expansion or reflection in the second half of the year. Overall performance has increased at the same rate as industry, with media performance high.
From the point of view of industry contributions, the company became primarily a life-cycle media network covering about 300 cities. Of this, self-employed media outlets were selling.
(25.3) (19.6) (9.1) The total number of sites is approximately 2,167,000, covering some 201 cities and areas throughout the country, as well as 15 major cities in Korea; approximately 11,000 television media can be released to join elevators, covering 35 cities and locations throughout the country
There are more than 174,000 media outlets covering 143 cities in the region, the external purchase of cooperative elevator posters, the slow expansion of buildings and the high cost of product replacement.
The company ' s cooperation with Ali as a long-term strategic cooperation has yet to be seen as having an impact on revenue collection, so Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
1. Overall performance has converged with industry, with outstanding media performance.
During the reporting period, the company achieved revenue of $5.78 billion (+30.47 per cent for the same year) and $1,196 million (+18.94 per cent) for the cinema media. From the point of view of industry contributions, the company ' s main revenue contribution came from consumer goods, the Internet, transportation, a profit rate of 57.07 per cent, an increase of 2.5 percentage points over the previous year ' s 54.57 per cent for sales and management costs.
With respect to the size of the industry, the overall domestic advertising market grew by 9.3% in the first half of 2018, elevator television, elevator posters, cinema videos continued to grow robustly, and advertising revenue grew by 24.5%, 25.2%, 26.6% in the first half of 2018, compared to the same period last year.
There was an expansion. Thus, the overall growth rate of the company ' s revenue was largely in line with the growth in the media of its buildings and cinemas, which were higher than the industry average, and the growth in cinema media which was lower than the industry as a whole.
During the reporting period, the cost of company sales amounted to $1,196 million (a year-on-year +17.82 per cent) and management costs to $293 million (a year-on-year increase in investment in research and development of new-generation smart advertising machines and related advertising platforms, intelligence services platforms). As the company has intensified its efforts to develop the media market in buildings since the second quarter, the number of resource points has increased rapidly, and the costs of media spot rentals, which are closely related to the number of media outlets, have increased rapidly.
The impact of the depreciation of media equipment and the development and maintenance operating costs was reflected in the second half of 2018. With regard to cash flows, the return on corporate sales in the first half of the year was relatively slower than in the same period last year, with cash inflows of business activities increasing by $224 million compared to the same period last year, lagging behind the growth in operating income, owing to the firm’s efforts to promote the development of media outlets in the building in 2018.
The net cash flow from investment activities was $28.45 million, a decrease of 99.84 per cent, mainly as a result of the company's increase in cash and equity investment for fixed assets such as media equipment.
During the reporting period, the network of corporate life circles expanded further. By the end of July 2018, the company had formed a network of community media covering more than 300 cities. Of these, some 2,167,000 were sold in private buildings, covering some 201 cities and districts and 15 major cities in Korea; about 11,000 were available for distribution as a consolidated elevator television media, covering 35 cities and districts, and outsourcing cooperation.
In July 2018, the company entered into a strategic partnership with Ali, with Ali and his associates participating in a 15 billion yuan strategy.
In three years, the company and the Ali Group will enter into a deal of no more than $5 billion in revenue, covering the ott advertising business, face recognition, big data, and the development of a “global” advertising service platform system. The partnership will bring new retail infrastructure capabilities and large data capabilities in Alibaba to a chemical response to the company’s extensive bottom-touch network, bringing new experiences and unique values to users and businesses.
We believe that the company will continue to grow at a relatively rapid pace in the second half of 2018, but the overall recovery costs will increase in the second half of the year as a result of the company’s expansion of a new advertising area in 2018 and the upgrading of advertising media equipment. The company’s collaboration with Ali, as a long-term strategic collaboration, has yet to be seen.
The building is expanding slowly and the cost of product replacement is too high.