In the first half of the year, there was a steady increase in the Māori rate, and attention was paid to the cost of the downfall of the channel, which was strongly recommended (for the first time), Ye Xiao (research assistant)
The company published its semi-annual report in 2018: in the first half of 18 years, it achieved operating income of $7.11 billion, which accelerated the same period, resulting in higher than expected expenditure of all types, and in the second half of the year, with higher cost escalation pressure, the public sector media generated revenue of $5.776 billion, an increase of 30.5 per cent in the same year and an increase in revenue to 81.2 per cent.
Growth; in other media operations, revenue from other media decreased on a year-to-year basis as a result of a shrinking market media, resulting in a decrease in sales cost as a percentage of sales cost as a result of good cost control by the company, an increase of 20.4 per cent in management costs compared to the same year, while changes in financial costs were mainly due to the replacement of treasury products
In terms of cash flow, the net cash flow of the company ' s operations in the first half of the year fell by $3.18 billion in the same year, and the tax fees increased by $223 million in the same year. In terms of accounts, accounts receivable increased by $2.04 billion to $4.67 billion in the same year, and the working days of the accounts receivable increased by $20 million in the same year.
The current downward expansion of firm positions has begun to accelerate, with a larger rise in corporate spending of all kinds, a certain decline in corporate cash flows in the first half of the year, projected downside costs in the second half of the year, which will be reflected in cost, with higher corporate cost pressures.
In the first half of the year, the company stepped up the location of three or four-line cities and two-line suburb.
By the end of July, the company ' s self-employed media were selling a total of 2,167,000 places, an increase of 630,000 compared to the beginning of the year; the combined elevator television media were about 11,000, covering 35 cities and regions of the country; the external purchase of more than 174,000 media outlets for cooperative elevator posters covering 143 cities; and the cinema media were signed.
We believe that companies, as leading players in the media in the world of life, are monopolistic in the area of building media, and that in recent years they have accelerated their strategic goal of “500 cities, 5 million terminals and 500 million people covered” to further build high-level competition barriers.
With Ali15 billion in strategic investment, and a revaluation of low-line urban media values in July of this year, the company, with an estimated RMB 15 billion in strategic investment from Ali and his associates, is working together to explore model innovations in digital marketing under the new retail trend. As a result of the success of the multiplicity of models, the value of low-line urban media has gradually been recognized.
The Ribaba Group, the largest digital marketing company in the country, signed a business cooperation framework of $5 billion for the next three years in July. On the one hand, it will also use the company to build a data collection network under the line because it is aware of the value of the company’s offline flow portal.
Pointing tries to expand to low-line cities, but the company then slows down because of the limited value of the low-line cities. After Ali’s strategic entry, the company re-pedited its downswing, mainly on the basis of new retail sales and the development of data-collection terminal functions, with low-line media values expected.