The leadership of the public media (002027.sz, buy-in) has been prominent, reiterating that the purchase of shares of the company reached a low stage in the previous period, and that the valuation advantage has been shown to provide an indication of investment opportunities.
There are about seven to eight national advertising companies, none of which have reached 5% of the size of the market. Consumer theory shows that when a market share leader exceeds a single market share, the difference is still larger.
Some competitors are not excluded from round-the-clock movements in the form of capital-for-flow swaps. We believe that successful people need to have the following qualities: (1) adequate funding, which can be shareholder input.
Or easy access to finance; (2) shareholders have a wealth of industrial chain resources; (3) it is possible to see closely whether the honeymoon period will allow shareholders to see hope, to continue (expand) to invest, and that business plans can be changed. Based on these points, there is currently no strong competitor in the short and medium term.
After the 18th of July, the company announced the agreement of Ali's strategic equity company. (1) Ali and his holdings together held 10.32 per cent of the company's shares directly and indirectly; (2) Ali's shares in the next 12 months.
It will continue to increase the share of the media by less than 5%. We reiterate our previous point, Ali's share in the media, Ali's genes are electricity dealers, consumer goods are mainstream, the important barriers to consumer goods are brands, and the usual way to create/consolidate brands is through high-frequency advertising, electricity dealers' demands are natural.
Only big ads can be satisfied. Even if there is a competitive temptation to lower prices, "effective" today is a much more attractive chip than "favourable" for business opportunities, even as they pass away.
The possibility of integration and multiple realization on the line.
"The Unconnected Media" (002027.sz, buy-in) - "The Old Man's Union" sequel, after Ali's strategic entry, cooperation at the operational level.
The public media (002027.sz), the buying industry, is caught in irrational competition. Chen Xiaotian, who joined the network securities in 2016, is currently the head of the media network. Certificate No.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.