Ali became the second-largest shareholder, with the prospect of moving on to a new level - the news media (002027) event: (1) the company issues a notice of changes in shareholders' rights, and Ali's network transfers by agreement
The method is to transfer 5.28 per cent of the shares of the companies held by Powerstar and Gloscy; the parties associated with the Ali network, namely, alibabainvestment and a newretail, by transferring 2.71 per cent of the shares of the company to Giovannacayman and to Gio2cayman indirectly.
The Ali network and associated parties together hold 10.32 per cent of the company's shares: (2) for the next 12 months ... Ali's network has decided, as appropriate, to continue to increase the number of shares in the media by means of large-scale transactions or centralized competitions not exceeding 5 per cent.
The company’s current main business is the development and operation of life-cycle media, which, by the end of March 2018, covered some 300 cities. Elevators’ television media, elevator posters, etc.
Both the media and the cinema screen advertising media have an absolutely leading market share and have become a core portal to the traffic flow. At the same time, Ali’s network, as an Internet giant, is concentrated in the electricity business on the line and has a strong capacity for data analysis.
In cooperation with both parties, the company is expected to help advertisers put more precisely, so that the company’s core competitiveness can be replicated “online plus below” and its customer resources can be complementary. The company’s network with Ali and the Ali Group’s “online plus below” flow of resources are expected to build integration and stereotyping.
In advertising fields, Ali's department also has significant and high-quality customer resources, not only promises to share with the company, but also the new "online plus below" model, which enhances the diversity and quality of services.
Ali has been released under pressure by releasing shares. After the transfer, Ali became the second largest shareholder of the company, after the company faced a reduction in sales restrictions.
Pressure on companies to convert all remaining undisclosed shares held by former shareholders at the time of privatization to strategic investment in Ali’s network, and to reduce pressure to be released, while also improving the company’s equity structure
In 2017, according to market research data, the overall advertising market in China grew by 4.3 per cent, with companies increasing significantly in the area of segmentation, with elevator television advertising revenue rising by 20.4 per cent.
The growth in revenue from newspaper advertisements is 18.8%, and from cinema-based video advertisements 25.5%. Ali’s strategic entry points bring the company’s development to a new stage, and the public sector’s profitability will be further enhanced in the future when the two sides work together, and we appreciate the company’s development in advertising media.
The corresponding dynamic market surplus is 24 times, 21 times and 18 times, respectively, and we “recommend” it.