The media integrated the marketing of iii Ali into the second largest shareholder, the new retail + big data enabler
(1) Ali acquires 7.99% of the company’s shares by way of an equity transfer. On 17 July 2018, Ali’s network signed an Agreement on the Transfer of Shares with the shareholders of the branch media, Powerstar and Glossycity, by means of which shares of 774,401,600 were transferred to the branch media, accounting for 5.28% of the total shares of the listed companies.
The shares in the branch media held by Powerstar account for 2.77 per cent of the total shares in listed companies, and the shares in the branch media held by the sub-unit in the sub-units held by the subsectorstycity are 3.67,792,435 or 2.51 per cent of the total shares in listed companies.
On 16 July 2018, shares transfer agreements were signed between alibabinvestment and newretail and giovannacayman and newretail and gio2cayman, respectively.
398,074,142 shares, or 2.71 per cent of the total number of shares in listed companies.Mmhl and libabainvestmentlmited signed a " stock subscription agreement " for the investor to purchase additional shares in mmhl for $511,116,918.20, which was signed by Jiang Namchun and Jiang Namchun Indirect Holdings.
With 10% of Mmhl shares, Jiang Namchun will indirectly hold 90% of Mmhl shares.
Ali's shareholdings are expected to rise to 15.334 per cent, making him the second largest shareholder in the company: through the transfer of shares, the replenishment of the mmhl by the mass media: q3 by 38.11 per cent of the non-growth lead ground, indirectly held, Ali will hold 10.33 per cent of the company's shareholdings, and through future build-up, Ali is expected to obtain the maximum offer.
The company announced that the introduction of Alibaba as a strategic investor would build on the capacity of Alibaba’s powerful new retail infrastructure and big data analysis.
To enhance the company’s core competitiveness, and to create a network of smart media in the new urban life cycle. We believe that the under-line entrance is already a necessity for the military, through Ali’s entry into the stock market, with the hope of further empowering the under-line media space, reconfiguring the media in the life circle, and making it more interactive and intelligent in the foreseeable future.
The company is China’s largest single-line flow entrance, with the largest global urban life media, and currently covers more than 200 million cities, with a medium-term target of 5 million terminals in 500 cities, and 500 million cities’ new middle-class products per day, reaching the majority of Chinese cities.
The Alibaba Group promotes new retailing, which is upgrading and restructuring all segments of the business sector. After strategic integration into the media, the Alibaba Group will use Ali’s new retail infrastructure and large data capabilities to create a chemical response for users and users to the extensive bottom-up network.
Businesses bring new experiences and unique values, and both sides will jointly explore new models of digital marketing in the context of new retail trends. We believe that companies will be a strong back-up in the consumer sphere.