Performance meets expectations, maintaining high growth South-West Securities Research and Development Centre event: corporate announcement fast-tracked performance for 2018 and $7.11 billion raised in 2018 in the first half of the year
Of this, $4.15 billion (+28.9%) was collected during the 2018q2 season, while $2.14 billion (+53.6%) was realized, maintaining a high rate of growth. Net profits increased by 40.4%, 31.3%, 34.9%, and net returns of 2018h1 were maintained at a rate of 40.4%, 31.3%, 34.9%, respectively.
At a high rate of 32.1%, the company’s performance has increased steadily. • Ali’s strategic entry into the stock market, with no more than $5 billion in business cooperation over three years, will either provide a significant boost to the public sector in terms of operations and performance.
A framework agreement for operational cooperation has been drawn up, with deep cooperation in the areas of advertising system services, face recognition technology, and ott smart television advertising, with a total of no more than $5 billion in business cooperation between the two sides in the relevant areas (including but not limited to advertising services, technical services, etc.) over a period of three years, following the announcement by Ali of about $15.1 billion.
At the same time, Ali will not only take over the release of foreign shareholders, but will also engage in further cooperation in the field of business: 1) set up a completely new online advertising placement system to make it online.
Advertisement: 2) Research on the interactive techniques of human face recognition and electronic screen recognition, making it possible for people inside elevators to interact quickly with screens, or to make it possible for quick payments etc.; 3) there is room for price increases in sub-circle advertising in the area of deep-seated TV advertising.
The more expensive it is, Internet companies such as Ali are also starting to focus on below-line access flows, and as the advertising coverage of the crowd further sank along the channels, maintain market niches, and below-line flows further increase their value, the crowds are either able to reap significant price increases in advertising.
Billion dollars in business cooperation, or a boost to company performance, is expected to be divided between 2018 and 2020, ps. 1. Ali's strategic entry into the media (002027), and it is expected that the value of the channel for advertising the company's buildings will be redefined, and that the company will enjoy a certain level of appreciation as an absolute leader of the industry.
(b) Building intelligent media networks (2018-07-19) Risks of asset impairment loss fluctuations, government subsidies or unsustainable risks, and implementation of agreements less than expected risks.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.