The U.S. Media Division (002027.sz, buy-in) - The Big League Ali strategy, in the media, became the second largest shareholder.
After the 18th of July, the company announced the agreement of Ali's strategic equity company. (1) Ali and his holdings together held 10.324% of the company's shares directly and indirectly: (2) within the next 12 months, Ali 1.
Barriers, reiterating the view expressed in Purchase, which reads as follows: “The understanding of the business model of the advertising industry (in particular in the area of billboard advertising, i.e. in the area of segmentation, and in contrast in the field of effect advertising, e.g. in mobile games), scale, i.e. barriers, is evident in the leadership of the Matthews effect”.
2. In high barrier industries, market share leaders deserve a premium: because the costs of countervailing high barriers are high and competition is limited. This is particularly true in naturally concentrated industries.
The industries with significant scale effects have these qualities, such as advertising, because the advertisers want the largest range of clients covered (see our review report of 27 June). 3. More important than capital is the integration of resources (see our review of 27 June).
For example, Ali's online resources and the distribution of lines. 4. Ali's participation in the media is logical. Ali's genes are electric, consumer goods are mainstream, and the important barrier to the consumption of goods is branding, while the way to create/consolidate brands is through a high frequency.
Even if there is a competitive temptation to lower prices, today’s “effective” business opportunities are more attractive chips than “favourable.” China’s 5,000-year-old culture’s essence, “the home for the house,” has great wisdom.
At one time, there was a marked reduction in the disincentives that plagued the company’s competitors by spending money on the flow of money.
The Academy sales team, Cho's Voice, Seo Jia-Lin.
The author has the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author ' s research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes without any third party.