Self-employed media outlets have a strong reputation for high-speed, expanded-life advertising: the semi-annual press release (002027) on the evening of 28 August, the company achieved operating income of $7.11 billion in the first half of 2018, an increase of 26.05 per cent over the same period, and net profit of $3.347 billion, an increase of 32.14 per cent over the same period.
The performance growth was in line with the expected growth in the second quarter of the quarter of the year, which was 32% higher than the two-year net annual profits of the high-rise companies. q2 of the year, which was a 28.9% increase, created the highest single-season growth rate for nearly nine quarters.
To 57.2%, Roe has remained stable, reflecting good cost-control in companies. The competition brought about by the inclusion of rivals like the new-tide media in the advertising market has been effectively addressed, and the platform’s and bargaining power’s advantages are evident.
In the first half of the year, the prospects for the continued expansion of future elevator advertising were broad, as at the end of July 2018, with some 2,167,000 self-employed media outlets selling, covering some 201 cities and regions throughout the country and 15 major cities in the Republic of Korea; about 11,000 combined elevator television media could be released, covering the entire country.
Data shows that Chinese elevators increase by an average of 600,000 per year, with a total of more than 8 million in the next five years, that elevators will cover more than 800 million people per day, and that elevator media will become the new mainstream underline media, accounting for 50% of the traffic. With elevator media in the city,
In July 2018, Ali and his associates gained some 15 billion yuan in strategic access to the mass media and are working with companies to explore new retail digital camps.
The media group and the Alibaba group will work together to set up a new online advertising system to guarantee the smoothness of all advertising outlets worldwide and to increase advertising worldwide.
In the future, both sides will cooperate in the development and exploration of interactive techniques and applications of human face recognition and electronic screen recognition, and in the promotion of TV advertising. Both sides will work together to expand the Open Source Securities Inc.
The market for advertising in the field and to enhance the sharing of resources and clients in the field.
The visual media, the elevator poster media, and the cinema's screen advertising media all have an absolutely leading market share. And companies are well-funded, with high credit ratings, low leverage, adequate access to finance, and will expand rapidly in the future, further entrenching the industry's absolute leadership while doing a big job in the media industry.
This report is presented independently and objectively in a professional and diligent manner with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, directly or indirectly, company-related disclosures as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.
The company fulfils its disclosure obligations as far as it is aware, using as a criterion the increase or decrease in the benchmark market index for securities over the six months following the reporting date, defined as follows:
(overweight): Industry goes beyond overall market performance; (underweight): industry is weaker than overall market performance.