The performance is up to expectations, and the media is expanding fast.
During the same period the previous year saw an increase of 26.05 per cent; the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies was 3,347 million yuan, compared to a steady increase in performance in the first half of the year and a steady expansion of operations.ctr data show that elevator television, elevator posters, cinema videos continue to be robust
The growth was 24.5%, 25.2%, and 26.6%, respectively, of advertising revenue in the first half of 2018, which was larger than during the same period last year. The company ' s performance in the first half of the year was robust. The company ' s leading role as elevator media was strong, covering the first and second-line cities.
By the end of July 2018, the Department had set up a network of community media covering some 300 cities. Of these, self-employed media outlets were selling a total of approximately 2,167,000 (expanding rapidly), covering some 201 cities and locations throughout the country.
15 major cities in the region and in Korea; about 11,000 television media can be released to cover 35 cities and districts across the country, more than 174,000 media outlets for external purchases of cooperative elevator posters covering 143 cities; more than 1900 cinema theatres have been contracted by the cinema media, and the cooperative line 38
Income structure (2018h) with over 12,600 screens, covering a population of about 300 cities across the country. As the largest media platform in China, companies have become part of the lives of consumers in cities.
Quality of client resources, Ali's strategy, media advertising in the world of life, a closed scene, a form of advertising with a higher rate of effective arrival and recollection, is in line with practice.
The company has made steady progress towards a medium-term target of 500 million cities, 5 million terminals, and 500 million cities per day to reach the new middle production. Ali Baba, Tentseng, Kyundong, the USA, droplets, Bocca, Unilever, Mount Peifeng, Golden Dragonfish, Mercedes, BMW, General Motors, thousands of brands.
In July 2018, Ali and his associates made a strategic contribution of about 15 billion yuan in the media, working together to explore innovative patterns of digital marketing in the light of the new retail trends. Alibaba’s new retail infrastructure and large data capabilities will touch the company’s extensive line.
The network creates a chemical response that brings new experiences and unique values to users and businesses. Corporate risks include, but are not limited to, the risk of macroeconomic volatility, changes in media resources, leasing, and increased risks of market competition.
The company, as the leading advertising company in the building, has opened up areas consistent with the trend in the advertising industry, and early entry has allowed the company to accumulate a great deal of resources, gain a strong bargaining power and monopolistic profits.
We appreciate the fact that companies continue to exploit overseas markets while maintaining existing areas of advantage while maintaining the DG's “deprivedly increasing” rating.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.