Distribution of media (002027): Performance meets expectations and accelerates the expansion of high-level barriers to competition in the industry
Main financial indicators (in billions of yuan) Net operating cash flow of 1,247 million yuan, a decrease of 31.82 per cent over the same period.
The media, as well as the cinema, have an absolutely leading share of the market in the area of screen advertising, and the company’s total revenue is higher than the industry’s average increase.
21,670 thousand sales points, covering some 201 cities and districts throughout the country and 15 major cities in Korea; more than 174,000 media outlets for external purchases of cooperative elevator posters covering 143 cities; and cinema media subscriptions
With over 1900 cinemas and over 12,600 screens, media resources are expanding rapidly, with Ali15 billion in shares, and media values are expected to rise: companies continue to expand and sink in the second-line city.
At the same time, the heart area actively expands to the periphery and accelerates the sinking of the three or four-line city, opening up new growth space. The company’s cash flow is more abundant, with a Māori ratio of about 71.81% for 2018h1, an increase of 1.01 pct over the same period.
In July of this year, Ali 15 billion strategic members joined the media in exploring digital marketing innovations in the context of the new retail trends. Ali, as the country’s largest digital marketing company, joined the company.
Strong alliances, further building of high peer barriers to competition, accelerated sinking with firms, expansion, and media values are expected to rise further. Profit predictions: companies have the best media location resources and advertising clients.
Source, with an absolute market share in the industry. We expect a Master of Financial Engineering, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, with a major area of research and follow-up: the media, which is based on an increase or decline in securities over the 300 index in the six months following reporting.
This report is produced by Chinese securities for the sole use of customers of Chinese securities. The company does not consider this information as an assurance of accuracy and completeness because the recipient receives it. We have sought to be objective and impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the persons who obtained it.
The investor shall make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report and shall consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters, taking into account their respective investment objectives, financial circumstances and specific needs.