On 18 July, the company announced that Ali's network and related parties intended to hold joint companies by way of an agreed transfer.
In addition, it signed an agreement to subscribe to 10 per cent of the mediamanage of the actual controlling owner, Jiang Namchun Holdings, which is expected to take place on or after 31 December 2018
If the deal is successfully completed, Ali's share in the company will total 10.32%, making it the company's second largest shareholder. The deal has two major positive effects on the company.
Together, explore innovative patterns of digital marketing in the light of the new retail trend and hopefully use Ali's resources to break through the company's existing business boundaries; 2) Ali accepted most of the remaining undisrupted shares of the previous financial investors by way of a negotiated transfer, eliminating the original reduction in this shareholding.
In the face of the shock, the firm’s share price was heavily maintained, and investors’ concerns about the company’s “unique December ban” as determined by its “Inner Report: Distributive Media (002027) performance were somewhat alleviated.
Divisional Media (002027): more efficient operations with steady performance 1. Ali is intended to hold 7.99 per cent of the shares of 15.50 billion subordinated companies. The deal includes: Ali Network, which is to transfer the shares held by the powerstar, the glossyity, by agreement.
The media account for 774.4 million shares, or 5.28 per cent of the company’s total stock, with a transfer price of $9.9167 per share and a transfer price of $7.68 billion per share. In addition, Ali’s network’s associate, the alibabainvestement, is often different.
In addition, by means of a replenishment, Ali will hold 10 per cent of the mmhl, or 2.33 per cent of the company ' s shares, and the transaction amount will be 511 million.
US$ (approximately US$342 million). When the delivery is complete, Ali will hold the total shares of the listed company, combining 18 Maysan Road, Hefty City, Anhui Province, China, 2 retail and building advertising, with the promise to break through the company’s existing business boundaries, Ali.
As the largest power provider in the country, there is an inherently strong link to the company's business, with the company's flag ladder and cinema advertising being the main marketing promotion platform under Ali's line. According to the 2017 newspaper, Bo signed an advertising contract of $713 million with the company, which should be one of the company's largest customers.
At the same time, as the country’s largest Internet technology company, Ali’s vast resources in the ecological chain are working with the company, and the Department is expected to use Ali’s power to enhance its operations and expand its new borders.3 To mitigate the impact of the reduction on share prices, four (powerstar, glossyity, etc.) were privatized when the deal was completed.
(b) In December 2018, the company will face a final release of 6,427 million shares (2017 undistributed), representing a total share of managementhk, which is the real control of 100 per cent of Jiang Namchun’s shareholdings, as Jiang Namchun ownership of the company is the result of Jiang Namchun’s shareholding ratio.
The case is not big enough, and in order to maintain control over the company, we expect it to be less likely to lose hold in the future. All of Ali’s concessions were made by way of negotiated transfers, without impact on stock prices, and a good demonstration of the market’s strong confidence in the company’s future development in December 2018.
Shanghai's plan to buy back is not more than $13, and the possibility of buying back shares for employee equity incentives highlights the company's management's confidence in the company's value. In the next 12 months, Ali is expected to pass through bulk or concentration if the price is reasonable.
5. Business efficiency has continued to improve, and performance growth has been determined: thanks to the good growth in elevator advertising and cinema advertising markets, the growth in corporate revenue has increased over the past two years, the rate of quarterly growth has risen to more than 20 per cent, operating costs have been effectively controlled, especially the highest rental costs, which grew by only 8.45 per cent in 2017, and the company ' s Māori rate has continued to increase.
The company has become the largest single-flow entry under the line, and in the context of rising consumption, the willingness of advertisers to advertise elevators and cinemas will be further expanded, especially in the case of advertisements flowing from television stations, and the efficiency of the company's operations is expected to increase continuously, with a further increase in the Māori rate.
Profit prediction and valuation: the company is the absolute leader in the elevator advertising industry, the upstream media resources form a monopoly penetration, the conglomerates of pe (25 times) and the shares of pe to advertising marketing companies (generally between 30 and 40 times), which we believe should be 30 times more reasonable than the traditional outdoor advertising industry of the De Gaulle Group.
The elevator advertising industry is more dynamic and has an advantage over the domestic share of advertising and marketing companies.