Performance was fully in line with expectations, with strong growth, and the published performance of the public media was fully in line with expectations. Prior-year profits increased by 39 per cent in the first half/second quarter of 2018, up from 31 per cent in the first quarter.
By the end of July, the total number of media terminals had reached 2.16 million, implying an increase of about 44 per cent since this year, with business value: rmb 130.5bn/$19.1bn operating income increasing by 30 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with average single-screen income falling by about 16 per cent in the first half of the year.
Given the company’s accelerated expansion of the network starting in April, we expect the average single-screen revenue to fall further in the second half of this year. At the same time, we believe that the growth in the harvest will be slower than the final increase, because the growth in the collection is more demand-driven than supply-driven.
We expect a 22 per cent decline in average single-screen revenue for the entire year of 2018. The accelerated terminal expansion will push up rent and depreciation costs, and we believe that the next half-year Māori rate will increase by about 19 per cent, compared to the previous half of the year, and represent 16.8 per cent of total revenue.
The overall growth in cinema advertising has been slow and low. We expect the industry to grow at an average annual compound rate of 17%, largely in line with the growth rate in the film industry.
Main risks: Increased competition from competitors and/or slower economic growth resulting in increased advertising (002027.sz) profit/loss statement (rmmmn)
The group media (002027.sz) and the group media (0020227.sz) we, Liao Hao, cfa, and Dynasty, hereby affirm that all the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views on the companies or their securities mentioned above. Moreover, no part of our salary has ever been paid.
The investment summary section evaluates the investment climate of the Unit by comparing the key indicators of a stock with their industry and markets. The four main indicators described include growth, return, valuation multipliers and volatility.
The precise calculation of each indicator may vary according to the financial year, industry and region, but the standard methodology is as follows: Growth is a combination of projections for the following year and current annual projections, such as profit per share, ebitda, income, etc. The return is the sum of the capital return indicators forecast for each year, such as croci, average application of capital returns and net asset returns. The valuation multipliers are calculated on the basis of the expected annual valuation ratios, such as market gains, dividends, v/fcf, v/ebitda, v/dacf, market net rates.
In our global coverage, we use the M & As framework to analyse stocks, taking into account both qualitative and quantitative factors (which may vary from industry to region) to take into account the possibility of acquisition of certain companies. Then we rate companies on M & As from one to three, one of which represents a higher probability of a company becoming a M & A (30-50%), two with a medium probability (15-30%) and three with a lower probability of representation.
Quantum quantum is a highly proprietary database providing specific financial statement data history, projections and ratios that can be used for in-depth analysis of a single firm or for comparison with gssustain between firms in different industries and markets
The gssustain is a global investment strategy that focuses on achieving long-term excess returns by identifying leading firms in high-quality industries. The gsssustain50 focus list lists industry leaders that we believe are expected to perform well vis-à-vis their global counterparts over the long term, based on excellent capital returns, sustainable competitive advantages, and effective management of risk to esg (environmental, social, and corporate governance).
Liao Yung Fu, cfa: a unit of media, a unit of food beverages, a unit of food beverages: anhuiguingdistilleryco., jiangsuking'sluckbrewery, jiangsuyanghe, kweichowmooutai, luzhoulaojiao, qinghaihuzhu barleywineco., shanxixinghuacunfenwine, sichuanswellfunco., tsingtaobrewery (a), wuliangyyibin.
a) Media: alphagroup, beijingenlightmediaco., beijinggehuacatv, beijinghualubainafilm&tvco., bluefocuscommunication, China socialpublishing&media, facusmediainformationtech, guangdongadvertising, huaaibrothesmedia, imaxchinahalolding, jiangsu phoeenix, orientalpearl, ourpalmco., wadafim, zhejianghuacefilm&tv.
Goldman Sachs is expected to receive or seek compensation for investment banking services from the following companies over the next three months: Focusmediainformationtech (rmb9.43) Corporate ratings, research industries and ratings and related definitions
The distribution of buying and selling ratings in each industry may vary according to the decision of the Regional Investment Assessment Committee. Moreover, each regional investment assessment committee manages a strong regional buy or sell list, which changes the investment rating of those shares.
Except for (rs): We have suspended investment ratings and price targets for such stocks due to a lack of a sufficient basis to set investment ratings or price targets, or because there are legal, regulatory or policy restrictions on the publication of reports. Investment ratings and price targets for such stocks, where they exist, will no longer be valid, so investors should not rely on such information. (cs): We have suspended research on the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (nc): we have not studied the company. (na): this information does not exist or does not apply. (nm): This information does not make sense, because it is irrelevant.
This report is distributed in China by the High China Securities Agency, which is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.