On July 26, 2018, the company agreed to sign an Operational Cooperation Framework with Ali's network.
The network and its affiliates, the Alibaba Group and its subsidiary media and affiliates, will operate in areas not exceeding $5 billion within three years of the date of entry into force of the cooperation agreement. The company's collaboration with Alibaba's online advertising system will enable the company's online life circle to work with Ali.
Alibaba's electricity customers have been able to reach out to the online online media and effectively expand their marketing coverage. For the group, this collaboration has led to a package of small and medium-sized Internet companies.
By working with Ali, the company is expected to take advantage of the box's market share in the ott box area, rapidly expanding the advertising base, and placing the company in the open.
The existing advertising resources are fully integrated with Ali ' s channel resources at the video terminal to further extend the company ' s advertising delivery chain and enhance the efficiency of advertising and market competitiveness, based on the company ' s original life-cycle advertising.
This strategic collaboration between Alibaba and the decentralized media is the first innovation in the country’s advertising marketing field to create a “one-wide” advertising campaign. For the decentralized media, if the previous strategic entry of Alibaba eliminates expectations of a substantial reduction in institutional capacity, this intensive collaboration will take place.
It helps to address the risk of a decline in profitability due to the competition and market share of the new wave media’s involvement in elevator advertising. The overall advertising costs of the building’s advertising industry have declined, and industrial policies have changed.
This strategic collaboration with Alibaba will generate a total revenue of no more than $5 billion over the next three years, and will significantly expand the company's channel resources and client resources.
Three Quarterly Review of the Media: The Industry Cavalry Guarantee Corporation, Sino-Sino-Sino International Securities Company, Inc., is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
On July 26, 2018, Liu Xian Li agreed to sign a Business Cooperation Framework Agreement with Ali's network.
Its affiliates, the Alibaba Group and the media and affiliates, will carry out operational cooperation in areas not exceeding $5 billion within three years of the date of entry into force of the cooperation agreement.
1. Cooperation in advertising system services: the Media Group has entered into an intensive cooperation with the Alibaba Group to develop a new online advertising system to ensure the smoothness of all advertising outlets and enhance the value of advertising services throughout the world.
The interactive techniques and applications of human face recognition and electronic screen recognition will be developed and explored in cooperation for further consultation between the two sides. 3.ott smart television advertising: the coalition media group and the Alibaba group will reach a consensus on the area of TV advertising, will work together to expand the advertising market in this area and will enhance the sharing of resources and clients in this area.
Introduction of the concept of “global” advertising. The company is currently the largest advertising service provider in the country. By the end of March 2018, it had formed a network of community media covering some 300 cities.
Regionally, there are about 1286,000 self-employed elevator poster media covering 117 cities across the country, and the external purchase of cooperative elevator poster media covering 145 city blocks, covering the viewers of more than 300 cities across the country. This in-depth collaboration with Alibaba’s online advertising will expand the company’s life-cycle advertising service to the Internet.
In 2017, the domestic market for Internet advertising will be close to 300 billion yuan, an increase of 16.8% over the same period, with consumer-type platforms that accumulate large amounts of browsing data, consumer data, advertising data, branding and marketing prices from a variety of angles, such as promotion, operation, products, etc., worth a full explosion. Ali's mom, under Ali Baba, is one of the country's first platforms to engage in electricity marketing.
The Bureau’s multi-site data and full web traffic cover virtually all companies’ collaboration with Alibaba’s online advertising system, through various sub-flow platforms such as treasure-hunting, Skycat, Gold, and Yogurts, which allow the company’s online life circle to be deeply integrated with Ali’s online life circle. Alibaba’s electricity customers can fully reach online life media through Ali’s ad placement platform with the public.
2. The company will open up a whole new ott smart TV advertising field. The data show that in 2017, China achieved 2.3 billion yuan in advertising revenue, compared to the total number of customers in small and medium-sized Internet companies.
This represents an increase of 130 per cent, including 1.6 billion stickers, 70 per cent for the same year, 460 million for the start-up, 20 per cent for the same year, and 240 million others, 10 per cent for the same year, while the share of the Ottend advertising in the three media terminals reached 12.2 per cent, an increase of 7.3 percentage points for the same year, an increase of 3.6 percentage points for the moving end, while the share of the pc end decreased by 11 percentage points.
In 2017, the total number of T-box terminals activated amounted to 38.42 million, a 20.5 per cent increase over the same period, of which 23.32 million, or 61 per cent, were activated by Skycats and Small Rice Boxes. Through cooperation with Ali, the company is expected to rapidly expand the advertising model by taking advantage of the share of Sky Cat Box in the T-box area.
Alibaba’s strategic collaboration with the public media has meant that the country’s largest advertising medium formally joins Alibaba’s supporters.
From online life to underline life to family life, Alibaba and the other media are going to go around all the users’ consumption and living and work scenes and advertise the whole industry. For the group media, if the previous strategic entry of Alibaba eliminates the expectations of a substantial reduction in institutional commitment, this intensive collaboration will help to defuse the division.
There is a risk that the new wave of media’s involvement in elevator advertising will reduce profitability as a result of the fall in competition and market share. The media’s strategic collaboration with Alibaba has shown that the future advertising market layout of the separate media will not be limited to the online urban life circle, but will at the same time place the companies that are permanently dependent on the Internet at the end of the Internet, power-market platforms, and family life circles.
This strategic collaboration with Alibaba will, on the one hand, generate a total revenue of no more than $5 billion over the next three years and, on the other hand, will significantly expand the company’s channel resources and customer resources. The profitability projection assumes that: (2) the company’s overall Māori sales rate remains stable;
3) The company’s advertising business will continue to grow at a rate of 25% over the next three years, and the cinema advertising business will continue to grow at a rate of 30% over the next three years; 4) The company’s overall cost as a percentage of operating income will remain stable over the next three years. The overall advertising costs of the advertising industry have declined, and industry policy has changed.
Statement of income and expenditure (millions of yuan)