Smart Flying Bios (300122): The heavy weight of products continues to grow, performance keeps up high, pharmaceutical biology keeps up high. The company achieved business income of $5.228 billion in 2018.
In the first quarter of 2019, the company is expected to realize a net profit of $480-53.2 million attributable to the shareholders of the listed company, an increase of 85-105 per cent in the same year.
Autonomous products have been growing well. The company ' s autonomous product, Type II, has reached a total of over $1 billion; during the reporting period, the company ' s portfolio volume reached 6.436 million unique products developed by the company itself, with high alternatives, and a clear market advantage.
The company’s ac-hib vaccine has recently been suspended due to pending applications for re-registration. Given the company’s existing stocks of vaccines, this cutoff is expected to have less impact on the company’s normal sales in 2019.
In addition, it is expected that the company’s new RfD-3 will be registered during the year, and it is expected that it will be marketed in 2020, when an upgrade of the existing RfD3 will take place.
• The agent product is rich in variety and continues to be released. During the reporting period, the nine-priced Hpv vaccine was successfully marketed in May, the five-priced rota vaccine was marketed in September, the company agent product variety was further enriched, and the agent type II seedlings received a total of 38.88 a year.
Billion dollars (+1318.90%) are the main force behind the growth in corporate performance. During the reporting period, bulk issuances for Hpv amounted to 3.8 million at 4 prices, bulk issuances for Hpv amounted to 1.21 million at 9 prices, and bulk issuances for five-priced round vaccines amounted to 790,000.
• Work on products is progressing well. During the reporting period, recombinant nodule bacterium integration protein (ec) was restructured.
The production of two products, the cow branch bacterium vaccine (for tuberculosis infected populations) and the cow bacterium vaccine (for tuberculosis infected populations) as the only global vaccine for tuberculosis infected populations that has completed a clinical test have been included in the special approval process and given priority.
The distribution of the company’s products in the field of nodules has improved as two products have been placed on the market successively.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The company will not receive this report because the recipient receives it.
But there is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information. We have tried to report it objectively and fairly, but the information in the report and the views expressed in it do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, and the information, opinions and opinions do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financial position and specific needs of the persons who were taken from the report and do not at any time constitute an individual to anyone.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial status and specific needs.