Performance growth of 236 per cent meets expectations and the Hpv vaccine market is vacant.
▪ The company issued its annual report, with an increase of 236 per cent in performance in line with expectations: the company issued its annual report, which generated revenue of $5.228 billion, an increase of 289.43 per cent in the same year; the net profit attributable to the shareholders of listed companies, which increased by 245.75 per cent in the same year, met expectations. q4 in 2018, the company achieved sales.
The bio-vaccination event has led to a decline in the willingness of the population to be vaccinated against type II; (ii) and the slow issuance of vaccines, which has been slowed down by the tightening of regulations, has led to a partial shortage of vaccines. The hpv vaccine end-point gap, rapid release, has led to an increase in the company’s performance: with intelligent flying organisms,
With the procurement agreement with Mercerton, the distribution volume of the 9-priced hpv in 2019 is expected to be large, and we estimate the Māori rate for Hpv vaccine sales to be around 50 per cent, and the company ' s sales revenue from Hpv in 2019 will be over $10 billion, which will provide a powerful boost to corporate revenue and performance.
By the end of March 2019, the company had already issued 1.25 million Hpv vaccines at a 4-priced rate. The 9-priced Hpv vaccines were issued in 2018, of which 900,000 were issued by the end of December, and we expect to do so by 2019.
Sales, company guaranteed sales of Hpv vaccine in 2019. ac-hib triple seedlings are in their release phase, providing the second driving force for company performance growth: 6.44 million batches in 2018 ac-hib combined seedlings, considering the “vaccine incident” for a national type II epidemic
The impact of the seedlings and the batch issuance cycle, we believe, will be slightly lower in real terms than the batch issue.
The company announced on April 2nd that the application for re-registration of one of its main products, the triple seedlings for screening and prevention of tuberculosis, has not yet been completed and that the application is valid until April 1st, 19th, at the subsidiary.
We believe that this has a limited impact on the company’s fundamentals: the company’s current stock is adequate, considering last year’s approval.
The stock of unsold products and products produced in the first half of the year is 6 million.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: We expect the company to be a parent from 2019 to 2021, with net excellence, heavy-pound products coming out successively, rich in products and sustained growth in the medium and long term. Public Hpv vaccine purchase agreement, for the company industry
The Division has a strong marketing outreach capability and a clear channel advantage. Therefore, we maintain an “enhanced” rating. Performance growth provides security.
The company published its annual report, which achieved operating income of $5.228 billion, an increase of 289.43 per cent over the same period; realized a net profit of $1,451 million, an increase of 235.75 per cent, attributable to shareholders in the public sector.
Our view is that the Hpv vaccine market is wide, stock of triple-bulbs will be sufficient to sustain, company-based tuberculosis, and short-, medium- and long-term performance growth is assured. 2.1. hpv vaccine end-point gaps are large, and rapid release will generate performance growth for companies.
Throughout 2018, about 3.8 million Hpv vaccines were issued. In 2017, the product was issued mainly in November, considering the shipping cycle, and we thought that the actual sale of some of the products had taken place in 2018, on the basis of which we assumed that the actual sales of Hpv vaccines at 4 prices in 2018 were higher than the volume issued in that year.
One hundred and twenty-one thousand. The firm’s agent’s Hpv vaccine in 2018 was the company’s first vaccine class, with a purchase agreement with Mossatón, the distribution of the 9-priced Hpv vaccine in 2019 is expected to be achieved.
According to the purchase agreement, the company will purchase Hpv vaccine products totalling $5,507 million in 2019, we estimate that the Māori rate for Hpv vaccine sales is around 50%, and the company ' s revenue from Hpv sales in 2019 will exceed $10 billion, which will provide a strong incentive to double corporate income and performance.
At the end of March 2019, the company’s 4-priced Hpv vaccine had already been issued 1.25 million. The 9-priced Hpv vaccine was issued in 2018, of which 900,000 were issued in December.
By 2019, we expect to be able to sell the company ' s 2019 Hpv vaccine. 2.2.ac-hib triple seedlings are in their release period, providing the second driving force for the growth of company performance.
Impact and batch issuance cycles, we believe, will be slightly lower in real sales than batch issuances. The triple seedlings are still growing at a high rate, with further increases in production and bulk issuance, which are yet another driving force behind the growth in corporate performance.
The document is valid until 1 April 19 and will suspend the production of the ac-hib vaccine until the subsidiary has been re-registered. We believe that this event has had a limited impact on the company’s fundamentals: the company’s stock of the triple seedlings is currently adequate, considering last year’s release of products that have not been sold and the production of products produced in the first half of the year, with 6 million stocks.
2.3. The exclusive product of the five-priced rotavirus vaccine, which has a wide market space, is another product of the wise-flying biological agent, and the purchase agreements that have been signed are as follows: $247 million, 6.5, 949 million and 1.3 billion for 2018.
With the gradual elimination of the negative effects of the “vaccine incident”, we believe that it will achieve rapid release in 2019, with sales expected to exceed 4.5 million. 2.4.ec diagnostic reagent boxes and microcard vaccines are expected to be approved during the year to provide for growth in the company's medium- and long-term performance.
The company ' s diagnosing reagent in nodules, ec diagnostic reagent, is used to diagnose using a recombined esat 6-cfp10 protein, which is missing in BCG and therefore excludes the impact of BCG, which is higher than the pds; on the other hand, the diagnosing reagent in the body only needs to complete the skin test and see if there is any deviant reaction.
The treatment of tuberculosis is mainly based on chemical drugs, which require at least six consecutive months, a long treatment process and significant damage to the patient’s liver function, and is therefore particularly important for tuberculosis prevention. Companies are injecting their products.
The microcards are designed for people at high risk of latent infections, including adults. The microcards are primarily for people with germs, and are good for preventing infections of adult tuberculosis. The market space is wide because of the disease, which can be used for people infected with bacterium tuberculosis.
Assuming a price of $40-50 per screening of the ec diagnostic reagent box and $2,000 per person per microcard, it is expected that the screening of bacterium tuberculosis will be included as a regular screening project, with a higher penetration rate, taking into account admission and entry examinations.
In 2017, the number of new entrants to primary, lower secondary, upper secondary and university education was about 70 million, and the number of new entrants per year was roughly 30-40 million, so the main test population was around 110 million. According to the assumption, if the ec diagnostic reagent box was 20% per year by 2020, there would be 880-1.1 million sales.
The median positive probability is 15-20%, and because microcards are better at preventing tuberculosis, we think they have a higher penetration rate because the screening results are positive for the population with the virus. The price of a microcard is estimated to be 2000 left, right, and if 20% of the people are screened for microcard vaccines, the market is around 1.32-176 billion.
2.5. The increase in the share of proxy products has contributed to a decline in the Māori ratio of companies, an increase in efficiency has led to a decline in the cost of marketing and management costs of companies, and an increase in the number and share of corporate agents.
The Māori rate of the product is relatively low, and we estimate it at about 50%. With the release of Hpv vaccines and five-priced round vaccines, the Māori rate of the company has fallen significantly. While the efficiency of the company has improved significantly and the marketing and management rates have slipped significantly, net interest rates of the company have declined. We believe that the efficiency of corporate management has improved, although the growth of proxy products has led to a decline in the efficiency of the company.
And, with the company’s own product of the tuberculosis domain listed successively, the company’s Māori rate and net interest rate are expected to rise. We believe that the company’s products are excellent, heavy-pound products are rolled out successively, and they are rich in products and are supported by medium- and long-term growth.
Research and development projects have failed to meet the expected risks, the risk of bad receivables, and the uncertainty of vaccine risk events. With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. already has a securities investment advisory board.