The company released its second employee holding plan, its workforce dynamics and its management efficiency is expected to improve further on 04/06/04/04/04/04/04/04/04/04.
The research assistant, Lee Young-hee, issued the second phase of the employee holding plan: the company plans to implement the employee holding plan for up to 800 employees. The total amount of funds it plans to raise does not exceed $350 million and the total share of the plan does not exceed $350 million.
Thirty-five million copies, each in the amount of RMB 1.
• Staff ownership plans will increase staff motivation and the efficiency of corporate management: all of the participants in the SPEs are core cadres of the company and its affiliates, with a total of no more than 800 participants, and 13 of them are company directors, supervisors and senior managers participating in the SPE schemes.
Four directors, three supervisors, and six senior managers. After the implementation of the Stakeholder Scheme, staff are more aligned with corporate interests, and the workforce is expected to increase further, leading to rapid release of existing products and rapid growth in corporate performance: 2019 under the procurement agreement.
The company will buy Hpv vaccine products totalling $5.507 billion, and we estimate Hpv's gross rate of interest at about 50%, and the company's revenue from Hpv's sales in 2019 will exceed $10 billion, pushing the company's revenues and performance to double. We estimate the price of 4 and the price of 9 hpv vaccine sales.
The company announced on 2 April that one of its main products would suspend the production of the ac-hib vaccine on three days until the subsidiary had obtained a re-registration. We believe that this event had a limited impact on the company’s fundamentals: the company’s stock of the three seedlings is currently adequate.
Taking into account last year's release of unsold products and products produced in the first half of the year, stocking is at 600 , and the company's future growth can be expected: the company's diagnostic reagent in the nodules, i.e., ec, is higher than the pd skin test and less expensive; the company's micro-carat vaccine is primarily aimed at the company's micro-cancer.
The vaccine will increase by 236% as expected, with Hpv vaccine.
The market space is wide for people infected with bacterium tuberculosis. The microcarbide vaccine is now complete, and the market space is wide and will support the company’s fast-performing clinical trials. Both products are expected to be marketed this year, and they will be listed in the company’s business.
ii. The Smart Flying Biology (300122): Tuberculosis  Profit Forecasts and Investment Ratings: We expect the company to be affiliated with the parent company from 2019 to 2021 for net disease screening and prevention for tuberculosis control.
The focus is on the long-term excellence of the market, the introduction of heavy-pound products, the abundance of products and the support of medium- and long-term growth.
The Division has a strong marketing and extension capability, and the channel advantage is evident. So we maintain an “upscaling” rating.
Irresistible nature of risk events. Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, already has a securities investment advisory board