Healthcare pharmaceuticals, biotech and life sciences.
Incidents: The company issues the second draft of the employee holding plan, which is self-financed in the amount of 350 million yuan, financed on the basis of 1:1 for a total amount of up to 700 million yuan, purchased through large-scale transactions for the purchase of shares held in shares or a centralized bid in the secondary market in the amount of up to 1.5 per cent of the total share capital.
A large number of employees hold shares and look forward to the company’s medium- and long-term development. According to 1:1 financing, employees raise their own $350 million, up to a total of $700 million, are bought through large-scale transactions to purchase shares held by shareholders in holding shares or through a concentrated competitive second-tier market, in quantities not exceeding 1.5% of the total equity, locking up regularly for 12 days.
The total number of persons covered by the employee holding scheme is not more than 800, of which 13 senior directors and supervisors are not more than 29.43%: the total share of other employees is not more than 70.57%.
The company looks forward to the future, while at the same time providing strong support for the current stock price. The three-skinned dry needles are reported, and the re-registration of the needles does not affect sales in the same year.
There are currently about 5 million stocks, of which 1.6 million (basic total market value/flow (million yuan) have been issued for sale since this year; the company's frozen dry triple seedlings (excluding aluminum saps) are expected to report production in June.
Under the circumstances, approval is expected by the end of 20 years, and we're judging from the current stock of 3D water pins, if Ji Fei Bian (300122) is performing well, the needles will be approved by the end of 20 years and sold over 20 years.
The development pipeline is rich, with a variety of heavy-pound species growing, and keeping an eye on the company's long-term development of the Hpv Foundation (300122).
The exclusive ac-hib benefits gradually replaced the heb monolith, the ac combination, and the peaks are expected to raise the purchase substantially, and the performance contribution is expected to exceed the 1.1 billion net profit: the peak of the Hpv vaccine (nine plus four) is expected to contribute more than 3 billion net.
- 2018/11/06 Profit: The five-priced rotavirus was released in 19 and is expected to contribute more than 500 million net profit after the steady state.
Ryo; successful progress in the development of heavy-pound varieties, prevention of the introduction of micro-cards and ec diagnostic reagents, expected to be achieved in 19 years, with heavy-pound varieties in anticipation of the expected peak sales of about 3 million pieces, contributing 1 billion net profits; three-generation degenerative seedlings are expected to be on the market in 21 years.
The staff holding plan is strong, it's strong enough to show confidence in future development, it's strong enough to show confidence in future development.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.