Three questions are asked: The Mardi Gras King, who has made a brilliant new act - the Five Foods and fluids (000858) is covered for the first time, and the Crags are back on their way, and the reform is expected to continue. In recent years, the Five Foods and fluids have been targeted for their former existence.
In the short term, Eibin City's state-owned assets are responding to the epidemic, maintaining price stability, a strong offer, increased confidence in the channel, and the library.
Limited/36.0 per cent Good quality, high-end sales are expected to recover to more than 70 per cent in May, and the midday season is expected to accelerate recovery.
As the first brand of high-end wine under the roof, it is expected that priority will be given to the demand for high-end white wine, and that spillovers, expansion of capacity and improvement in excellence will also be a strong support for its supply.
At the value level, as the company continues to operate well, it is expected that the difference in valuations with Mao Dai will diminish.
One price plate is less stable, the price-fixing rhythm is slightly outpaced, channel interests and confidence are undermined, and the industry’s adjustment period is marked by a lot of price reversals. Two brands are redundant and dilute brand competitiveness, buy-out and oem models are successful in hatching a large number of brands.
It also leads to competitive internal consumption of brand resources, poor quality of products that weaken the positioning of the five grains, high-end branding, and weakening their competitiveness. 3 Reliance on the “big business system”, weak channel control, less equitable, poor adjustment period, and failure to rapidly increase public consumption.
Group 4 non-relevant diversification strategies have, to some extent, delayed the White House industry. “Second entrepreneurship”, what is the five grains of liquid doing?: 1 organization: set depths to bind employees & distributors and companies’ interests to invigorate the company’s operations. 2 brands & products: make famous wine.
Genetic advantage, multichannel display of brand culture, continued deep-seated brand value; continuous refinement of the product system of the "1+3" and series of wine four national strategic monoliths, 19 years of clean-up, homogenized products, integrated series of wine companies have worked, and companies will be at the top of the core.
On the basis of brand positioning, super-high-end products (programming 3000+priced products on a 501 basis) are further promoted and brand image promoted. Channel 3: Platform-based marketing system changes, s027051906001
To promote down-deeping and fine-tuning of channels, import of board fractions, deeper digitalization reforms, online and off-line integration, the creation of new retail management companies, and the development of new channels such as group purchasing, which are expected to improve control and operational efficiency.
4 Capacity: Building a company’s competitive edge in the high-end liquor market by taking advantage of the cellar pool, leading the pure-food solid yeast industry, robustly expanding production + raising the premium rate to secure the supply of high-end alcohol. Where is the room for the high-end liquor, and how will future growth be driven?
High-end alcohol growth logic, countercyclical regulation + new infrastructure is expected to stimulate demand for white wine, and high-end alcohol is a priority. High-end wine markets have strong competitive patterns, and later difficult to live in, limited production capacity, and five grains of liquid.
It is hoped that the demand for high-end alcohol will spill over as a matter of priority. 2 Five grain fluids are inextricably linked to the reforms that have taken place since the company's “second start-up” in terms of product structure, governance systems, brand values, technological innovation, profitability. Future reforms will continue to deepen, and the dividends of the reforms will continue to materialize. 8th Generation of classic five grains will be born in 2019, and the five grains will be successfully completed.
The price increases, the ratio of high-priced alcohol continues to rise, and future corporate gains are at the bottom of a virtuous track with a series of optimal brands, products, channels. Risk factors: 1. Policy risk 2. Demand for high-end alcohol is less than expected. 4. Change is less than expected.
1 First question: Why was the White Wine King turned against the past? Five grains, as a brand of strong white wine, are one of China’s leading representatives in the history of white wine. Since the 1980’s, five grains of water had arrived in the spring of the Kingdom.
During his term of office, the five grain fluids increased their prices (first up in '89, in '94, in '94, in excess of the price of wine, in '98, and in '98, in '86, in the form of new workshops, in the amount of 10,000 tons, in '92-94, in the form of continuous expansion, in the amount of '90,000 tons), in the form of innovative channels (first-start buyout, oem, etc.)
In 2001, the city of Maotai in Guizhou grew rapidly, and the multi-dimensional pursuit of the five grain fluids and the anti-superbine was accelerated.
In January 2007, Mao took the lead in raising the price of the plant to between 22% and 438 yuan per bottle, although the price was also raised.
But the price-led situation has been reversed, and the size of the harvest was reversed. Over the next few years, the two took the lead in terms of the size of the harvest. After 2012, the industry went into a period of deep adjustment, and the profits from the five grains fell, while the huts grew in reverse.
In our view, the discussion of why the five grain fluids have been turned over by the Chinese white wine industry, which is second, needs to be combined with the macro and industrial context at the time, so we start with a simple review of the development of the 20 remaining parts of the white wine industry in our country.
According to the above analysis, the five grains are the “golden decade” for the development of the white wine industry and the subsequent depth adjustment period. We believe that the rapid post-Kolden decade and the low profitability of the pre-dating model of the five grain fluids have provided opportunities for the bottom, while during the industry depth adjustment period, the five grains are priced.
We will discuss and analyse each of these three points in the following paragraphs, as a result of failures in governance, brand strategy, and channel patterns.
The crisis has strained consumption, our economy is high with investment, and rising consumption is driving the population away.
Living standards and consumption capacity of the population, our economy is growing at a very high rate, and the main reason for this is that it's going to be needed for white wine as a whole.
Investing in the quality of white wine and production is growing at a rate of 20 per cent.
It's a low-profile brand. And around 1997. During the financial crisis, the popular consumer rises; it's a place to stay.
The financial crisis of the year was a setback to consumer consumption, and the government's "4 trillion" stimulus, food, tobacco, and so on.
People's awareness of the quality and quality of their products has increased further with China's economic growth.
The White Wine industry is looking forward to a new round of developments in the gold industry, starting with a period of adjustment, white.
The wine industry has grown, the wine industry has grown, the air cycle has increased, the division of the industry has increased.
The government is trying to fix the price regulations of the '88s, free of the white wine, investment in the white wine industry.
The White Wine industry has emerged as a new industry, growing up in the late 1990s, with the division of industries.
Increased demand for business, further growth, industrial restructuring, government demand for social gifts, development steps.
It's getting worse, the high-end white wine industry is trying to crush the consumption of white wine, Shanxishaw, into the Golden Decade.
In particular, the high-end white industry: the same negative news as in the state fake alcohol case.
The negative news again hit white 1.1 price control: price boards are less stable and price-fixing rhythms are out of order.
Ten years ago, five grains were still firmly in charge of the industry’s pricing rights, and the huts followed as a price. Since 2006, the five grains began to raise prices frequently, with a cumulative 20% increase by October 2007, and the huts were more stable.
In 2008, the duo first raised the price of the five grains, and then, at the point when the price was raised, the duo received priority, but the five grains continued to have an advantage over the price range. After 2012, the industry entered a period of deep adjustment and government consumption shrunk sharply, when the price of the five grains was raised in reverse, but the demand was weak, the market was expected to be lower, and the price increase was received in negative feedback, triggering channel prices.
In the face of the “restriction of consumption by the three publics” strategy, the five grain fluids pursued a “facilities-to-people” strategy, which continued to lower prices in 2014, followed by frequent price increases, which not only affected the confidence of the channel, but also caused some disruption in the expectations of the market.
Figure 9: High-end liquor transfer mechanism 1.2 brand strategy: Five grains and liquids with redundant dilution of brand competitiveness
In the first five grains, the purchase-out business model, with sole ownership of a brand owned by the comptoir, the comptoirs have sole responsibility for the completion and promotion of the market objectives, and the brand is owned by the five grains. In 1994, Fujian thuga co-food company, together with the five grains, launched the “five grains ol” and bought the entire national distribution of the five grains ol brands and became the five grains hydrazine.
The country’s first brand bought out the dealer. In 1996, the Oem License model was first created, with the FFA responsible only for producing and processing products, while brand ownership remained with the merchants.
While the buyout and oem models have succeeded in incubating a large number of brands, they have also resulted in competitive internal consumption of brand resources, and poor quality of products have weakened the high-end brand image of the five-food fluids and weakened their competitiveness. While the product of the five-food fluids has extended to more than 100 brands covering medium- and low-end markets, the problem of excessive subbrand extension has also become apparent:
Sub-brand differences are insufficient: Sub-brand style and consumer group differences from the extra-fruit to the sub-brands are more competitive or stressful: too good sub-brands or markets and brands for the liquids are developed.
The main products are 53, 43, 38 and 33 degrees of "Kotai" and 80, 50, 30 and 15 years of "Kotai".
The high- and middle-level "Mao-Dai Prince" and low- and middle-level "Mau-Dao-Bing-Bing" products are among the low-end products. While the same is true of multi-brand strategies, there is a clear positioning of extended brands, a clear distinction between sub-brands and dominant brands, and a strict definition of branded products, with reference to the labels of the "Mau-Tai Group" and no confusion about the Mao-Bing brands.
In addition, Mao Tai has further developed his brand culture, and the main brand has continued to grow. Mr. Yuan In-kook, the company’s managing director, identified Mao as a cultural wine in 1999 and proposed in 2000 a “three huts” cultural strategy for “green huts, humans, technology huts”.
At the end of the statement are higher sales costs and lower net interest rates, mainly due to the need for greater cost-investment and relatively lower ton prices, compared to the well-known main brands.
After 1994, a large-scale marketing channel model was promoted, with companies assigned a regional role, with strong distributors with full responsibility for marketing the region's five-food fluids, with secondary and tertiary distributors, resulting in a multi-tier distribution model; large traders had greater influence and control in the region, and five-food fluids were reduced through a large-scale business model.
After the twenty-first century, the white wine industry reached its golden decade of 2003-2012. The major business malpractices of the top five distributors of the five grain fluids in 2003-2008 were highlighted after 06 years, with the stronger pricing and dominance of the central distributors weakening the five canals.
After 2013, when the industry entered a period of deep adjustment, government consumption faced a shock, and public consumption became a much-needed growth point. Although initial attempts to change the channel of the five grain fluids began in 2010 and its development improved, dependence on large businesses declined significantly, the problem remains, with a huge backlog in the stock of large distributors forced to finance and save.
In addition to low-price sales due to turnover pressures, large-scale businesses occupy more resources and channels that fail to accelerate the growth of public consumption. In terms of equity, the return of the five grain fluids to large and small distributors is inconsistent and less transparent.
Figure 14: Pre-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Year Business-Year Business-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O
Further enrichment of the channel system, the advantages of finer channels are highlighted. Small firms, while more dependent on the brand power of their manufacturers, facilitate the delineating of marketing channels, so the “small-scale” strategy helps the huts have a stronger voice in front of the distributors, a more direct control of the channel and a stronger management capacity, and a faster flow of information on market responses.
In 2013 and 2014, the agency threshold was lowered twice to push down the channel, and the recovery and net profits were reversed during the industry’s deep adjustment period, creating a leading position in the white wine industry. Maotai Limited contributed $25 million in 2014 to the establishment of e-commerce shares with the Maotai group and associated companies.
It was only after 2017 that the five grain fluids deepened the channel changes and pushed digital marketing, starting the road to a head-on. Strategy 1.4: The group’s non-relevant diversification strategy has to some extent dragged on the white alcohol industry.
Since the last 1990s, it has opened the path to diversification, investing in alcohol production, pharmaceuticals, etc., but investment has failed and yielded little results. Since 2003, it has accelerated on the path to diversification.
Together with the Chinese Academy of Science in the PV industry, at the end of 2009, the five grains and fluids industry, in collaboration with the Huamong Automobile Group, established the Siaoyang Xinjin Power and Mechanics Company Ltd., which transferred all shares in 2011. Five grains and fluids are frequently involved in areas that are not good, lack management experience, implement non-relevant diversification strategies, and, to some extent, drag on the white wine industry.
The second question is, "Second Enterprise," what's the five grains of liquid doing? 2.1. Set-up depths to bind employees & distributors to give life to the company's operations, changing the ground in 2018 to boost the dynamism of its employees and distributors.
The company (directly holding 35.21 per cent), which actually controls the IQC, holds a combined share of 54.84 per cent of the company through the IQG and IQC State Asset Management Limited. In April 2018, the company was modified to raise a total of 1,853 million yuan, for the purpose of subscriptions to the IQP/EQA 1 share.
Not at the expense of the company’s management and staff/distributors and related personnel.
The current directors, supervisors, senior managers and members of the Party Committee (Li Jong-gwang, Chen Lin, Zou Tao, Yang Qi Ha, Wu Guoping, Chu Chung-yu, Tong Pak-hyun, Tang Sung-yun, Rowe, Zhao Dong, Wu Jian-jun, Peng Ji-il-il) hold approximately 1,898,683 shares, representing about 2.22% of the total number of undisclosed shares.
(0,01 per cent, representing the share of the total stock of the company after issuance, same as in Beijing (0,01 per cent), Ying Bin Ji-hwan (0,14 per cent), and the interests of distributors and companies, which are expected to mobilize a variety of incentives to invigorate the operation and development of the company.
2.2 Liquor genes, constantly digging for brand value, have a long history, and ancient guests have settled in the hearts and minds of substitute craftsmen, and the fineness of the wine is in the heart of Ying Bin. I was long ago when I was in Tang, and the long-haired wine shop was here to dig the ground and set the stage for the legends of the five grain fluids.
On that day, the five grain fluids had the “Ming Qingging Sanctuary Community”, made up of hundreds of old cellars, such as Long Hair and Leichuan Young, the first to be built in 1368. For hundreds of years, these pits have never been fermented. They are the early cave-style wine mounds found in our archaeology, and they are the only structures in the world to date.
In 1952, eight ancient wine-making workshops were set up by a public-private partnership in China.
The Sichuan company, the Yi Bin Wine Factory, which was officially named in 1959 as “the local Sichuan State-owned IYBIN V-Liquor Factory”, was transformed in 1998 into “IYBIN-Liquor Company Limited” in Sichuan Province and has grown into a modern manufacturing industry, modern packaging printing, optical glass, modern logistics, rubber products, etc.
A modern conglomerate for diversified industrial development. Building a good brand image requires a long build-up, a long history, and a strong cultural base for the transmission and innovation of unique brewing processes that provide a high-end brand image of the five grains, which plays an important role in their core competitiveness.
Figure 20: The five-food fluid development process, both domestic and international. With the exception of the first National Wine Review Conference, which was not elected, the five-past-of-the-line competitions since 1963 have been rated as “national wines”; in 2004, “China’s most valuable brands in the white wine industry” were obtained;
In 2019, the People’s Craft Trader’s Brand Award was awarded. Five grains were awarded several prizes abroad, and brand values were highlighted.
Multi-channel branding and branding. Over the years, the five grain fluids have attached great importance to corporate image and product branding. For many years, the five grain fluids have displayed brand brands at 19 o'clock in the cctv-1 full-time paper: cctv-2's famous corporate song shows at 10 p.m. every night after the news. Five grain fluids at cctv--
2 shows the history, honour, and brand stories of the business story series. The strong marketing investment of the five grains demonstrates their strength and brand self-confidence, bringing the brand of the five grains to the heart. The five grains have also been very successful in sports and cultural marketing, for example, the 1998 Tennis Invitations for Five Food Cup Celebrities, the 1999 Five Foods and Illness Wall Century, and so on.
In 2016, in association with Jing Jing Jing Jing, a group of people opened wine products on their mobile phones.
The first Super Brand Day, the five-food fluids became the first of the five-food brands to work together in Kyoto. In 2017, the first Five-Food-Little Cultural Heritage Forum was held at the five-food group, with youth as its theme, culture as its focus, and the future as its orientation, demonstrating the commitment of the younger generation of five-food-Little men to quality and craftsmanship, highlighting the power and responsibility of cultural heritage.
To enrich and expand the content of the five-food fluid culture and enhance brand competitiveness; to strengthen brand culture in 2019; to effectively integrate traditions with the emerging media; to coordinate advertising; to strengthen the dissemination of brand names through a series of priority projects and major events; and to raise the profile of the international arenas such as the China International Import Fair, held in London and elsewhere.
In August, on the occasion of the beginning of the school year, the "Five Grains of the Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-
In November, the exclusive title, "Change the Palace", was joined by Big P. In addition, the company set up the Five Grain Culture Institute, which is based on a “three integrations” strategy that reinforces traditional and age-old integration, content and forms, material and spiritual integration, and tells the story of the Five Grain brands in a unique form.
Chart 22: 2019: "The Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five Cultural Research Institute, President of Lee Loong-Ry-Fight Institute, IGy-Four-Tour-Tour-Tour-Tour-Tour-Tour-Tour-Tour-Tour-Tour-Tour-Tour-Tour-Tour-Tour-Tour-T, I.
2.3 Combine the product system, highlighting the status of the core five grains and fluids, and the long-standing path to re-engineering the five grains and fluids brands. In the course of their development, the five grains gradually focus on the overexploitation of brand values by pre-brands, with the introduction in 2015 of the “1+5+n” brand strategy, which was adjusted to “1+3+5” in 2016.
In December of the same year, the "4+4" strategy was proposed. The implementation of the "1+3" strategy was continued in 2018, and the 40th anniversary of the opening of the reform was launched in April.
Liquor and the New Age of the Nation, where brand values are raised around unique, scarce and personal dimensions, have been followed by the launch of its super-high-end tailor-made "Crystals" series, which continues to develop the market for extra-coded weddings; and the implementation of the "1+4" strategy for the series of self-employed wines, which creates multi-level brands to meet the needs of a wide range of popular white wine consumers.
In 2019, the five-food fluids maintained their brand image, introduced a “brand constitution” and multi-channeled 73 homogenized products; the five-food fluids consolidated three series of liquor companies into one, managing them in an integrated manner. In 2020, the five-food fluids will continue to advance the “1+3” product strategy, with four main monoliths.
Launched in March of this year, the super-high-end products of the “Mingi Pool Boiling” and the “Clean Pool Boiling” from Workshop 501 — 501 — have three main features: a defined workshop, a restricted cellar tank, and a limited number of craftsmen, and are extremely scarce. The product series locates the ultra-high-end consumers, activates the super-high-end market, drawing on the unique, scarce and individual nature of the product.
In addition, the company focused on the 80th edition of the classic five-degree-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-year-a-half-a-half-year-long-a-year-year-long product mix. With the completion of the 2019 series of wine companies, the five-a-half-a-year-a-long-a-year-a-long-a-half-a-a-half-a-a-half-a-a-half-a-half-year-a-year-a-year-a-year-a-year-a-year-a-year-a-a-long product mix will focus on four major national strategic monoliments and continue to optimize the product structure of the product.
The basic principles of a strong series of liquor products, based on a focus on brands and a focus on market inputs, have led to the formation of five grains, five grains, two billion large monolithics, and five grains, one of 1.5 billion and one billion large singles, with different price levels of layout, further expanding the sale and market size of a series of wines throughout the country and the region.
In February, the P5 series launched a 70-° fire blasted little wine aimed at young consumers pursuing high quality and heights. Figure 25: The P5 series 1+3 & 4+4 strategy
The eighth generation of classic five-year-olds, the four-plus-four strategy, the five-year-olds, the 100-year-olds, the friends.
Liquor, fire, 2.4-channel flattening, digital empowerment Promotion of sinking and fine-tuning of marketing channels: In 2017, the Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-City Shop project was planned
The construction of thousands of core marketing terminals in hundreds of major central cities, thousands of priority districts, including the Ito special stores, flagship shops and socially influential marketing terminals: more than 400 new special stores in 2017, 1587 in 2019, and 292 (youy+25.98 per cent) compared to the previous year.
As of 2019, the number of sales workers in the company had reached 1,150, a 75% increase. We believe that the 100-thousand-City-City-City-City-City-City-City-City-Sixteen Engineering Support Company has further promoted the flattening and sinking of the channel, adding to the expansion of the sales team and increasing its control over the end of the channel. In addition, the 100-City-City-City-Sixteen-Six has also been digitalized by the company.
Platform-based organizational marketing changes, with 21 marketing zones and 8 major core marketing zones. In 2019, the five grain fluids transformed the seven major marketing centres system into a marketing field system, based on a provincial basis, from market capacity, market potential, competition.
A three-dimensional approach to building single-provincial or multi-provincial marketing zones, in close association with distributors, will help companies to be closer to the market, closer to the end, closer to the consumer, and more sophisticated and efficient services to the market through the establishment of 21 marketing zones and 60 marketing bases in the country.
Digitalization allows the import of a control board to accelerate the digital transformation of marketing. Since 2017, companies have been working with ibm, sap, marking the official launch of the digital transformation. In 2019, companies promoted the upgrading of the services of the Five Grain Specialized Stores and the construction of the Five Grains Core Terminal System to complete the integration of the product supply chain to international, national large-sales.
In the same year, the five grain fluids were imported into the “control board profit” model, three dimensions from the supply chain, channels, consumers, three core sections of the price plate, the cargo pallet, the demand plate, the order tray, the channel dish, the service tray, the assistor disc, and a commitment to strict control of the inventory and market price of the channel, guaranteeing a reasonable profit for all links of the channel.
Large-scale data support for accurate identification of consumer groups, maintenance of channels, business decision-making, integration of three yards of “box code-box code-cover code” and implementation of the full-range clean-up mechanism “Commerce-to-ware-to-ware-to-custody-to-consumer buy-to-cover code” based on single-scan code and sweep
The code-based statistics provide an unusual mechanism for dealing with irregularities, identifying distribution areas and distribution channels, linking manufacturers, distributors, and distribution terminals. The eighth generation of liquids as digital products is reflected in marketing centres through a full-scale sweep mechanism. The control-distribution model helps the five-channels to obtain real-time information on product sales from multiple angles and to adjust their marketing regulations in a timely manner.
Chart 32: Establishment of a stable and transparent scanning mechanism - layer-scanning Chart 33: Anomalous violations based on single-scan codes
In order to speed up the digital transformation, the five grain fluids provide an incentive to sweep through the channels. From the point of view of distributors, the incentive mechanisms are linked; from the consumer's point of view, consumers have access to anti-false information, learn to combat forgery, and from the point of view of consumers, they have access to the Five Grain Consumers' Club and enjoy membership rights.
The company also increased its incentives to distributors at the sales fair that year, with 774 (yoy+36%) as star winners, 1112 (yoy+12%) as individual winners, 120 (yoy+76%) as contribution winners, 850,000 as an asterisk award and 5 million as a special contribution award.
The digital transformation of sales is an important weapon for companies to improve their operational efficiency, access control, and counter-price controls. Channel prices continue to be fine-tuned, with better profits and higher confidence and motivation on the part of distributors, contributing to the long-term healthy development of companies.
1 is linked to the 1218-year-old incentive mechanism, based on the opening of bottle sweeps by consumers and the loading of a special store as one of the basis for the examination by the exclusive store.
Consumers open bottle codes and new members register, both of which trigger one of the exclusive nuclear bases, linked to the end-of-year 1218 incentive mechanisms.
The terminal binds the only distributor in the region and acquires the accumulation of end interests by binding the dealer's entry code.
Three key triggers for the accumulation of end interests
Open bottle sweeps, engages in retroactive security: 2. Consumers open bottle sweeps, 2, join the Five Grain Consumers Club, and enjoy membership rights.
Intra-line integration: Through the construction of a digitized package, the five-food fluids initiated the project of building an intelligent retail system, officially launched the “Five Food Cloud Shop”, officially opened the “Cloud Services” at the country's five-food stores, built an integrated marketing interface and consumer non-contact product distribution service, pre-positioned customer consumption orders and pre-positioned consumer consumption orders.
Through Ali's leading technology and large numbers of users, the Five is actively developing new retailing in the “Internet+” era, accelerating the promotion of numbers.
The company actively promotes consumer-centred smart retailing, direct contact with consumers, and carries out activities such as auctions, sculpting, scribbling, and drawing prizes for the benefit of consumers. In 2020, a new retail company was set up for the five grains.
High marketing accuracy will continue to deepen collaboration with online retail platforms, new retail chains, new power-marketing platforms, special bank channels and the establishment of operating management standards to build new retail companies into five food and fluid branding platforms, product marketing platforms and consumer interaction platforms.
2.5 Steady expansion, with the advantage of high-quality alcohol production, highlights the strength of the five-food fluid's excellent brewing process. The five-food fluids produce a world of perfect quality, using five food formulations, “packs” for sugar fermentants, old cellar fermentation equipment, unique pure-food solid fermentation processes.
It's known as the Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Five-Five-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-Fly-F
A cave-like fermented tank, with its largest single-breeding shop in the country, will be located in the next few decades. The company relies on the advantages of its cellar pool to build super-high-end products, such as 5 grain fluids, 1618 and 501, while increasing its profitability, and to further strengthen the high-end brand image of 5 grain fluids. In addition, it has a series of wines, such as 5 grain springs, 5 grainsols, 5 grains, and 5 grains.
First, high-quality alcohol production = total production * high-performance. Total capacity: companies have long hair rises, Lichuanyong, Kim Heung-chung, Liu Ding-hing, Jong-sung, Jong-sung.
After the establishment of the country, five major expansions were made, 800 million yuan in 1992-1994, eight constructions were completed, amounting to 200,000 square metres.
Two of the world's largest brewery under the Mount of St. Helena, with 6,000 cellars, have produced more than 90,000 tons of wine. As of 2019, the company has developed into a “Ten Mile” city, with a capacity to produce more than 200,000 tons of pure food and solid white wine.
The best: the best is closely related to the age of the cellar, the longer it is, the higher it is, the better it is, the more 75% of the best of the Min Qinggu can be over 100 years old, the base of the cellar less than 10 years old does not have the capacity to produce the original wine needed to produce the five grain fluids and their products.
The company plans to achieve more than 300,000 tons of pure, solid-state capacity in the future. According to our calculations, a high-quality alcohol production capacity of about 40,000 tons in 2025, at which time the premium rate is about 13%, we believe that the premium rate is expected to increase further as the company grows its brewing process, and that the productivity expansion plus the premium rate will increase for the company.
In 2020, the company will ensure that 300,000 tons of pottery wines are fully produced, and phase two will start as soon as possible. The company plans to bring the original wines stock to full capacity.
1 million tons, the extension of the original wine storage cycle is guaranteed, thus laying the foundation for the upgrading of product strength. Assuming that the premium rate for cellar pools is about 75% for more than 100 years, 55%-60% for more than 60 years, 35% for more than 45 years, 30% for 40 years, 20% for 25-35 years, 16% for more than 20 years, 8% for less than 20 years and 10 years
3. Third question: Where is the room for the five-food fluids, and how will future growth be driven? Under 3.1, over 10,000 people, high-end alcohol supply is the preferred option for overflowing demand. 3.1.1 Mass consumption rises and increases in consumption, and the high-end liquor market will continue to grow in the future.
In 2019, the production of white wine fell year-on-year, and in the age of industrial stock competition, it was still a structurally driven cycle. Since 2015, after the industry had passed the period of deep adjustment, the overall income and profits of the industry had recovered significantly, while production had continued to grow at a lower rate, maintaining a single-digit growth, and in 2019, we produced 7859,000 litres of white wine, the same amount.
In addition, the higher-end, branding drive of the industry as a result of rising consumption, and the greater contribution of the price factor in income growth. Moreover, the higher rate of revenue growth for the publicly traded liquor business than for the industry as a whole can also confirm this logic. In 2018, businesses above their size achieved sales revenue of $536,383 million (as compared with +12.9 per cent), the country as a whole.
In January-November 2019, the Liquor Association published figures for the same increase in absolute terms as the same increase in absolute terms as in the same figures published by the Liquor Association.
The difference is based on the base. The difference is based on the base.
At a very low level, less than 1%, less than 20% in size, with some room for upswing, stable internal competitive patterns, and the firm’s highest level of certainty, it is in our minds the best way to compete. Popular consumption rises, consumption rises to high-end demand for white wine that provides strong support, consumer willingness and ability to buy.
After 2012, high-end white wine consumption gradually withdrew from the historical stage, and it was popular consumption that took the baton. To date, the share of high-end white wine consumption has shrunk from 40% in 2012 to 2% in 2019, while public consumption has increased by 20 pct to 38%.
Consumption drivers have been transformed from “business and business consumption” to “business and public consumption”, leading to a healthier and more stable industry. In recent years, the disposable income of our urban residents has continued to grow, consumption levels have increased, and the size of the net population has risen rapidly, with high-end white wine on gift social attributes, face attributes, and investment collections.
The advantage was further activated by the growing consumer demand for “good wine, healthy wine, brand wine”, the increased willingness of consumers to buy high-end white wine, as well as their increasing purchasing power, which we found to be a high-end alcohol purchasing power based on a low-priced income/500m152-degree-high-priced wine for urban residents.
In recent years, the price of high-end alcohol has risen rapidly, but still stands at less than 20%, and the price of high-end alcohol has risen rapidly, rising at less than 20%. Prices: higher demand for high-end alcohol consumption, combined with insufficient supply of high-end alcohol, retail prices are on the rise. Sales: three high-end liquor sales have risen rapidly.
The combined volume of high-end liquor sales is over 60,000 tons a year, and it is still low after a rapid increase in sales, mainly due to production capacity and supply. Size: the willingness and capacity of our consumers to buy high-end alcohol is increasing, with three high-end wine representatives (Flying Skygate, P5 and State cellar 1573) driven by a double price increase and a rapid increase in the size of the white wine industry above its size.
The share of total revenue is also rising year by year. In 2018, the overall market for high-end alcohol was about 110 billion yuan, representing about a simple measure of the future demand space for high-end alcohol: because the demand for high-end alcohol is closely related to the income and wealth levels of the population and the family, we measured the market for high-end alcohol in two dimensions.
Quantities: from the number of middle-class households. High-end alcohol is consumed by the middle-class. According to Euromonitor, the number of middle-class households in the country was 102,582.82 million in 2018, expected to reach 11.92.4 million in 2025, and high-end alcohol sales in 2018 were about 60,000, or 134,971 bottles (estimated at 1 ton of 21,24 bottles).
The consumption rate of 38 per cent corresponds to an estimate of about one bottle of high-end alcohol per year for every two middle-class households, and about 50 per cent for middle-class households, which has continued to rise in recent years, with a neutral assumption of 100 per cent penetration in 2025, i.e. one bottle of high-end alcohol per year for every middle-class household and 50 per cent for the general population.
Prices: From the point of view of men's disposable income. By analysing the price of the high-end leader's Mao Tai wine and the income of the country's men, we found that the two were more relevant and were more evident in the period 2000-2012, when the price of the Maoutai wine/man's disposable income in the country was 13/14%.
However, in recent years, the price increase has been much slower than the increase in men ' s disposable income, and in 2012-2018, the price increase will open up the price increase for five grain fluids and other high-end liquor, such as the national gin, but it is expected to be less than low.
Tai, let's assume that the price of high-end alcohol in 2025 is 1.6 times that of 2018, or 2.77 million yuan per ton. Income size: overall, we believe that there is still much room for rising demand for high-end alcohol, and that the supply of the high-end alcohol will support the price, and supply and demand are expected to continue with the tightness of supply and demand.
In 2000 or so, there is support for the possibility of upward shocks in the public cellar (in thousands of dollars) and the availability of plentiful wine, which also opens up price increases for other high-end wine. The market demand for high-end alcohol in 2025 is expected to be stable, with a stable pattern of competition within the high-end wine market and later difficult and limited production capacity.
Cr.3 to 93%, the high-end liquor market conglomerate has been formed, and the high-end liquor market has been firmly positioned. The concentration has increased significantly, with the first three high-end wine brands rising from 71% in 2008 to 93% in 2018, and the oligopoly pattern has stabilized.
In recent years, there has been an upward trend in sales and the share of high-end liquor in the market. High-end white wine not only represents a high quality made of white wine, but also a consumer’s sense of ownership of many elements of brand history, status, and its own branding.
High-level liquor is difficult. High-end tap production is limited and there is a gap in supply and demand. Based on the brewing process, we propose the following two hypotheses to estimate the future availability of low-level wine: one or more years ago, the transition rate between the base and the finished wine was around 1 4 years ago.
80.5%, the base alcohol used in the finished wines in the year 2 came in part from four years ago, in part from five years ago, and assumed that in that year the base alcohol used in the finished wines was 50% of the base alcohol used in the years four years ago and five years ago respectively.
Assumptions in 2020 are also expected to exceed the projected availability. Assuming that the base continues to break the projected availability limit, such as by adjusting stocks and old alcohol retention rates, in 2025 the supply will reach 50,000 tons (with a shortfall of about 54,000 tons, the five grains will benefit first).
Figure 60: Analysis of the feasibility study on investment in alcohol modification works (Lu Jie), company announcement, 3.1.3 covid-19 accelerated industrial concentration, countercyclical regulation + new infrastructure to stimulate white alcohol consumption
The outbreak hit the white plate from the supply side to the demand side to the main consumption scenes, such as wine gathering, receptions, gifts, etc. The supply side directly contributed to the resumption of the work of small and medium-sized liquor companies with less capacity to control the epidemic. In January-February 2020, the volume of alcohol and alcohol production fell by the same amount.
16.9 per cent in March/April, with the epidemic under control and the resumption of work in an orderly manner, the cumulative output has been shrinking by the same magnitude as the previous year, while the performance of the listed companies has shown a slight increase in the gross operating income of 2020q1 and the net profit on return to the mother, as well as a decline in contractual liabilities and cash flow indicators, as a result of the pull-off of leading and individual liquor companies.
Inner performance is divided, and high-end tap resistance is evident. At the receiving end, only 5 of the 18 listed white wine businesses have continued to grow by 20q1 and gross revenue from Kotai/P5 operations in Guizhou has increased by 13/15 per cent over the same period; from the net return to mothers, only 5 liquor companies have increased by 2001, and the net return to mothers in Kotai/P5 has increased by 17.19 per cent over the same period.
High-end alcohol companies such as the grain fluids, Kodai, Guizhou, have been active in tackling the problem, promoting a return to work in an orderly manner, safeguarding confidence in the channels, maintaining price stability, and actively using opportunities for consumer development. Five grain fluids have been active in the aftermath of the epidemic, and three thematic meetings have been held since the beginning of February to study the prevention of the disease and to maintain the “stable progress” that was developed at the beginning of the year.
On the basis of this approach, the plan, the channels, the structure, the “three optimizations”, the accelerated mechanism, the team, the digitalization of the “three transformations” were followed by the adoption of five rules of engagement, without a single-size-fits-all approach.
Not only does it represent a strong brand pull, but not only does it look up, but the U-fly and P-Five dots pass the stress test. After a brief search for less than 2000 in late March, the speed with which the epidemic is under control has improved and warms up quickly, and it's about to remain above 2300 in the near future.
A steady recovery and a healthy level of stock.
2. Distributors ' classification adjustment, no one-size-fits-all, precise application of plan optimization quotas, marketing, accurate validation of market costs, 3.2 working days of completion of market cost validation and acceleration of cash flow from distributors
Listening to the market, strengthening clients, cashing the terminal credits by the end of February, fully mobilizing terminal participation services, completing the terminal by the end of February
We can see a certain correlation between the industrial cycle and macroeconomic and business performance.
Half of the high-end white alcohol consumption is provided by commercial consumption, and this is particularly relevant in the last cycle, especially after the “4 trillion” stimulus policy in the wake of the financial crisis. With the impact of the epidemic, the country’s economic growth has been strained, countercyclical policies have been scaled up, market liquidity has been supplemented, and capital investment in April has been reduced by 10.3% on a cumulative basis.
The pmi index, although declining by 1.2 pcct due to insufficient external demand, is still above the glorified line, and is expected to warm back as the US and Europe resume their production. Although this round of high-end alcohol recovery has been driven largely by the rise of public consumption and has weakened its correlation with the growth of m2 and solid capital investment, it still shows a strong correlation with the expansion of manufacturing.
In addition, the country has continued to promote new capital policies, and the recovery of the infrastructure chain has stimulated the white wine business consumption scene, and the high-profile 3.2 reform has been successful, driving the increase in profitability, the rapid growth of net revenue and the growing profitability of the economy.
In the wake of the recovery in the high-end alcohol industry, the net profit on corporate revenue and homecoming has recovered at a rate of increasing profitability. In 2019, the company achieved business income of $50.12 billion, an increase of 25.2% compared to the previous year, and a net profit of $17.4 billion compared to the mother, an increase of 30% compared to the previous year.
The upgrading of the dietary fluids in terms of product structure, governance systems, brand values, science, technology, innovation, profitability, etc. is inextricably linked to the reforms that have taken place since the company’s “second entrepreneurship.” Future reforms will continue to deepen, and the dividends of the reforms will continue to materialize.
New Dynamics’ long-term approach further highlights the business approach of continuing price upgrading, further strengthening quality, strengthening management, strengthening digital transformation, and further upgrading core competitiveness.” Companies will continue to refine their product systems in line with the “triple focus” requirement and the “three focus” principle, with a focus on strengthening plans, channels, etc.
“The next step of the company is to build the ‘four poles’, i.e., to build the Chinese wine industry’s leading scale poles and digitalization.
At the same time, the five grains need to focus their efforts on the three dimensions of ‘brand upgrading, channel innovation, digital technology empowerment’ to achieve high-quality marketing in the market, and to develop a new model of growth.”
The eighth generation of classic five grains, the successful completion of product replacements, the continued rise in the ratio of high-priced alcohol, the sound of the bottom of a virtuous track of future corporate progress in a range of brands, products, channels, and the launch of the “Acceleration One” exercise, which was launched in March, led to the introduction of the “Depressure Reduction, Three Losses” project.
To date, five-food liquid end sales are expected to return to more than 70%. In addition, new channels, such as company sourcing, and new retail sales, are expected to reach 20% of the volume of five grains this year, according to the Department’s target, with a total of more than 3,000 group purchases as of 15 May.
With the 2019 re-alignment of the series, the reduction of brands has led to a decline in the revenue from low- and medium-priced alcohol, and we expect sales rates to be higher as the next series of wine products rises in 2019, mainly as a result of product rotations and the transformation of channels, this year in response to the effects of the epidemic, companies or higher fees, and in the future, as brand power rises and channel reforms work out.
At the absolute level of costs, companies have worked well in recent years, at the cost-rate level, and are benefiting from a decline in scale effects.
Channels demonstrate brand culture and continue to dig deep for brand value; continuously improve the product system of the P5 brands "1+3" and the series of wines, four major national strategic monolithic products, clean up homogenous products in 19 years, integrate the series of wine companies and have proved effective, and the Department will further roll out ultra-high-end products (based on 501 profiles) based on a focus on core high-end brand positioning.
In the short term, we believe that companies have a strong response to the epidemic, maintain price stability, strong batch prices, improved channel confidence, improved inventory integrity, and high-end sales.
In May, it is expected to return to more than 70%, and the midday season is expected to accelerate. In terms of 20 years of performance, the company offers a “triple loss”, group purchases, new retail sales, etc., and prices: eight-depp-5 tolls, double-digit growth, with a higher degree of certainty. In the medium and long term, it is expected that the five-food fluid will benefit on a priority basis as the first brand of high-end liquor under the puddle.
Overflowing demand from high-end white wine, expansion of capacity and improvement in excellence will also be a strong support for its supply. The current recovery during the epidemic, with a strong price of five batches and a positive recovery during the season, is expected to stabilize in the long term on a benign trajectory of rising prices. Reforms continue to deepen, their effectiveness is being realized, and companies can grow robustly.
1. Policy risk: White wine consumption has a certain relevance to policy, limiting or regulating the consumption of the corresponding products in certain consumption sites will lead to industrial adjustments. Moreover, more recent consumer-promotion policies are needed to alert that they are not forthcoming.
2. High-end alcohol demand does not meet the expected risk: high-end alcohol expansion is an important factor underpinning the company’s future growth, suggesting that high-end alcohol demand does not meet the expected risk.
4. Reforms do not meet the expected risks: the deepening effectiveness of corporate reforms and their realization are a major driver of corporate growth, suggesting that corporate reforms do not meet the expected risks.