Second entrepreneurship is back on track, and the reform dividend continues to release five grains (000858.sz)
The external environment is characterized by increased brand concentration, rising consumption, and a very wide range of costs as a convenor of five grains. Internal dynamics suggest that, as the Year of Marketing of Five Grain Reforms, in 2019, companies undertook many changes in brands, channels, organizations, and implementation efficiency.
In 2020-2022, the net profit is expected to be $20,430 million, the high-end white wine pattern is stable, and the future will continue to expand.
High-end alcohol entry barriers are high, patterns are stable, and companies, as high-end white wine second brand, have a strong competitive advantage and will continue to benefit from the expansion of the high-end white wine market.
Since 2017, the company has undertaken multi-dimensional changes in brands, products, channels, etc., to upgrade the value of the five-food fluid brands, optimize the product system, and improve the short-channel system. On the main brand, the focus on the “1+3” product system, the classic five-food fluids, has been successfully upgraded.
In the area of marketing, the channels are sunk to optimize end-building; the organizational structure of marketing is flattened and market enforcement is enhanced; import controls are divided, digitally enabled, and channel controls are strengthened. • Channels are starting feedback loops, and the dividends of change are being released
In 2019, a breakthrough was made in corporate marketing reform, the reform framework was largely completed, and major breakthroughs were made in establishing new marketing models, raising product prices, etc. At the same time, the reform was a gradual and gradual process.
There is still potential for release in terms of matching, enhancing access, and tapping into branding. Looking ahead, companies will continue to benefit from rising consumption and brand concentration in the white and wine industry as corporate brands and markets are upgraded.
1. Company: Monument King, history 1.1. Quality and branding are excellent, product cores are outstanding. History is a thousand years old, brands are deeply popular.
Back in Sheng Tang, the brewing formula was modified several times, and the name changed several times and was officially named “Five Grains” at the beginning of the 20th century. The company was founded by eight wine-breeding mills and became a State-owned wine factory in 1952 and was transformed into the “Five Foods and Liquids Group” Limited in 1998.
Liquor, the National Quality Management Award, China’s best-faith enterprise, and the 100-year Sebo 100-year-old prize are among the hundreds of national and international honours. In 2019, the five grains brand ranked 19th in China’s 500 most valuable brand and 2nd in China’s 2019’s 50th most valuable liquor brand.
The productive capacity is strong, and the quality of the quality is excellent. The FFA is located in the heart of the “China White Wine Triangle” and its natural environment is superior in terms of temperature, water environment, soil, microbes, etc. The history of wine brewing dates back to the business week at the earliest, and the five grains are born here over the millennia, with continuous improvement in production skills and clear pre-existing advantages.
In 2008, traditional food and fluid brewing techniques were included in the national intangible cultural heritage. Companies are constantly upgrading their manufacturing processes to improve the quality of alcohol, which is expected to reach 30,000 tons by 2020, with high-quality alcohol production being the second largest.
The stockholdings are the State Property Management Company of the City of Eibin, which effectively controls the supervision of the State Property Control of the City of Eibin.
In order to stimulate internal momentum, the company launched a public launch in September 2015 for a total of 18.5,23 excellent dealers, whose interests are fully tied by equity gains, and which effectively stimulates internal momentum.
At the end of the 1980s, five grain fluids seized the opportunity to market prices, first price increases in the industry, first-time buyouts, nationalization of the brand model, continued to expand capacity, and became the largest in the white wine industry at the beginning of the twenty-first century. After many years of rapid growth, companies began to experience historical accumulation problems in branding strategies and channel models at the beginning of the twenty-first century.
During the restructuring of the industry, the company made certain mistakes in its price strategy, causing its performance to decline, and the position of high-end wine gave way to its position in Guizhou. In 2017, under the leadership of its new chairman, Lee Loong-gwang, the company fought against the product.
On the product, the product system is streamlined to highlight the high-end value; organizational, the liquor company merges to facilitate integrated management; and 21 marketing zones are set up for quick response.
Markets, marketing channels, reduced dependence on large businesses, and the introduction of the “Many shops in hundreds of cities” project and the “Cutting of profits” model to strengthen control over terminals. The transition from the seventh to the eighth generation of the fifth is successful in 2019.
High-end white wine has the best pattern, high-growth certainty 2.1, high-end white wine has a stable pattern, low-price policies have a strong impact on the industry, and high-end white wine market shares are highly concentrated in the top three brands, with the highest rates in the city.
The white wine market was about 120 billion, with a 99 per cent share in the city of Mao, 5 grain fluids, and the state cellar 1573, of which Mao's share in the high-end wine market was about 63 per cent, and its pricing policy had important implications for the industry, with the five-food fluids in the high-end white wine market about 29 per cent, and since 2012 the market share in the five-food fluids market had been largely stable, as a result of the high-end white wine.
The barriers to branding are extremely high, so it is very difficult to change the pattern of competition. 2.2. High-end white wine will continue to grow in the future, with a strong degree of certainty.
As wealth rises, consumer confidence rises, consumers pursue higher prices, higher quality goods that reflect a person ' s wealth status. In 2012-2019, the high-end white liquor market grew at a combined rate of about 10%.
In terms of sales: high-end white wine is now sold at about 70,000 tons, a compound increase in 2012-2019, benefiting from consumption upgrades and branding drives, and it is expected that future high-end liquor sales will continue to be protected.
High-price prices have opened up the price ceiling. In terms of sales: high-end white wine is now sold at around 70,000 tons, with a compound growth rate of about 10% in 2012-2019, benefiting from consumption upgrades and branding drive, and it is expected that future high-end liquor sales will remain viable.
Ping has doubled since 2011, when the prices of the skyscrapers, the five grain fluids, and the state cellar 1573 end were just at their highest level in 2011, and purchasing power estimates of the price of the matai still have the potential to increase. At the same time, the price of the mahogany is much lower than the price of the wholesale price, and there is room for raising the price.
Figure 8: High-end alcohol prices are still within acceptable range (unit prices/dollars) Actively promoted internally and externally, reforms are deepening 3.1, brand resources are overstretched, and marketing and channels are short-cut
The development of too many brands has a negative impact on the image of the main brand. The strong fragrance of white wine production is characterized by a low quality alcohol rate, which must be accompanied by the production of a large quantity of medium- and low-end alcohol, so the five-food fluids create an oem sticker model, the medium- and low-end products are bought by distributors, and the sale of low- and medium-end alcohol can be achieved more efficiently at an early stage.
As the scale expands, sub-brands are overexploitated, markets are poorly managed, and the market value of the main brands is diluted. Channel control levels are short, and distributor structures need to be optimized.
The pursuit of turnover, low-price runs, leading to down-priced, price-inverted channels, and, under the large distributor system, poor corporate control over end-market behaviour, insensitive and incomplete feedback on market information, and lack of timely response to the market, as well as better enforcement of corporate policies.
Price strategy failures, overlapping industry adjustment periods, long-term price collapses in products, low channel confidence. In the 2013 industry adjustment period, five grain fluids raised 10% of the price of a crystal bottle to boost channel confidence, but pessimisticly, the market environment did not succeed in raising prices, causing pipeline prices to collapse, accelerating batch prices, and then lowering exit prices.
Prices, expected disruptions in prices further undermine the confidence of the channel and accelerate the downswing of the price. 3.2, branding, re-marketing, short-channeling, rapid roll-out of systemic reforms, 3.2.1 focus on the main brand, cleaning up of the series of products
The company brand strategy is guided by the “triple once” principle of ensuring pureness, consistency, hierarchy and increased brand recognition. On the brand side, the focus is on the “1+3” product system, the seventh generation of the “5” product has been successfully upgraded to the eighth generation of the “5” food fluid, and the channel price has been shown to be favourable and successful in manufacturing, wholesale and retail prices.
In the area of alcohol, the company integrated into the series has achieved rapid thinning and has cleaned up homogenized total distribution products; in the promotion and promotion of brands, deep-seated brand content, increased advertising and event marketing, and higher brand heights. 3.2.2 Marketing reform has been rapidly landing and channel control capacity has steadily improved.
In June 2017, the company launched a project entitled “Many shops in hundreds of cities and counties” to upgrade new distributors in empty cities and counties, while upgrading a group of five-food and liquid stores in accordance with standards, and developing and screening socialization terminals that meet the criteria for building and maintaining them. This will help to improve the downside and strengthen the end of the process.
In 2019, the five grains were divided into seven major marketing centres that had been operating for many years into 21 major marketing zones that were flattened and closer to the front line, and increased marketing and management.
The control fee, which was officially imported by the company after the eighth generation of the grain fluid was marketed in 2019, controls the distribution of profits from the channel and increases the process of testing the terminal capacity of the distributors ' services.
Nuclear, stabilizing the market order, fixing profits at all levels, and achieving positive feedback in the process of moving the price system upwards.4 The efficiency of internal and external management has improved markedly, with the outbreak in early 2020 causing disruption to the company’s operations.
In addition to the external causes of the epidemic and the warming of consumption, the internal causes of the deepening of the internal reforms of the company are also important, and they have a clear role in regulating the supply of goods on the market and maintaining order in the market, and there is growing confidence in the channel.
The company has taken the initiative, actively and effectively, to launch an “enabling” initiative to help businesses solve practical problems. The company has asked the marketing districts to combine the epidemic, focusing on market research and analysis, optimizing plan quotas, speeding up market fee reporting, meeting end-point credits in a timely manner, and making it practical.
(a) Strengthening client services, among other things. Particular emphasis was placed on “classification of distributors, scientific precision and non-one-size-fits-all” and on supporting capable, strong, well-stocked and self-intentioned distributors;
A series of supportive policies that are sufficiently personalized, refined, and refined to highlight the ability of the five grains to respond to the system. Companies are working together to expand demand and actively seize compensatory consumption opportunities.
Based on the consolidation of the previous phase of “helping distributors and maintaining market order”, the company’s conglomerate has accelerated the recovery of market consumption and actively seized compensatory consumption opportunities, with the first effect. First, for the eighth generation of food fluids, the manufacturer, together with the distributors, has actively engaged in the acquisition of customers and the provision of product customization services, while at the same time arranging for hospitality.
In April, the epidemic began to ease, the consumption of white wine warmed, and the demand for money returned to normal.
At the end of May, we estimated that half of the annual returns had been made and that, with the resumption of sales and the increase in prices, there had been an increase in the motivation of the channels to make up for the supply of supplies, which had increased in the second quarter.
Real stock at the dealer level is not high, future sales are expected to resume, and the prices of the five grains will continue to rise gradually. The current level of stock at the end is also low, rising prices will drive the end to make up the inventory, the dealer stock will be further deflated, the company’s delivery pace will be properly relaxed, the dealer’s return will increase, and the market will be positive.
In response to the outbreak, the company has increased its efforts to develop and evaluate the volume of group purchases per sales officer, and has increased its support for group procurement channels, such as packaging and individualized services.
Group purchase orders do not account for the dealer’s plans, and manufacturers join forces to conduct group visits to large enterprises, which are now well under way. The group purchase channels effectively complement the 2020 performance in the short term, and are important in the long run for consumer growth and branding.
In 2019, a year of important breakthroughs in corporate marketing reform, the framework for corporate reform was largely completed, and major breakthroughs have been made in importing control-discount models, raising product prices, and so on. Reforms have also been gradual and progressive.
Market teams are being built to match plans and needs, increase access to power, and develop branding. Looking forward, as corporate brands and market management rise, companies will benefit from the upward trend in consumption and concentration in the white and wine industry, which will continue to grow.
Revenue assumption: The company plans a double-digit growth rate in 2020, which should come mainly from the classic five-food fluid exchange price increase in mid-2019, and an increase in sales. A series of alcohol is expected to be more affected by the epidemic and may increase at a lower rate than the overall water Māori ratio assumption: the company’s cost does not change much. Consider the company’s optimal upgrading product, a series of wine branding.
Cost assumptions: As companies expand demand proactively, future sales costs are expected to rise steadily, management costs are expected to decrease gradually as size expands, financial costs are stable, and overall cost rates for the period tend to decline year by year. Markets generally use relative valuation methods for the food and beverage industry.
Ping, it can be found that in 2020 the white wine industry averaged around 27 times pe, and that the current value of the five grain fluids is 28 times pe, slightly above the industry average, taking into account improved management within the company, robust growth and growth, valuation, upgradation, five grain fluids as a veritable dragon head, large amount of space, internal kinetic energy, modified as a five grain fluid in 2019.
During the Year, companies undertook many changes in their brands, channels, organization, and performance efficiency, with the 2020 epidemic providing precision, active response, and continuous deepening of reforms. We appreciate the company’s potential for long-term development. The macroeconomic downturn is expected to lead to a decline in demand, a significant impact on company production, food security, and so on.