The fall in sales and the bankruptcy of the subsidiary are delaying performance, looking at the 2022 performance release \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
q4 sales have fallen, and the liquidation of subsidiaries has been the main reason for the lower-than-expected performance. In a single quarter, performance has been lower than we expected. We believe that the reason for the change in the company’s performance is: 1) the main product q4 sales slipped: the company produced about 5.02 million tons of potassium chloride in 2021, about 4.65 million tons of sales and about 370,000 tons of deposits;
According to the company ' s and Koda ' s manufactures, the company produced about 2270,000 tons of lithium carbonate in 2021, sold about 19.2 million tons, and we measured the company ' s q4 lithium carbonate production by 64 million tons, with a 17.9 per cent decline in the ring comparison, and sold 4,200 tons, which triggered the company ' s performance release of 2021q4.) The subsidiary ' s bankruptcy liquidation and fine: the company ' s indirect controlling shares.
The liquidation of the nitrate industry in Qiuzu, which is expected to reduce the company ' s net profits by about $600 million in 2021; the payment of $195 million in ecological restoration and damage to the environment by fully-owned subsidiary salt, lake energy, is expected to reduce the company ' s losses by 2021
The annual profits are about $11 million, while the return of mining revenues affects the annual profits of $357 million. Potassium chloride, lithium salt prices are high, and corporate performance was released in 2022 in 2021. \triangleright
On 19 January 2022, the tariff rate for potassium chloride (57 per cent powder) and potassium chloride (60 per cent powder) was 3350 and 3490 yuan per ton, with an increase of 281 yuan per ton per ring q4; according to the Asian Metal Network, the average tax price for the industrial grade lithium carbonate was 32.55 million yuan per ton, with an increase of 13.27 million yuan per ton per ring q4 price.
The company's salt lake lithium expansion has been successful, and will be extended to a large scale in the future to ensure the company's future performance. 1. The company has formed a salt lake lithium project, “1+2+3,” including a joint venture with Koda in the Blue Lithium industry.
Qualitative potassium lithium resources, Salt Lake Dragon Growth Promulgates Biadi, a joint venture with Biadi, where the Lumko Lithium industry is in the middle test phase, and the Salt Lake is in the middle test phase. 2) The company emits an old halo content of 200,000 to 300,000 tonnes of licl per year, which may support the future.
The strategic position of food security is highlighted by the fact that the global supply and demand pattern of potassium fertilizer is good, and that prices will be high over time, and companies will be expected to grow over time.
In the long term, there are fewer new potassium mines, low project delivery expectations, slower supply of potassium fertilizer, but the contradiction between the continued growth of the population and the decline in the per capita cultivated area will support the growth in the long-term demand for potassium fertilizer; in the short term, the importance of food under sanctions, epidemics and volcanic eruptions in Belarus is highlighted, and the price of potassium fertilizer is expected to remain high.
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.