Salt lake shares (000792); performance below expectations, continuing to benefit from lithium salt, potassium fertility (for the first time)
Salt Lake shares issue annual performance forecast for 2021: expected to be marketed in 2021 Performance below market expectations q4 performance loops decline due mainly to lower profits from subsidiary salt Lake energy refunds from companies throughout the year
Three hundred and fifty-seven million yuan. At the same time, Salt Lake energy paid $195 million in ecological restoration and environmental damages, reducing the company ' s annual profits by $111 million. In addition, the company ' s four-quarter sales of lithium carbonate, in the Blue Lithium industry, were 4,200 tons, a 44.4 per cent decline in the ring.
This is also one of the reasons why the four-quarters performance has fallen short of expectations. Potassium is well established, with prices rising steadily, and the company has 5 million tons of potassium fertilizer (potassium chloride), or about 58% of the country’s potassium fertility.
The company produced about 5.02 million tons of potassium chloride in 2021, sold about 4.65 million tons, and sold 370,000 tons in the year. According to a popular offer, potassium chloride (60% of the powder) in the Qinghai region is the new carbon neutralization that drives the new pattern.
The supply of the field is unlikely to increase significantly, while the demand for downstream agriculture is more rigid, and the annual strategy for new materials for the chlorinated potassium chemical industry, 20220116 Divisions of potassium chloride plate, will continue to benefit.
Lithium carbonate has been released further, with a continuous build-up in the atmosphere, and the subsidiary, the Blue Lithium Company, added 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate production capacity in 2021 and continues to climb.
Lithium production is estimated at 227,000 tons, sold at about 19,200 tons, and accumulated at about 3,500 tons during the year; according to Anteco's offer, the current price of lithium carbonate at the domestic industrial level is 33.25 million yuan per ton, 188 per cent higher than the average price in 2021.
The ratio will continue to grow, while the price of lithium carbonate will continue to rise in a context of tight supply of and demand for lithium salt, and the company ' s lithium salt plate will remain high in 2022. The offshore lithium salt lake and lithium mine will be over-expected, lithium battery demand will fall short of expectations, chlorination will continue.
I did not, for no reason, nor would I be taken into account in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is used only by customers of Chinese securities.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.