Proactively promoting efficiency gains, promising corporate development prospects. In-depth report on New Olympic shares (60803), 30 August 2024
The company's customer pool is huge. The company is mainly involved in the sale of natural gas and the provision of related services. By the end of June 2024, the company had 260 urban gas projects throughout the country. The market cover was Gae Anhui, Fujian, Guangdong, Guangxi, Hebei, Henan, Hunan, Jiangsu, Jiangxi, Liao.
In 20 provincial districts such as Ning, Shandong, Zhejiang, Shanghai and Tianjin, over 30 million families were served by the S034052308001 Court and 250,000 business clients, with a large customer pool.
In terms of domestic resources, companies have signed medium- and long-term purchase contracts with China Oil and cooperation agreements on the use of the canoe facility to expand three barrels of oil resources to support downstream market development; and companies have strengthened their own pool of resources to optimize Xinjiang.
China, Da Tang Energy, Shanxi Coal and Chongqing Shale Gas base costs. International resources, 1.8 million tonnes/year in 2023 under a new contract with the United States company Chelney, with 2 million tonnes of agreement with nextdecade, confirmed by Chevron and Doddall.
Over the next five years, prices and long-term resource framework agreements were signed with Abu Dhabi National Oil Corporation, which accumulated more than 10 million tons of resources per year. Overall, companies actively promoted the pooling of domestic resources, the expansion of the international pool of resources, and the diversification of the corporate portfolio.
Diversity helps to reduce companies’ dependence on a single supply, enhances the supply and transfer of natural gas, and the expansion of the future can be expected to boost the operations of the company lang outlet and direct sales.
At the same time, it provides gas storage services to the city’s burning companies, which help companies to sell gas directly. In the future, as the three phases of the project are gradually completed, they will be connected.
The processing capacity at the receiving point will be further enhanced, and it is expected that the company lang will be boosted by a combination of additional measures and a reduction in financial costs. Companies will promote the replacement of high-cost loans through a variety of measures, such as the issuance of domestic bonds, low-cost loan swaps, and a significant reduction in the size of the debt, and
Investment proposals: maintain a firm's “buy-in” rating. The company has a long-term deep-deep natural gas industry with a large pool of customers.
The diversity of the portfolio helps to reduce the company’s dependence on a single supply, and enhances the flexibility of natural gas supply and transfer. In addition, the construction of the three phases of the receiving station is proceeding in an orderly manner, with three phases of the project becoming operational in the future.
The processing capacity of the canoe receiving station will be further enhanced, and it is expected that the company ng will be able to boost its operations, such as the delivery and direct sale of gas. In the context of the benign development of the gas industry in our country, the company is worth developing a deep-farming gas industry, with a huge customer pool.
1.1 Deep Farming Natural Gas Industry, a clean energy company primarily involved in the sale of natural gas and the provision of related services. The company was established in 1992 and placed on the market in 1994.
The company’s main operations now cover the wholesale and direct distribution of natural gas, retail gas, engineering and installation operations, coal and methanol operations, integrated energy operations, etc., with a strong distribution network and associated infrastructure, and a clean energy industry of high quality with a combined upstream and downstream natural gas industry.
1.2 The size of the large customer pool. In the first half of 2024, the company sold 19.1 billion cubic metres of natural gas, accounting for about 8.9 per cent of the country ' s total natural gas consumption, with a higher market share.
By the end of June 2024, the company had 260 urban gas projects throughout the country, covering 20 provincial districts, including Anhui, Fujian, Guangdong, Guangxi, Hebei, Henan, Hunan, Jiangsu, Jiangxi, Liaoning, Shandong, Zhejiang, Shanghai and Tianjin, serving more than 30 million families and 250,000 business customers, with a large customer pool.
The company, which is based on 260 nationally owned urban gas projects, expands the development of its surrounding customers through innovative service models such as a single collection, staircases, etc. At the same time, building on a large customer base, the company develops general-energy and intelligence-based operations that satisfy the demand for diversified, low-carbon green energy products and services.
The rapid growth in corporate revenue in 2020 was mainly due to the company’s acquisition of New Olympic energy and its inclusion in the consolidated statements. Billions of dollars, an increase of 14.80 per cent over the same year, or a major improvement in the company’s financial costs.
15192 million yuan, or 11 per cent; construction and installation revenue, or 6 per cent. Depending on factors such as natural gas resource procurement, customer structure, business model, the company divides gas operations into natural gas retail, wholesale, platform trading gas, of which the share of retail gas revenue is the highest, at about 60 per cent.
By region, domestic revenue from the company ' s main business was $13,593 million in 2023, representing 92 per cent of the total, 27 per cent of the company ' s income, and the company ' s operations were dominated by direct sales, supported by distribution.
2.1 Industrial economic development and gas prices contribute to the demand for natural gas at the lower end of the year 2.1.1 The industrial economy is steadily developing 2.1.1 The industrial economy is steadily developing. With the implementation of macro-level policies, the country ' s gdp grew by 5.0 per cent in the first half of the year compared to 5.0 per cent in the economy
In January-July, the value added of industries above our size grew by 5.9 per cent on a year-to-year basis, the industrial economy was stable, domestic demand continued to recover and external demand improved. In January-July, total retail sales of social goods increased by 3.5 per cent on a year-to-year basis, with a 7.2 per cent increase in retail services and a sustained recovery in domestic demand; total exports amounted to 14.26 million.
Industrial production is an important application site for natural gas, with industrial fuels accounting for about 40% of natural gas consumption, and industrial economic development helping to raise demand for natural gas. Statistics show that industrial fuel use rose by 8% in 2023, as a result of such factors as the acceleration of industrial production.
2.1.2 The price of the ng gas source is determined by the market at the bottom of the same price. In 2013, the National Development Reform Commission (NRC) referred to the liberalization of the ng gas source price, and in 2014 called for further steps to be taken to implement the policy of liberalizing the import ng gas source price.
Gas prices have a clear impact on demand. According to the paper China Gas Demand Impact Mechanisms and Trends Projections in the Bicarbon Context, market consumers may slow down through demand reduction or choice of coal in the event of an increase in natural gas prices.
In 2022, high gas prices had a crowding-out effect on demand, with our gas consumption of hundreds of millions of cubic metres, an increase of 7.6% from the previous year, a record high. Since this year, the national price of ng plants has averaged $4,541 per tonne, a decrease of 8% from the previous year.
In summary, the industrial economy has been growing steadily since this year, with the same price of gas added to the same price and demand for natural gas growing rapidly. In January-July this year, gas consumption in the country was 2,489.96 billion cubic metres, an increase of 9.7 per cent over the same period. The China Natural Gas Development Report (2024) estimated that the national gas consumption in 2024 was 42-4250 billion cubic metres.
Figure 18: Projected natural gas consumption in 2024 (billion cubic metres) Figure 19: Imports from ng in China and a similar acceleration rate of 2.2 gas prices combined to move in an orderly manner, enabling enterprises to channel procurement costs
In order to deepen the process of natural gas price reform, in June 2023, the National Development and Reform Commission issued guidance for the establishment of a sound upstream and downstream price linkage mechanism for natural gas. In December of the same year, a circular was issued to accelerate the implementation of the reform of the price of heating water for gas, urging local efforts to target favourable window periods for low-price operations.
On July 21, the Xinhua Society was authorized to publish the Xinhua Central Report on Further Development.
Globally, since the outbreak of the Russian-Turkish conflict in 2022, the European gas supply has been strained, in order to fill the Russian pipeline gas gap, Europe has attracted global lang resources to Europe at a premium, breaking the existing balance of supply and demand, and international gas supplies.
In 2023, the international gas market, which was characterized by structural supply and demand imbalances as a result of the Russian-Ukrainian conflict, became progressively more balanced, with international gas prices collapsing down.
In 2023, according to the China Gas Development Report (2024), imports accounted for 42% of our natural gas supply structure. As a result, changes in international gas prices will be expected to produce our gas industry.
In the context of large fluctuations in natural gas prices, price-fixing mechanisms are gradually helping gas companies to channel procurement costs, thereby contributing to the positive development of the gas industry. A number of listed companies in the gas industry have now disclosed their performance reports for the first half of the year, with nine sources of energy referring to “the ability of companies to keep their clean energy operations on a stable footing in the first half of the year.”
Māori improvements by companies” Figure 24: Gas imports in major natural gas-importing countries, 2023 Figure 25: China's gas supply structure
3. Active promotion of efficiency gains, with corporate development prospects of 3.1 international and domestic bi-pools to enhance corporate gas supply capacity Domestic resources, expansion of 3 by signing medium- and long-term purchase and sale contracts with China and China Oil and cooperation agreements on the use of the canoe facility
With regard to international resources, in 2023, the company agreed with the new president of the United States Chelney Corporation, 1.8 million tonnes/year with the nettdecade.
The 2 million-ton JCLU contract came into effect, setting prices with Chevron and the Lords Association of Dowdar over the next five years, and signing a long-term resource framework agreement with Abu Dhabi National Petroleum Corporation, which accumulated more than 10 million tons of resources per year. Overall, companies actively promoted domestic resource pooling, expanded the international pool of resources, and increased diversification of the corporate portfolio.
The combination of sources helps reduce the company’s dependence on a single supplier, enhances the flow of natural gas supplies and transfers, enhances the orderly progress of the three-phase project, which is expected to facilitate the company’s operations, and the construction of the three-phase project of the canoe receiving station is proceeding in an orderly manner. The company’s ownership of the canolng receiving station, which is approved by the National Energy Agency, is in an orderly manner.
The first large-scale lng receiving station project, which was invested by private enterprises, was launched in October 2018, and the second phase was launched in June 2021, with a combined design processing capacity of 5 million tonnes/year.
(b) In March 2024, all of the additional 4 220,000 cubic metres of the three-phased storage tanks were completed, marking the peaking of the air pressure during the construction phase of the main building phase of the project, which marked the completion of the three-phased eng tanks and the construction of concrete on the roof in September 2023.
The main canline operation is fully transferred from the exterior cannery construction phase to the interior cannery installation phase, and the overall three-phase construction is expected to take place in September 2025. Future expansion of the canoe receiving station is expected to facilitate the company’s operations.
Reloading, storage, gasification, out-loading, etc., and providing external services to obtain out-of-pocket costs. In 2023, the receiving station was 1556,800 tons. At the same time, the receiving station provided gas storage services to the burning industry, which helped the public to sell the gas directly.
Multi-faceted innovative operations promote receiving-station service products through good gas grid platforms, MicroCredit, 2nd Good Gas Festival, and 6th World Oil Dealers Congress. The processing capacity of the canoe receiving station will be further enhanced in the future as three projects become operational.
3.3 A combination of measures has contributed to the decline in financial costs. The interest rate for new mid-term instruments issued each year has been significantly lower than that for mid-term instruments issued in 2023, and enabling companies have reduced their financing net repayment of dollar debt and controlled the size and cost of dollar debt.
In general, companies promoted the replacement of high-cost loans through a variety of measures, such as the issuance of domestic bonds and the replacement of low-cost loans, resulting in a significant decrease in the size of their liabilities and in a fall in financial costs, which fell in 2023 on a year-on-year basis, thereby affecting the company ' s performance.
At present, the Department is actively promoting domestic resource pooling, expanding the international pool of resources, and increasing the diversity of the corporate resource mix. The abundance of the resource mix helps to reduce companies’ dependence on a single supply side and enhances the flexibility of gas supply and transfer.
Outgoing, the construction of the three-phased project of the Arkyama receiving station is proceeding in an orderly manner, and as the three-phase project is gradually being completed, the processing capacity of the docking station will be further enhanced and it is expected that the company ng will be able to contribute to the operation of such operations as the lang outlet and the direct sale of gas. (1) In our country, the risk of gas source acquisition: gas source acquisition by gas companies depends mainly on international procurement and China oil, China petrochemicals, China Sea, China and China.
Oil supply, which is more dependent on upstream suppliers. If there are supply fluctuations in upstream domestic suppliers or force majeure in overseas imported gas, this will have a negative impact on gas companies. (2) Risk of price volatility of raw materials: subject to the complex political and economic situation at home and abroad, natural gas procurement in recent years
Price fluctuations are high, and if the gas sales price adjustment is not timely or inadequate, there is a risk of exchange rate fluctuations for gas companies (3): the raw materials of gas companies are partially purchased from the international market, and the purchasing settlement currency is mainly the United States dollar, with certain dollar assets.
The cost of procurement will fluctuate and the holdings of United States dollar assets will generate exchange gains and losses that will have a direct impact on the performance of gas companies. (4) Risks of safe operation: gas is flammable and explosive, gas production, transportation, storage process for safety
The normal operations of gas companies are affected by security accidents such as fires, explosions, etc., caused by accidental equipment malfunctions, inappropriate employee handling, or natural disasters. The “positive” investor is only suitable for a study with a risk level not higher than the “medium- and high-risk” level, and the “radical” investor is suitable for the use of our division’s various categories.
This report is presented independently and objectively, within the limits of what is known, in a diligent and professional manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc.. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have not used the offer.