On November 16, 2022, the company grew from a single champion to an integrated chemical giant.
The \triangleright industry, which started with mdi products, now has three major business plates: polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals, and new materials.
In 2021, petrochemical plate sales earned more than polyurethane, and overseas sales earned more than within the country. By 2024, companies are expected to reach the 200 billion dollar threshold for sales, with industry leading the way into three strategic paths to support the company’s growth.
\triangleright physicalization, with integration-related diversification as the main path to development; 2) continued active expansion of companies, with high-intensity capital spending driving companies to grow constantly in the form of “up steps”; 3) companies focused particularly on technological innovation
Liu Hae-young, new, makes technological innovation the core competitiveness that drives the growth of companies.
The four major projects will be a new round of “Step Up” building blocks, and the “Eight Pillars” of Operations will be a brand-new company smoke station \triangleright III, Punley I, Fujimatsu polyurethane, and the Elbow Mountain project will be successfully advanced and will be historic in 2022-2024.
Six months later, the company will start a new boom, with steps growing or re-emerging. Four new projects will be launched, along with the production of smoke stations for phase one, smoke stations for phase two, Ningbo base, Hungarian base for the “eight pillars” of the company's operations.
Production, extension or improvement of industrial chains; dynamic layout of emerging business directions such as battery materials, building the "four main beams" at the start of the business with polyurethane and petrochemical plates. The competitive advantage of the company polyurethane plates continues to grow.
\triangleright 1. Million-Wa Chemical (600309.sh) Event Review: Ethylene II Production Summit, Ningbo-Wunghua Super Low Cost Expanding 600,000-Mdi Capacity, Fujian-Wan-Wan-Wan New 400000
In 2023, the company’s global capacity will rise from the current 28% to 34%, and its domestic capacity from 59% to 67%. Ningbo’s expansion cost less than $16 million per ton, about 32 million cyanobacter (600309.sh) event review: Corth.
The size-cost advantages of the Division in the mdi sector will be further strengthened by 12.3 per cent of the 1-ton investment in the Inyosu Water Expansion Programme and 5.7 per cent of the 1-ton investment in the Basve-United States Expansion Programme.
Investment proposals: the company is at the forefront of the track industry and the company's three main integration projects, and performance evaluations: six months of net profit breaks of 10 billion, fine chemicals and new materials. Large amounts of new materials and fine chemicals are under way. Integration and scale advantages will continue to grow.
The bright performance of 2022/07/29 and the emerging business plates are focused, fast-growing, with new projects expected to lead to continued high corporate performance and the risk of overcapacity for some of the company's products; 4) the recurrent negative impact of domestic and foreign epidemics on the demand for the company's products.
1 Development journey: from "one-wheel drive" to "four beams of eight". 1.1: From one-wheel drive to "four beams of eight beams of eight beams.
Polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals, and new and emerging materials are the three main clusters of industries that now operate smoke stations, Ningbo, Sichuan, which are listed in the annual roll-out, with the National Finance Committee of the City of Smoking as its controlling shareholder. In 2013, the name was changed to the Manchuria Chemical Group, and the company absorbed the combined holdings in a reorganization of assets, bringing the whole of the chemicals on the market.
According to C&en’s most recent list of top 50 globalized workers, in 2022, Huanhua chemistry ranked 17 out of $22.6 billion. The development of Huanhua can be divided into three phases.
The entrepreneurship exploration period for the former Synthetic Göring plant, which completed the restructuring of the institutional mechanisms for the construction of plants, traditional state enterprises, and began the autonomous development of mdi technologies, establishing the path to autonomous innovation. The second phase, 1998-2014, saw the company complete its listing and invest in the Ningbo I and II mdi projects.
The construction of the Mdi Pyrotechnic Garden was completed, the company ' s mdi production was rapidly upgraded, and the competition against hands was overtaken by events, with a major focus on the polyurethane industry during the period. Phase III covers the period from 2015 to the present, and with the launch of the Pyrochlorization Phase of the Pyrotechnic Plant in 2015, the company ' s business map began to be petrochemical and refined from polyurethane.
The area of fine chemicals, new materials has expanded, the share of overseas operations has increased over the years, and companies have evolved into a global, integrated chemical giant.
1.1.1 The search period for entrepreneurship begins with China's dream of “skin-shoeing.” In 1978, in order to solve the problem of the country's people wearing leather shoes, the State contributed $460 million to the introduction of synthetic tannery sets from Japan and the establishment of a smoke-synthesis plant. The project is the National Six Five-Five.
One of the priority projects during the period was that mdi (diphenylmethane diocyanate) was an accompaniment for the production of synthetic leather, with the simultaneous introduction of a 10,000-ton/year-old mdi device. However, when the mdi device was completed, the company did not have access to core technology, and the production of perennial products was inadequate and produced at a high cost.
In the mid-90s, companies resolved to follow the path of autonomous innovation and institutional reform in the midst of a serious crisis. During this period, the multinational chemicals giants offered to work with Manchuria.
Production of mdi, but eventually the outsider overturned the offer and blew up the independent plant in China. In 1993, the company started a course on mdi technology development at institutes like the United Qingdao Chemical Institute, which was successfully tested in 1996 and produced capacity of 15,000 tons. After that, through sustained investment, the company made an initial move out of a technological introduction, digestion, absorption, and absorption.
It is also during this period that the old synthesynthetic plants completed the reform of their institutional mechanisms, breaking the “big pot” system. The entrepreneurial spirit of the company, the enthusiasm of the nation, the spiritual culture of “good for the people, concern for the country” were largely formed during this period.
1.1.2 The high-speed and low-cost expansion of mdi production during the expansion of the production capacity creates a leader in the corporate sector. In 1998, the Steam Synthetics Gravity Plant, which was then part of the Ministry of Light and Light Industry, changed its smoke station, Manchuria Polyurethane Co. Ltd., and handed it over in 2001.
At the same time, the company launched a project to build a large mdi installation in Ningbo, raising all the money on the market to build the Ningbomdi project. A major breakthrough in autonomous technology for more than 10 years led to the development of 160,000 tons of annual mdi manufacturing technology.
On November 23, 2005, the Ningbo Wanhua mdi phase was launched, the Ningbo II mdi project was successfully completed in 2010 and the smoke station 600,000 tons/year mdi project was launched at the end of 2014.
Forty thousand tons were raised to 1.8 million tons in 2014, with a single set-up reaching 800,000 tons. In 2014, companies accounted for 68.7 per cent of domestic capacity and 28.7 per cent of global capacity.
1.1.3 The period of diversified development opens up the space for growth The introduction of two major petrochemical projects opens up the path of diversified development. With the emergence of a leading role in the domestic mdi industry, Wanhua began further exploration and development.
On the other hand, the construction of a development centre in Central and Eastern Europe has turned back to the smoke station and plans for the production of a smoke station industrial park. Two major projects have been built and are now in operation: the first phase of the smoke station industrial park was completed in 2015 and the second phase of the smoke station industrial park (Ethylene phase) was completed by the end of 2020.
In August 2022, a three-phase (Ethylene II) project was approved. In 2015, the company started to operate in polyurethane plates, polyethers and tdi, while it also made major advances in the petrochemical, fine-tuning, scientific and new materials business, the product line was rapidly enriched, the scale of the operation was rapidly increased, and the operating income was increased from 2014 to 2014.
For the first time in 2021, revenues from sales of the company ' s petrochemical series exceeded those of the polyurethane series, and in the same year, the company ' s sales abroad exceeded those of domestic sales. Gradually, it grew into an integrated chemical giant with a strong polyurethane business, a well-structured industrial chain and a strong integration advantage.
1.1.4 New thinking is expected to reshape the operational framework of the "Eight Pillars" of the business architecture. The company is now moving away from a single reliance on mdi products, with three operational blocks of polyurethane, petrochemicals, fine chemicals and new materials in place, the fourth of which is new.
The company's business structure has evolved from a single reliance on mdi and polyurethane operations to a structure of the "four beams." The "four beams" are polyurethanes, petrochemicals, fine chemicals and new materials for the company's business plans, as well as new and emerging business plates under construction; and the "eight beams" specifically support these operations.
Annual M & A), Smoky Industrial Park Phase I (2014 - 2015), Smoking Pulsification Phase II (2020), Smoky Pulsification Phase III (under construction), Punle Pulse Phase I (under construction), Fujian Polyurethane Integration Project (under construction) and Myeongsan Project (under construction). These integrated or integrated projects form the framework and skeleton of the Man-China operation.
The strategic positioning functions of the four blocks are complementary. (1) On polyurethane, Wanhua is already the world’s largest and most competitive producer of mdi, China’s largest producer of tdi, and the world’s leading producer of polyether.
Community-scale devices such as ethylene cracking, propane dehydration, and epoxy propane are important suppliers of high-end hydrocarbons and derivatives. The business plate assumes responsibility for providing stable, competitive raw materials to many of the company’s downstream industries and is gradually becoming a major contributor to corporate growth. (3) Fine chemicals and new material plates.
Accumulation of technology, and the company’s development of a system of specialty and photogasy products, is the second global producer with a mastery of adi’s whole-chain manufacturing technology, which has continued to invest in high-performance materials in recent years and has become an important supplier in engineering plastics. The business section is a company based on an integrated strategy to create differentiated competition downstream.
The business's orientation and decision-making logic is different from the traditional philosophy of “integration, associated diversity” and is a strategic attempt on the margins of the original business. In recent years, work has begun on electronic materials, battery materials, carbon fibre, 3d printing, etc., and traditional camps.
Eight major projects form the backbone of the operation. These are supported by eight key projects in each of the five campuses. (1) Smokey industrial parks, which have two projects in operation and one project in progress.
The main projects are the polyurethane integration project and the po/ae petrochemical integration project, which were launched in 2014 - 2015, and the ethylene project, which was launched in 2020 (Smoking House Industrial Park), which produces dozens of products with 1.1 million tons of mdi, 300,000 tons of tdi, 860,000 tons of polyethers, 1 million tons of ethylene per year, etc.
Industrial parks are building the Ethylene II project (Pyrotechnic Industrial Park III). (2) Ningpo Industrial Park. Mainly engaged in the development, production, and production of cyanide and derivatives, mdi produced up to 1.2 million tonnes/year and will continue to be expanded to 1.8 million tonnes, in addition to special monocrylates, monomer ethers, polyethers, aquatic resins, modified functions.
The Ningbo base is the largest and most competitive mdi manufacturing centre in the world. (3) the Hungarian dental base. It is a bridgehead for a vast European market with radiation. It covers 4.7 square kilometres and is the largest producer of isocyanate in Central and Eastern Europe. It currently has 350,000 tons/year mdi, 250,000 tons/year tdi, 400,000 tons/year.
Pvc productive capacity. (4) The Maroon Industrial Park is the centre of the vast western interior of Huohua radiation, the base for the deep processing of all-China materials, and is the centre of the new orientations of Huohua in degradation materials, nutrient chemicals, battery materials, etc. (5) Forge State Industrial Park.
Resources, chemical docks, etc., have a resource advantage, building Van Wafeng Industrial Park in accordance with the development concept of “campaign regionalization, integration, scalding, high-end” (6) Punlai Industrial Park, a major deep-processed park under the smoke station industry downstream project, is a zero-carbon scenario for the development of new low-carbon industrial parks.
1.2 Development model: Integrational expansion driven by autonomous innovation. 1.2.1 Low-cost path led by a variety of strategies related to integration.
Important operating philosophy, first developed from the Ludwig base, can largely be “one” in Chinese. Bastov currently operates six integrated parks worldwide: Ludwig (Germany), Antwerp (Belgium), Gasma (United States), Freeport (United States), Kandan (Malaysia), Nanjing (China).
The typical verbund park combines raw materials, products, by-product production devices and ancillary facilities to minimize material and energy waste, producing large quantities of basic chemical materials in the same park and extending downstream into high-value-added products downstream of the park, such as paints, pesticides, etc.;
Construction of public utilities such as energy, warehousing, logistics, sewage treatment, and air fractions to achieve shared public-use processes for all installations in the park; connections between installations and facilities through pipelines for efficient, safe and low-cost logistics transport.
Cost, which is at least Euro500 million per year in operating costs compared to spreading it into 70 independent medium-sized plants at a distance of 100 km. Figure 6: Verbund Parks operated globally by Basf
The path of integration began with a mix of mdi industrial chains, initially equipped with a core set of nitrobenzene, benzidine, gasification, chlor-alkali, thermal power, etc. up and down, and surrounding facilities to optimize the full industry costs of mdi.
The Mdi/tdi industrial chain, the petrochemical industry chain, the new materials business, etc. have been influenced by the Basque integrated park concept and are being implemented mainly through the following:
(1) There are very few primary raw materials. The main raw materials currently subject to outsourcing are the lpg, benzene/toluene, coal, and salt four major categories. The categories of raw materials, by-products and intermediates have been significantly streamlined through the continuous upstream and downstream extension of key products along the industrial chain.
The extension of the industrial chain, which is accompanied by more than 10 sets of synthetic ammonia, nitrate, nitrobenzene, benzylamine, methanol/maldehyde, gas, etc., has significantly reduced the variety of intermediate materials; the pc industrial chain, by extending upstream to the biphenol a-phenol chain, has resulted in the outsourcing of benzene as a key feedstock, in synergy with the mdi industrial chain on the benzene feedstock.
The streamlining of the core raw material categories significantly reduces the complexity of management, optimizes supply chain management efficiency, and makes it easier to increase purchasing bargaining power. Companies are currently one of the largest purchasers of lpg and benzene in the country (2) have a deep extension of the industrial chain.
For example, while a small amount of acetylene is available for sale in the petrochemical phase, most of the acetylene is processed in the lower- and lower-lying products such as acrylic acid, epoxypropanes, butoconeol. Longer industrial chains, on the one hand, help to create higher value added, and, on the other hand,
While reducing the additional logistics costs, construction of storage facilities, and safety risks associated with intermediate out-sales or out-sourcing of intermediate raw materials, and increasing overall operational efficiency, firms can also target their strategies for starting different segments of the industry chain, depending on changing market demand and supply patterns.
(3) Optimize the bottleneck material balance. The balance of the bottleneck elements and materials such as hydrogen, chlorine in the park is essential for the stability and economics of the park operation. In the integrated park, because of the variety of devices involved, the bottleneck element balance can often be achieved more economically. In the smoke station industrial park, pdh, ethylene fission, chlor-alkali, coal gas
These devices produce hydrogen, while those for amphetamines, tdi, synthetic ammonia, butol, lpg precision and butane isomers use hydrogen; those for chlor-alkali and chlorinated hydroxide produce chlorine, while those for mdi, tdi, pc, hmdi, and ipdi use chlorine.
Figure 8: Process of the Quadrochemical Psyrochemical Pseudo-Pseudo-Pseudo-Pseudo-Pseudo-Pseudo-Pseudo-Pseudo-Pseudo-Pseudo-Purpose Phase XI, Figure XI. Most of the devices are planned on a world-class scale at the beginning of the construction.
A large number of devices such as Ningbo 1.2 million tonnes/year mdi, smoke station 1.1 million tonnes/year mdi, 300,000 tonnes/year tdi, 750,000 tonnes/year pdh, 306.550,000 tonnes/year po/sm, 900,000 tonnes/year pdh under construction and 400,000 tonnes/year pochp are of world class and have a relatively high efficiency of scale.
(v) Public engineering facilities are well developed. For example, in the case of the smoke-smoking industrial park, which is the most cost-effective component of integration, the park is equipped with a large number of important public utilities around the production system. These include the cogeneration of heat and electricity, chemical terminals with liquids, gas and dry bulk handling capabilities, the park sewage treatment plant, the Lindh space, 2.2 million squares.
Ipg Hole, the Mandarin Railway, and so on. Well-developed public works and peripherals are essential to the competitiveness of the parks.
The product lines are gradually becoming more diversified. 1.2.2 Investment-driven, step-by-step growth patterns, with capital spending significantly higher than that of competitors.
The capital expenditure/net profit ratio is much higher than that of the major competitors in the mdi field. In 2002-2021, cumulative chemical capital expenditure was 13.8 billion yuan renminbi, with a cumulative net profit of 99.6 billion yuan and a cumulative capital expenditure/cumulative net profit ratio of 1.39 per cent.
The highest level of competition against this indicator is Hensmann, 1.03. All of this reflects the firm’s willingness and ability to continue to expand its investments more strongly than its competitors.
The project-building cycle is highly relevant, with individual large-scale chemical projects going from planning to construction, to final production, to stable high-load operations, usually going through a three-to-five-year cycle. For key large-scale integrated projects, companies maintain the pace of development of new projects, new ones, new ones, and new ones.
The growth of the division is also characterized by a remarkable investment-driven step-by-step growth. The year or year in which the company's large-scale projects were launched, it often opened a new phase of raising the company's sales revenues and profits center to a higher platform. The company's first “up steps” took place in 2006 when the Ningpo stage mdi project became operational.
In the post-natal period, the amount of company sales revenue rose from 3.3 billion yuan in 2005 to 7.8 billion yuan in 2007, and the net gain was also realized for the first time in 2007. A similar phenomenon can be observed in the Ningbo II phase, the Smoking House Industrial Park I project, and the Smoking Industrial Horcosal Ethylene Project.
Advances include the Ethylene II project, the Punley I project, the Fujian polyurethane series, etc. The cumulative investment exceeded $60 billion and was the most intense in history.
1.2.3 With R&D innovation as its core competitiveness, HD is the country's rare long-term maintenance of high R&D inputs, the emergence of a life-cycle innovation system for research and development of new materials, and significant output.
The cost of R & D is $11.3 billion, with an average R & D investment of about 2.5% over five years. There are more than 3,200 researchers in chemistry, more than 50% in M.A. and above, more than 120 in senior technical titles, and more than 100 leaders in industry-level disciplines such as National Science, Technology and Innovation Leadership.
The National Polyurethane Engineering Research Centre, the Advanced Polymeric National Engineering Research Centre, the National Technological Standards Innovation Base for New Chemical Materials, and so on.
ip-ipn-ipda-ipdi industrial chain, pc, sap, pmma, mibk, npg, po/sm, pochp, poe, nylon12. So far, the whole set of chemistry has been built to include basic R & D, process development, engineering development, etc.
The optimal operation of installations and parks and the development of product applications, the development of research and development across the entire life cycle of cross-product development, and the operational system of incubation management of new projects. Most of the Meso- and Downstream projects have been built on autonomy, except for petrochemical projects.
1.3 Development goal: to enter the global workforce and become a leading enterprise in the global polyurethane industry; to become the world’s top 500 before and after 2030
The c&en chemicals top 50 list is an important observation window for progress toward the company’s strategic goals in the last three years. According to data from recent years, Huanhua has been in the top 50 globalized workers for the first time since 2018, ranking from 2018.
The 43rd place has been raised to 17th place in 2022. According to sales revenue data for 2022, there is still a gap of $14.3 billion over the 10th ranking of exxonmobil.
And industry’s influence is expected to rise further. By 2030, the country’s relatively low construction costs, with its relatively strong labor force, dividends and engineers, will be an important guarantee for the expansion of the country’s chemical industry and industry.
Focused core project: Building of the building blocks of the upper steps: 2.1 Smoking tabletylene II project: collection of officers in the main park area was finally approved over the years
The ethylene II project was officially approved for three years. On August 22, 2022, Mandu Chemical issued an announcement on the progress of the ethylene diethylene project. The announcement indicates that the company received approval from the Shandong Provincial Development and Reform Committee and that the ethylene II project was officially completed. The project is scheduled to start in October 2022.
In December 2024, full construction was completed. The project invested 17.6 billion yuan in a smoke station chemical industrial park. The project consisted mainly of construction of 1.2 million tonnes/year ethylene fission device, 250,000 tonnes/year low-density polyethylene (ldpe) device, 2 x 200,000 tonnes/year polyolefin elastomer (poe), 200,000 tonnes/year butadiene device, 550,000.
Tons/year crack gas hydrogenation units (containing 30,000 tonnes/year styrene pumping), 400,000 tonnes/year aromatic pumping units, and accompanying storage works, utility works and support facilities, environmental protection works.
2.1.2 The three major adjustments to the construction programme are three major adjustments to the project construction programme. This final approval was obtained, compared to the construction programme announced earlier by the company, and the programme has several adjustments, mainly in three areas. (1) The production capacity of the Poe product has doubled.
In this case, the proposed Poe capacity was 200,000 tonnes/year, but since 2021 the global supply of Poe products has continued to be tight, with imports rising from 14242 yuan/tons in January 2021 to 25639 yuan/tons in August 2022. The company decided to increase Poe ' s planned production capacity to 28 per 200,000 tonnes/year to meet the requirements.
Rapidly growing market demand. (2) The new program eliminates 500,000 tonnes/year of app devices, and 350,000 tonnes/year of hdpe devices. 300,000 tonnes/year of apps and 350,000 tonnes/year of hdpe units have been built in the company ethylene phase.
Devices for maleene. (3) The feedstocks programme was adjusted from a quartz oil +c4 mixture to a quartz oil +c2, and the adjustment to the feedstock programme will also result in a reduction in the production of acrylates in the product. Project 2.1.3 has multiple implications.
The Ethylene II project has an important industrial value and significance for HD II, as reflected in (1) planning and supporting several downstream differentiation projects to address the problem of the neck of domestic industries. This project is set up with or linked downstream to projects such as poe, nylon 12 industrial chains, high-end cable insulation materials, etc.
For example, the Poe material is currently monopolized by enterprises such as Tao, Sani, lg, Sabic, Sk, Exxon Mobil, and nylon 12 is monopolized by Akoma, Woo, and Swiss ems. At the same time, the above-mentioned products will be the weight of the project’s differential competitiveness compared to the national large ethylene-like projects.
(2) Production of aromatic hydrocarbons is the key raw material in the ICCP chain. By cracking the scephalic oil feedstock route, the project will produce about 400,000 tons of aromatic hydrocarbons, which will be separated and acquired c6-c8 aromatic products such as benzene, benzene, benzene, benzene, and benzene as the most important raw material for mdi and tdi, respectively.
The theoretical single consumption of about 0.63 tdi for toluene is one of the largest and highest-value primary feedstocks in all of the out-sourcing raw materials in the ICCP chain. Until then, the company's aromatic aromatic aromatics were all dependent on the out-sourcing supply. (3) Diversified layout of primary fission feedstocks. 750,000 tonnes/year pdh of the company's petrochemical phase.
A total reliance on lpg as a source of fission would create a certain risk of price fluctuations in the company’s operations. Historically, lpg, acetylene, and quartz oil as a source of fission have fluctuated in competitiveness over time.
The oil/c2 route, in a sense, allows for the risk of price fluctuations in different raw materials routes. (4) Completion of the collection of workers from the smoke station’s octagon industrial park.
A cumulative investment of about 90 billion yuan has been made in a number of surrounding projects for the core integration projects mentioned above. It has become a large integrated manufacturing base covering polyurethane, hydrocarbons and derivatives, new materials, special chemicals and support facilities.
2.1.4. Energy consumption later prevails over technological advantages. The project has a full and subsequent advantage and has been used in a proactive manner in terms of energy efficiency.
ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene ethylene
List of industries, the energy consumption of the petrochemical and petrochemical ethylene units of the Central Petroleum Monument and the Central petrochemical town, respectively, is 578.91 kgce/t and 579.58 kgce/t. The vinyl chloride II project has reduced the consumption of ethylene per unit by eliminating ethylene fission devices, collecting heat from empty chillers, and using heat pumps and mvr technology for reuse.
14kgce/t; ethylene per unit energy consumption can be reduced by approximately 2.2 Punley Park phase: re-construction of a smoke station industrial park through the introduction of a closed-cycle water system, the use of heat pumps, mvr technology and seawater to replace low-pressure steam users in the park area with 1mpa steam
2.2.1 Extension of the main campus The Punley low-carbon industrial park project was officially launched. On 14 May 2022, the Eco-Environmental Bureau of Smoking Stations issued a decision approving the environmental impact assessment document for the Van Huai Punyi Industrial Park High Performance New Materials Integration Project.
People, with a construction cycle of 2022-2025, are expected to start production in June 2024.The main elements of the project for the integration of new high-performance materials at the Huahua Penglai Industrial Park include the construction of a new 900,000 tonnes/year propane dehydration device, a 400,000 tonnes/year epoxypropane device, a 300,000 tonnes/year epoxy ethylene device,
Ten thousand tonnes/years of ABS, 20,000 tonnes/year of ABS, 500,000 tonnes/year of polyethers, 300,000 years/year of eods. March 28, 2022, Smoking City.
The high-end, green, scalding, integrated chemical parks of petrochemicals and new materials are adjacent to the chain of the tobacco, petrochemical and new chemical materials industry. The Punley Park is an important extension and expansion of the park.
Construction, especially the Ethylene II project, has become a bottleneck for resources such as land and public works. Pompey Industries has a distance of about 40 km from a smoke-side industrial park and plans to connect key raw materials such as lpg and ethylene through pipelines, manage the two parks side by side, share the advantages of their respective parks’ industrial chains, and upgrade the upstream and downstream associations.
At the same time, the company's previous basic research studies have led to full-scale research and development systems, such as pilot expansion, industrialization, safety, environmental protection, and product applications, mostly using autonomous or iterative technology.
With green, environmentally friendly, efficient, and low-cost competitive advantages, the foundation is laid for the subsequent industrialization of high-end fine chemicals and high-end new materials. The Van Wafhorn Base achieves a significant reduction in carbon emissions by optimizing and integrating energy in state-of-the-art devices, combining the recovery of residual heat with carbon dioxide, combining new energy sources such as nuclear power, wind power, light voltage, etc.
2.2.2 From a product point of view, the focus of the Punley phase of the project planning is on the polyether business. The polyether is a combination of polyurethane (PUR) materials with the polycyanate.
The Phonley project is spearheaded by 900,000 tonnes of pdh, the most central product downstream is the planned implementation of the po-po-ether and eo-eod series of products.
Tons/year, 98,000 tonnes/year, 103,000 tonnes/year, 109,000 tonnes/year, 309,000 tonnes/year, 31,000 tonnes/year, ecstasy/year, 310,000 tonnes/year, etc., flame retardation, 10,000 tonnes/year. Total production capacity of polyether and eod products exceeds 800,000 tonnes/year.
The desired polyether production base. 2.3 Phosphant Integration Project: Actively acquired as 2.3.1 from the main Phosphalmdi Project after passive entry.
On August 25th, 2019, Manchuria announced that it would be able to access the capital building mdi project through M&A.