The net profit from the increase in fuel prices is expected to improve, and revenue from electricity and fire is expected to improve steadily, with a sharp fall in net profits. In the first three quarters of 2022, companies realized a loss of operating income of 608.84. Corporate revenue growth was mainly due to increases in electricity generation and higher prices of electricity on the Internet, and companies, in the first three quarters of the year.
As of June 2022, the company ' s Emancipation Plant stood at $10.02 million.
Phases 3 (2 million kW capacity), Ramco2 capture and utilization demonstration projects are under construction, phase 2 (2 million kW capacity), phase 4 of coastal thermal power, project for the relocation of the gas 9f heater, project for the relocation of the UGC 9e burner, project for the demonstration of storage energy at the Xiaoshan power plant and project for the relocation of the Liaoqing plant.
The company is fully committed to promoting investment in major projects and improving the profitability of the fire and electricity business. National policies are strongly promoting price increases for coal, and it is expected that the company's coal and coal and carbon association coverage, implementation rates and compliance rates will improve, driving companies to lower the cost of fuel for fire and electricity.
At the same time, the price of coal-marketed tradable electricity has fluctuated, and it is expected that future coal-marketed tradable electricity prices will continue to float, giving further impetus to the company’s recovery of profits from the coal-fired power business.
After the repurchase is completed, the company will be able to raise the company’s profits by making an improvement in the repurchase of all the shares purchased. Given the heavy asset characteristics of the company’s fire and electricity business, the pb valuation method is used to measure the company’s fair value.
Zhejiang Power is the largest power generating company in Zhejiang province, mainly in the fields of fire, gas, nuclear power, cogeneration, integrated energy, and management and control companies are concentrated in Zhejiang province.
By 2021, the company had a total installed capacity of 33074,000 kilowatts, of which 28,875,000 kilowatts were installed in coal power units and 4,027,000 kilowatts in gas power units. In addition to the fire power industry, the company has a nuclear power plant, a nuclear power plant in China, a nuclear power plant in Qinshan, a nuclear power plant in Qin Shan, a nuclear power plant in Qin Shan, a nuclear power plant in Qinshan III, and three units.
Nuclear power, nuclear power in China, nuclear power in China, nuclear power in China, nuclear power in China, nuclear power in China, nuclear power in China, nuclear power in China, nuclear power in China, nuclear energy in China, etc. In addition, in July 2022, the company participated in the China Nuclear Transfer Enhancement Unit, which acquired 4.80% of China's nuclear power transfer, and the China Nuclear Transfer Power Light New Energy Plant is growing rapidly.
The company actually controls the Zhejiang State Finance Committee and the shareholders are Zhejiang State Energy Group. As of the third quarter of 2022, Zhejiang State Finance Committee indirectly held 69.45% of the company’s shares and was the actual controller of the company; and the shareholders Zhejiang State Energy Group held 69.45% of the company’s shares directly and indirectly through the new source of Zhejiang.
3.73% shareholdings, with a total of 73.18% shareholdings, have more power installed than comparable companies and have a slightly better level of profitability than comparable companies.
Electricity as a comparable company. By 2021, selenium power, a.g. electricity, a.g. electricity, a.g. power, and Kyoto power, respectively, were among the first to be installed; in addition, the company had fewer new energy units and could develop new energy projects in the future.
In terms of profitability indicators such as Māori, net interest rates, roe, etc., Māori is at a medium level, but net corporate interest rates, roe, etc. are slightly better than comparable companies.
The relatively high level of net interest rates for a company with a high return on investment by a multi-purpose company for nuclear power and energy, with a higher net profit level for the company as a whole. Figure 2: Comparison of the size of zirconium power with the size of the comparable company installed in 2021 (thousands of kilowatts)
Figure 3: Comparison of zirconium electricity with the Māori ratio of comparable companies Figure 4: Comparison of Zhegen electricity with the net interest rate of comparable companies Figure 5: Comparison of Zhegen electricity with comparable company Roe
Millions of yuan (+20.77%), net profit from mother 457 million (-79.78%), net profit from non-mothership 226 million, net profit from mother 59 million, net profit from non-motherhood 48 million, and loss of profit. Increases in corporate revenue are mainly due to increases in electricity generation and rising prices of online electricity, with the company generating 11,58.33 million electricity in the last three quarters.
Million kWh. In the first quarter of the third quarter, the company generated 48.517 billion kWh (+17.44 per cent) of electricity from fire and grid, 45.861 billion kWh (+14.72 per cent); and 48 million kWh (+0.45 per cent) from photovoltaic power generation, supra figure 7: revenue from the single cycle of electricity from zirconium ($100 million)
Figure 9: Net profit from single-quarter return of selenium electricity (millions of yuan) Figure 10: Size of cumulative installed power (thousands of kilowatts) Māori rate, net interest rate, year-on-year decline, and cost reduction. Corporate Māori ratio was lower in the first three quarters of 2022
Plus 0.14 pct, the corporate cost rate as a whole has declined. With regard to net interest rates, there has been a significant increase in net cash outflows of $3,281 million, mainly due to the increase in construction-in-progress inputs and outward investment; and a financing net cash inflow of $4,537 million, mainly due to the increase in cash received through borrowing.
The construction of the 10,000-watt installed capacity), the Ranco2 capture and utilization demonstration project is under way, the 6-year power plant phase II (2 million kW installed capacity), the coastal thermal phase IV, the coastal gas 9f burner relocation project, the UC 9e exterior relocation project, the Xiaoshan power plant storage demonstration project and the LF frequency demonstration project are under way
National policies are strongly promoting price increases for coal, and it is expected that coverage, implementation and compliance rates will improve, pushing companies to lower the cost of fuel for fire and electricity.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the company averaged 0.436 yuan/kwh (without taxes) for electricity traded on the coal market, an increase of 21.12 per cent over the same period, and it is expected that future prices for electricity traded on the coal electricity market will remain on the rise and move forward to boost the profitability of the company's fire power business.
Figure 17: Average feed-in price ($/kwh) Repurchase cancellation capital, which adds up the investment returns of ps. The company has been repurchased since November 2021. As of August 2022, the company had completed the repurchase of the shares and accumulated 192 million shares of the repurchase company.
1.41% of the company’s total stock stock. When the repurchase is completed, the company cancels all the repurchases.
With the completion of production during the peak summer period in 2023, it is expected that in 2023, the company will install 2 million additional kilowatts of coal power and the size of the combustion engine will remain unchanged in 2022-2024; in terms of the number of hours used, owing to the overall supply and demand of electricity and in terms of the number of hours used, taking into account the number of hours spent by the company on new energy projects that have passed through the wind.
(4) In terms of return on investment, as the company increases its investment and the performance of the consortium and consortium increases, it is expected that the return on investment will increase significantly; and in terms of cost and period costs, taking into account the company ' s level of return on investment in the first three quarters of 2022, 5) the main consideration is the trend in coal prices, the cost of investment in coal power projects, etc.
Assumptions. At the same time, sales rates, R & D rates, management rates, and income tax rates are stable, and the firms’ past levels are set.
Comparable companies have been selected: Zhejiang Province regional power platform, with power installed primarily on fire. The same regional power platform, installed on the same scale and installed on the same scale as fire power, is selected as a comparable company.
The value of the company is measured using the pb valuation method. The amount given to the company in 2023 was calculated on the basis of more assumptions, especially with regard to the company’s business costs in the coming years and its business income, which are judged by many individuals:
1. In the relative valuation, we have selected companies that are the same or similar to the company ' s business, compared with comparable public sector levels in 2023 pb as a reference for the relative valuation, taking into account the growth of the company, the continuing high prices of coal for the average industry, and the release by the National Development and Reform Commission in February 2022 of a report on the step-by-step improvement of the coal market.
(b) The Circular on On-site Price Formation Mechanism, which states that the medium- and long-term trading price of the submarine coal (5,500 kcal) in the port of Qin is 570 - 770 kcals/tons (including taxes), but there are uncertainties in the coal market and there is a risk that the price of fuel will fall below expectations.
In predicting the future profitability of the company fire power project, we set a number of parameters that are based on historical data and individual judgement of future changes: 1. We believe that if the country regulates the upstream operation of electricity from the coal supply side, the marketization of electricity will not advance.
The expectation is that the price of electricity will not rise as much as we expected, and that the period, or higher cost of nuclear power, and the lower profitability of the company’s participation in nuclear power will affect the return on investment, thereby making performance less robust than expected.
The price of electricity on the Internet is an important factor affecting the profitability of companies. The price of electricity on the Internet is strictly regulated by the Government and may in the future lead to changes in the prices of electricity on the Internet, which may affect the profitability of companies as the electricity reforms deepen and the competition for access is implemented.
2 - Macroeconomic downside risks. If the macroeconomic downside is likely to affect the demand for electricity consumption, resulting in electricity being consumed less than expected; at the same time, the lax supply and demand patterns of electricity could lead to lower prices, affecting corporate income. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author