Henan Freeport builder, East Hawaiian pilot, October 23, 2022.
▪ Hainan Airport is attached to Hainan Province Development Holdings Ltd., the largest national capital platform in Hainan Province. The Department focuses on servicing the Hainan self-trade port, with the main battalion operating as an airport operating service, in coordination with the development of duty-free commercial property, hotel property services, etc.
On December 30, 2020, Phoenix Airport tax-free shops were officially opened, and duty-free shops contributed to future revenue growth.
Point. Tax-exempt business: the company is deeply involved in both equity participation and the provision of duty-free operating space. The total sales of four duty-free operators away from the island amounted to 29 per cent of the total tax-exempt income in 2021, which is reflected in the absolute value of the tax-exempt-related earnings in the statement.
The share is expected to rise as the size of the duty-free stores at Meran and Sanya airports expands.
• The Hainan Freeport Policy provides a multi-dimensional and long-term expansion of Hainan Airports: Airports: in the overall framework of the Hainan Free Trade Port construction, to allow for the full realization of trade, access of persons, and transport by 2035, the Hong Kong Trade Ports Programme began with the seventh concession, which was granted to Hainan Free Trade Ports.
The highest level of freedom in the air hub. The expansion of San Phoenix airport is supported by certainty and a wider long-term space, and the policy dividend is expected to continue to materialize after the closure of the island.
The Sanya airport, a high-end tourist destination, “Haya, China,” is expected to benefit fully from the Sanya high-value conglomerate effect. In terms of real estate and property, the company relies on seafood, future real estate and property operations.
Both of them are based on Hainan as a regional base, with the same frequency of construction at Hainan Free Trade Port.  Profit Forecast and Investment Rating: Hainan Airport, as a leader in the construction of Hainan Free Trade Port, moves back to developing fast lanes. Based on airport ownership, it is based on tax-free commercial property, property management.
The hotel service, with two wings, is deeply involved in the construction of the Hainan Freeport, and is expected to continue to enjoy the free-trade port policy of billions of dollars, which is 25/39/30 times the equivalent. Given that airport companies are generally exposed to short-term passenger movements that are more affected by the epidemic, we use the 2024 pe times based on basic travel recovery expectations.
1. Hainan Airport: reorganization completed and nationalization completed, de-starding into a new chapter of development 1.1. Hainan Airport history
Hainan Airport is part of Hainan Province Development Holdings Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Hainan Development Control), the largest national capital platform in Hainan Province. The company focuses on servicing the Hainan self-trade port, with the main battalion operating as an airport operation, in coordination with the development of duty-free commercial property, hotel property services, etc.
Homes, of which San Phoenix Airport is the main contributor; in the area of free commercial property, four offshore operators (four operating off-island businesses) participate in the Hainan Freeport through equity investment, self-owned property rental of premises, 23 projects for the construction and storage of land; in the area of property, a total of 162 projects are managed and managed.
In terms of hotel operations, two are owned, two are commissioned, and one is in the process of being set up. The company’s multi-purpose business is synergizing and doing its best. The company’s development process can be divided into three phases, depending on the changes in the main business:
In 1993, the First Investors Company, Ltd., was established in conjunction with the Hong Kong Federation, Hainan Airport, and Guang Da International Investment. In 2002, after the company had placed its name on the market, the main retail and hotel operations began to involve real estate development operations in 2003 at the same time.
(ii) 2015-2020: Focused on infrastructure investment operations. 2015 Airline Infrastructure Consortium loaned Shell Island (the company’s predecessor) to transform infrastructure investment operations. End-2015, Sea Island Construction Acquisitions and Holdings Holdings held the base holdings of wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sea Navigation Industries.
After the acquisition of the basic industry group, the company is transformed into a domestic infrastructure project operator whose business includes investment and development of various types of property projects, management of the airport’s investment operations, and other infrastructure business areas.
To optimize the allocation of resources, the company stripped the business business of selling assets. In 2018, the company shifted from a traditional real estate industry to a development strategy for the off-the-shelf industry, building on the construction of the open-air industry in China and South, expanding to open-air industrial parks in the country’s first and second-line cities.
(3) 2021 to date: Reorganization of bankruptcy, change of physical controllers based on the main airport industry. In February 2021, the Naval Consortium entered bankruptcy reorganization proceedings, in which the air (*st) and the airport (*st base) were re-assembly of the three main sections of the main collection (*st collection).
After the implementation of the Reorganization Plan, Haifa held 24.51% of the shares in the company, holding the shareholders in the company, and the company's actual controller changed to the Hainan State Treasury. After the reorganization, the naval base will be phased out of the housing development business, close to the airport's development. In December 2021, the company announced a change in the company's name.
In October 2022, the company completed the collection and resolved the historical legacy, returned to sound business, and further applied for a change of securities, referred to as Hainan Airport, to match the company's full name and strategic positioning.
Figure 1: Hainan Airport Development Process 1.2. Hainan Airport Equity Structures Subsidies enter the reorganization process and Hainan Development Holdings become strategic investors.
The other top ten shareholders are mainly trusts, banks, private fund-raising funds, etc.
In 2021, after the reorganization of the company, the main business was divided into five sections: airport operations, tax-exempt and commercial, real estate, property and other operations. As of mid-2022, the company ' s main business was as follows: (1) airport operations: 7 in the company ' s holdings, 2 in the shares and 2 in the management of the export, for a total of 11 airports.
The seven airports held by the company include: San Phoenix Airport, Jonglei Airport, Anqing Tianyu Airport, Tangshan Third Women's River Airport, Kao-nan Airport, Camp Noblan Flag Airport, Manchuria Suburb Airport, which is managed by the associated party Bo-jung. The company participates in two airports through its subsidiaries, including the Ichang Three Gorge Airport, and the East Camp Victory.
Airports. The company manages the export of two airports, including Chagan Lake Airport in Matsuhara, and Sansha Yongsheng Airport. The company’s original shareholdings are incorporated into the 321 substantive merger reorganization procedures of the Naval Navigation Group and no longer holds ownership of the airport. (2) Tax exemptions and commercial operations: companies participate in tax exemptions in the form of rental of premises through equity investment, self-owned property, etc.
Businesses. The company provides rent-free airport space to the free shop of Phoenix Airport in China, tax-free day and month in China, tax-free market in China, and tax-free city of China's elites worldwide, thereby generating rental income. At the same time, the company participates in duty-free operators of the off-islands, such as the duty-free market of American Airport, Phoenix Airport, and the duty-free terminal of the Hainan Sea.
Tax operators, generating investment gains. (3) Real estate operations: Before 2018, companies developed 5a writing buildings, business complexes, high-end hotels, etc. around the core business circles, mainly based on traditional real estate projects. After 2018, the company moved to open-air industries.
In the future, there will be a gradual focus on the development of vacant industrial parks, the continuous upgrading and consolidation of vacant industrial assets, and the pooling of real estate resources towards vacant industries. The company has 23 ongoing construction and land reserve projects with over 6,000 acres of land. (4) Property business: the company focuses on airports, homes, writing buildings, government, schools, and all types of large and medium-sized enterprises.
In the case of hotels, there are five self-employed, commissioned and prepared hotels; and in the case of flight training, there are more than 30 clients.
Airports, tax-exempt and commercial, real estate, real estate, property, other (the company ' s other business calibres in 2020 do not include flying training, and other operations in 2021 have combined flying training and hotel operations. This paper uses the 2021 calibre for a uniform presentation of its airport plates, which have grown steadily as the revenue of San Phoenix airport has risen, and tax-free and commercial sections benefit from the tax-exempt policy of off-island taxation.
The return of profits and consumption trends, the expansion of the free market in Hainan Island as a whole, has led to a high increase in corporate tax-free and business sector revenues. As real estate operations become increasingly focused, the share will decrease further.
2.1. Airport operations: San Phoenix Airport is a core asset: 7 airports owned by Hainan Airport, 2 airports managed for export, 2 airports for participation, including San Phoenix Airport, which is the company ' s core airport and contributes nearly 90 per cent of its revenue to airport operations.
The airport, which is a regional hub airport, was inaugurated in July 1994. It has two air terminals, t1 (domestic), t2 (international and commercial) and meets the annual intake of 2000-25 million passengers.
The Mio Phoenix Airport, with revenues of $1.16 billion, contributed approximately 86 per cent to the company ' s airport plate in the year, and the passenger throughput accounted for $81/3.2 per cent of the airport ' s aviation, non-aerial and other business revenues, respectively, and the overall share of Phoenix Airport revenue was 70 per cent/27.3 per cent. The epidemic had a greater impact on airport space rental services in 2020, resulting in non-aeronautical activity.
On December 30, 2020, the Phoenix airport tax-free shop was officially opened, contributing to the airport’s rent as a future income-growth support point. With Sanya airport landing/passenger throughput increasing by 7 per cent in 2021 compared to the previous year, the revenue from the airport as a whole rose by 18 per cent to 1.58 billion yuan.
Figure 7: Disaggregated revenues from Phoenix Airport, 2017-2020 Figure 8: Flights and passenger throughput at Phoenix Airport, 2017-2020
The completion of the expansion has further increased the financial costs of Phoenix Airport, while the outbreak and recurrence of the epidemic have limited the company’s operations. In 2021, the company entered the restructuring process, resolving the corporate debt crisis and improving its asset-liability structure, reducing the financial cost of 2021q1 to 16 per cent.
Since 2020, Phoenix Airport has been under pressure by higher financial costs and the impact of the epidemic. Since 2021, Phoenix Airport has benefited from the construction of the Port of Trade and the sustained recovery of travel to the island, with a continuous improvement in the costs of the superbing, with an overall reversal of the loss, q1/q2 quarter of 2021.
After the outbreak, Sanya airport has recovered more than the country’s official flow, but it is still empty. Since the outbreak, Sanyan Phoenix airport has recovered more people in and out of the country than the country’s travel data.
The rest of the holiday flow status has not been restored. According to year-round data, 116,000 flights of aircraft and 1,663 million passenger throughputs were flown in 2021, returning to 93/82% in the same period prior to the 2019 epidemic.
Business data have not returned to normal levels, with bright levels of profitability and elasticity of performance. Figure 13: Recovering the number of arrivals and departures from Sanya airport during major holiday days since the outbreak is significantly ahead of the level of rehabilitation of the country ' s trips.  Returning the number of passengers in the country compared to 2019 (the same period in the current period and 2019)
2.2. Duty-free and commercial operations: multi-dimensional participation in the Hainan Ex-Island Free Market The company is deeply involved in the Hainan Ex-Island Free Market through both equity participation and the provision of duty-free operating space.
In September of this year, the 10 duty-free shops operated by the known Hainan Extremists are summarized in the table below. Hainan Airport, by way of equity participation and the provision of space, became an interest in four duty-free operators operating off the island.
The tax-free shop at San Phoenix Airport, the tax-free shop at China Free of Seagate Moon Square, and the world’s controlled city of China Free of Fine Goods. The tax-free shop of the Department of Public Administration has earned revenue in the form of investment returns; the tax-free shop at San Phoenix Airport has been provided with rent in the form of non-air revenue from San Phoenix Airport; and the two tax-free shops at Japan Moon Square (the tax-free market is closed to China and China) (the tax-free market is closed to China and China).
In 2021, companies realized operating income of $490 million from tax-exempt and business operations. Companies generated rental income of approximately $169 million from rent-free rentals from tax-free shops in their own property, and collected rents from duty-free delivery points of $57 million.
In addition, the company's share-in-investment tax-exempt business earns $305 million. In addition to the above-mentioned exemption-free operators, the company holds 50% of the share exemption in the Sea China Sea, the Sea Sea Sea, the Sea China Sea, the two airport duty-free shops in China, Mexico, San Yung, and the seven airport duty-free shops.
Basic information on the off-island tax-free shop: (1) Rent of the Sun Square site: Tax-free shop of the Ocean Square of China, China Free of Seagate, China Control City of the World's Precision, and the Sun Square project is located in the middle of the city of Haiguchi and is run by the company itself.
The central axis of the provincial landscape covers 238.17 acres of land and a total of about 480,000 square metres of buildings. This is where the tax-free shop of the square is operated.
June: The second phase, consisting mainly of luxury brands and dress brands, was opened with a planned area of 0.9 million parties. The Global Excerpts Free City of Sea Control, located in Moorius and Water Bottles in the Plaza of the Sun, is the first sea-south off-island under the flag of Hainan, with a planned area of 27.8 million square metres; and in 2022, it is expected that the Mox 1-2 store for luxury brands will open.
The tax-free city is actively negotiating with the top international luxury brands to bring back the power of consumption and to keep moving away from the company, which will focus on the Sun and Moon Square, accelerate tax-free business development and build the largest tax-free business cluster in the country. At the second creditor meeting, the company said it would speed up the commercial development of the land around Ocean and Moon Square at Seagate and expand the sun and the moon.
Square, which is now the first phase of 800 squares. China’s Central Free and Hainan Airport has 51-49% tax-free shops at Phoenix Airport, respectively.
The tax-free shop project is divided into three issues: (1) the first phase: 800 squared area, opened in December 2020; (2) the second phase of the French garden: 5,000 flat planned, with the main structural capping completed by September 2021; and (3) the third phase: 1,000 flat planned, with the announcement of the winning bid for the construction project in April 2022.
The airport duty-free store is located at the airport of Meran at t1 and t2 and has a total area of about 18,000. The airport duty-free shop is for China and China, which is jointly owned by China and China Brigade, Hainan Airport, and provides space at the airport. The tax-free shop project is divided into two regions: (1) the t1 terminal, which has been operational since December 2011.
By June 2014, after several expansions and upgrades, the Eastern Zone tax-free shop had grown to 6,000 square metres, while the tax-free shop had been expanded to the Western Sector on the basis of the approval by the Ministry of Finance in 2015 of an expansion of 6396 square metres of the United States Airport tax-free shop; (2) the T2 terminal, which was officially opened in December 2021 for the second phase of the United States airport, was synchronized with the tax-free shop at the t2 terminal.
By the end of 2021, the number of duty-free offshore shops in the T1 and t2 terminal had amounted to approximately 18,000, and the company's participation in the four duty-free majors accounted for 29 per cent of the total tax-free departures from the island in 2021.
The absolute value of tax-exempt-related proceeds reported represented about 1% of the island-wide tax-free sales. In 2021, Hainan Province was exempt from taxes for about $50.5 billion, and companies were involved in a total tax-free shop sales of about $14.6 billion, or about 29%.
The ratio is expected to continue to rise as the size of the duty-free stores at Meran and Sanya airports expands. The Hainan airport, which provides rent and shares in high-flow property, will continue to benefit from the expansion of the off-island duty-free market.
Real estate, property and other operations: derealization, building on the steady development of airport resources
With 1%/55/72/16%, the future will focus on promoting the development of the cbd area of the Great Britain Hills in the city of Haiguchi, promoting the upgrading of the traditional industrial landscape and focusing on the empty economy. Based on its resource advantages, companies will be involved in a number of off-the-shelf projects, such as the one-stop aircraft maintenance base at the airport and the Sanya Bonded Logistics Centre, to build future growth points.
The company’s owner, Hainan Property Management Company, was the largest real estate service company in Hainan mainland. The company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Hainan Property Management Group Limited, originally known as Hainan Marine Property Management Limited, expanded its operations steadily after renaming the name Hainan Property Management, ranking 30th among China’s 100th largest real estate service providers in 2022.
The other business consists mainly of hotels and flight training. The hotel business consists mainly of two owner-owned hotels: the South Hotel, the San Phoenix Airport Hotel, and two hotels commissioned for management: the Hilton Hotel at Seaport, and the Fai Fonxi Hotel in Suzhou.
In 2020, 2021h1, the hotel business achieved $130,700 million in operating income. Tian Yu’s training was used for the company’s marketing acquisition in 2020 to surround the industry in the air, operating through the operation of a pilot training base and the export of social and vocational training products.
2.4. Business restructuring has been largely put in place, with operators of the core infrastructure of the port taking advantage of the wind and windfalls of the airport, tax exemptions and business operations provoking large-scale profits, and progressive restructuring of real estate operations. Prior to restructuring, companies have relied mainly on the contribution of real estate operations.
Instead, the business continuity model contributes to the main Māori. The airport/tax exemption and business operations contributed $5.6.440 billion in 2021, or 35.28% of Māori as a whole.
The company has begun to build a new “one-wing” business pattern around the construction of the Hainan autonomous port. As the real-estate business line is gradually shrinking, the company is based on the airport industry, with its free commercial property and property management hotel services as its two-wing base, and around the airport, it is running the three docks of the airport’s operational services.
The advantage is the size of a large tax-free market, and the property management hotel service is steadily expanding, depending on the original real estate project and resource capacity. The core objective of building a core infrastructure in the port is to provide a full-chain service capability that is integrated with project development, engineering, commercial operations, and property management.
3. The Hainan Freeport Policy provides a multi-dimensional and long-term expansion of Hainan Airport. 3.1. The Hainan Free Trade Port Programme opens up long-term space for airport operations
3.1.1. The continued expansion of the airport is based on the establishment of the bottom line of freedom of trade and freedom of movement of persons. The Hainan Free Trade Port General Construction Programme was launched in June 2020, with the goal of liberalizing trade investment by 2025 and fully achieving the five elements of trade, investment, cross-border financial flows, movement of persons and movement of persons by 2035.
Facilitation. The programme provides for a step-by-step and phased approach to the development of self-trade ports. It calls for an orderly opening process around the facilitation of trade and investment liberalization to be initiated by 2025, and the timely initiation of sealing operations; and the full implementation of the basic institutional arrangements and policies for high-level free trade ports by 2035.
Table 8: Summary of the Hainan Free Trade Ports General Construction Programme Policy: Free access to cross-border financial flows:
By phasing out capital projects, China-South Free Trade Port and offshore capital can be facilitated in an orderly manner. By separating financial households, financial “electronic purse-seine” funds can be set up to facilitate cross-border trade and investment flows.
Zero tariffs: when customs is sealed and simplified, imports from the port are exempted from import duties. Low taxes: corporate income tax, personal income tax preferential rates.
A simple tax system: reform the tax system to reduce the indirect tax ratio. Achieving simple science in the structure of tax systems, adequate optimization of the elements of the tax system, significant reductions in tax burdens, clear attribution of income, and a generally balanced fiscal balance.
Freedom of movement of persons:  Construction of an international shipping and aviation hub for the Western Land, Sea and New Corridor.
The modern industrial system: a major effort to develop tourism, modern services, and high-tech industries. Business flow and passenger circulation spirals impose new requirements on transport infrastructure, and the expansion of San Phoenix airport must take place without delay.
In the 1960’s, the shift from transit trade to attracting foreign investment to upgrade domestic industry and release the year’s cagr as high as 9.7% was accompanied by the continued expansion of Singapore’s Sanyi Airport to support the movement of people, based on Singapore’s historical data from the Port of Trade.
From 37.7 million people in 2008 to 68.3 million in 2019, and from Cagr 5.6 per cent in 11 years, two major airports, particularly San Phoenix Airport, were built at Hainan Free Trade Port as a result of their capacity constraints, which led to a bottleneck in the growth of aircraft before 2019, with only 4.3 per cent of aircraft landings during the five-year period 2014-2019.
Within the overall framework, the expansion of the San Phoenix Airport has a definite orientation and a broader long-term space. 3.1.2. The highest-level open-air policy dividend is expected to continue to be realized after the closure of the island.
The construction program explicitly provides for a more open air transport policy, supporting the opening of the seventh voyage in Hainan on a pilot basis, and allowing the national and regional airlines to carry passenger and cargo operations via Hainan to a third country (the region). The seventh voyage, which is open to all passengers and cargo, is the highest level of open access in the country, as is the right to free trade ports worldwide.
From the successful experiences of other free-trade ports around the world, such as Hong Kong, China, and Singapore, air transport, especially the right-to-air policy, has played an indispensable or absent role in the development of a free-trade port. It can be expected that, with the liberalization of the right-to-air, a number of foreign flights will be attracted to new routes.
The liberalization of navigation rights is an important guarantee of the long-term requirements of the Hainan terminal, and the policy dividend is expected to continue to materialize after the closure of the island. Previously, third, fourth, and fifth flights were opened in Hainan, with a pilot-opened passenger and cargo 7 rights.
The Division could build a more accessible air transport network. The right-to-air policy would allow for full freedom of movement, trade, and movement of people through a combination of preferential measures and institutional innovations at the Hainan port.
3.1.3. Integrated management and development of the main airports throughout the island
For the sole first shareholder of the Port of Meran Airport, the main owner of the Port of Milan, based on business information.