Delivery accelerates, spectrum expands, and the hairline is heading upwards on the 25th of July 2022.
The research assistant, Xu Sheng, is the only company in the country that has been able to use the entire air engine chain, which is the only company in the country that has been able to do so.
Enterprises that develop vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, piston, piston, etc., which are full-scale military aviation engines, have varying ratios of air engines to military aircraft, have single and double hairs, have elastic elastic relationships, and the company fully benefits from the rapid release of the 1455 main warplane types and has high growth.
▪ Aerial engines have a consumption properties that increase faster than military engines. Because of their lifetime limitations and their vulnerability to damage, a certain percentage of their stock is needed to be ready to be replaced at any given time.
Exports like 10 and dragons, with the end of the life of the original imported Russian engines, are expected to expand the product spectra, and the new ones are expected to contribute to the growth of their performance. The new types are moving faster, the corporate product spectra are expected to expand, and the new ones are expected to enter a small, low-speed stream by the end of the 1450s.
It's a large market space that can guarantee long-term high growth. The potential for maintenance operations is high, the cost of major repairs exceeds one-third of the cost of the new generation, and the current strength of the training is significantly increased.
The speed with which the aircraft is lost and the frequency with which the repairs are carried out is accelerated; even if the growth of the future new model is reduced by the peak of production, the demand for high-stock maintenance will ensure the company’s longer-term high growth.  The market for commercial airships and gas turbines is wide-ranging and should be expected to become global in the future.
In the medium-to-long term, cj-1000 and dual-use gas turbines have greater market space and are expected to create new performance elastic spaces for companies in the future. The technological maturity of the products and reforms of state companies are expected to raise profitability levels.
The accelerated growth of the air engine is expected to increase in sophistication, leading to an increase in the recovery of the Māori rate; the National Finance Committee has repeatedly expressed its support for reforms such as equity incentives for listed companies, which are also expected to help if companies advance equity incentives.
▪ Profit forecasts and investment ratings: based on the high profile of the 14th Military Industry and the company’s leading position in the shipping industry chain, without considering the growth of maintenance operations and reforms in State enterprises leading to further profit elasticity, delivery and less than expected; 4) reforms in State enterprises are at a slower pace than expected.
The only domestic supplier of 1.1.3/4 main warplane engines, the only domestic supplier of 1.1.3/4 main warplane engines, was the company's predecessor, Kei Ha, and in 2008 the West Air Group obtained loans through reorganization, targeted increases, etc.
In June 2014, the company completed a major asset restructuring, expanding the scope of the company ' s main business from large engines to large, medium and small starters; in 2020, the company introduced institutional investors to the three fully-owned subsidiaries of Dawn, Leyang Dynasty and South.
In the course of the year, China had acquired the shares of the company held by WACI (22.38 per cent of total equity) on a non-reimbursable basis by means of a State-owned equity transfer, while China had been granted shares of the company by the China-China Industrial Group (or 6.60 per cent of total equity) on a non-reimbursable basis by a State-owned equity transfer, and since the acquisition was completed, China-China had direct shares in 45.79 per cent of the company.
After a number of asset restructurings, the launch engine became the sole domestic supplier for the production and repair of civil aviation engines for large, medium and small military units and large ships for gas turbine power units, the country's only manufacturing of turbojets, vortexes, vortexes, vortexes for a full range of military aviation engines, and the three- and four-generation main warplane engines.
The manufacturing industry is almost monopolistic.
The main task of our military aviation development is to produce the only air engine of all types in the country, the turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, and turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo, turbo,
There is a clear division of labour between the West Air Group (430), which focuses on the development and production of the core parts of large and medium-sized military and aviation engines; Shen Yangtze (410), which focuses on the study of medium- and medium-powered aviation engines; Leyang (460), which focuses on small- and medium-strength jets and vortex engines; and South, which is the main supplier of small and medium-sized aviation engines (331)
On April 23, 2022, Lisyan Steel Research Gona Air Parts Ltd., a joint venture between the pilot power and steel research. This deal could help to optimize the distribution of the supply chain and better work with the four main mainframes and the remaining subsidiaries under the pilot power.
The company's main business and product profile. The company's owner's business consists mainly of aviation engines and derivatives such as civil-military vortex engines, vortex engines, vortex engines, turbo motors, combustion engines, etc., as well as the production of civil aviation engine turnkeys and minor non-flights.
1.4. Sustained growth in corporate revenue and profits The company ' s revenue and profits have continued to grow, and in 2021 it achieved business income of 3,4202 million yuan, an increase of 19.10 per cent in the same year, and a net return to the mother of 1,188 million yuan, an increase of 3.63 per cent in the same year.
The company’s Māori rate and net interest rate are at a low level, mainly because of the number of new models, the company’s product on the left side of the U-coupled curve, the high failure rate, and the subsequent growth in product maturity and reliability, the gross interest rate of the product will rebound and the company will enter a fast-track release period.
1.5. The four main mainframe plants have their own bright spots and dawn companies have the largest revenue and profit contributions: of the four main mainframe plants, dawn companies have the largest contribution to total revenue and profits, with 18,635 million operating in 2021 and 563 million making total profits.
The rate of increase in total revenue and profits: of the four main mainframe plants, the best increase in total profits and revenues was achieved by Leyang, with 33 per cent growth in operating income in 2021 and 540 per cent in 2020.
Air turbine engines are currently the most widely used engines for aircraft flights and are the “hearts” of aircraft. They can be divided into three main categories: pistons, gas turbines and pump jet engines, which are currently most widely used.
Figure 12: Engine classification Figure 11: Typical engine structure Main launch of First and Second World War aircraft
Pistols, cheap prices, high fuel economy, still light and low.
Gas turbines, gradually replacing pistons after World War II.
Engines, the age of jets, the pressure jets, they're still very limited in scope.
Figure 13: Gas Turbo Engine Classification, Gas Turbo Engine, Turbo Jet Engine
Turbo fan engines, turbo propeller engines, turbo axle engines.
Low weight, low size; simple design, accelerated; fuel efficiency and low noise;
The economy isn't as good as a piston engine, it's fast, it's inefficient fuel, it's a large military/civil transporter.
Helicopters, fighter jets, drones, 2.2. Engine markets are dominated by foreign giants.
The market is oligopolistic: military flights are concentrated in the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, and the Middle East, while civil flights are dominated by United States, British, and French companies. General, inclusive, borough, and cfm are the leading players in the air engine market, with cfm occupying the main market share of narrow aircraft.
China is now a catcher, and the two aircraft have solved the financial policy problems of equipment development. The military component has already produced large-scale batches, and the civil cj series is in the process of being developed.
2.3. Temperature and weight reduction are the main measures for aeronautic engine efficiency, with four generations divided according to the engine weight ratio, from the late 40s to the early 21st century, and two main measures for a higher weight ratio: (a) increase in temperature: increase in pre-turbo gas temperature, increase in thrust, for materials.
High requirements; 2) weight reduction: introduction of advanced structures and advanced materials, such as the design of leaves into empty hearts, titanium alloys, carbon fibre composites, etc. 2.4. Civilian engines are moving towards larger culverts to reduce fuel consumption
Civil shipping standards differ considerably from military flights, with a greater focus on safety, economics and environmental noise reduction, while engine manufacturers, aircraft manufacturers and the Department of Navigation often participate in projects to ensure unity of interests.
This was used as an engine for equipment and a gradual reduction in fuel consumption. 2.5 years, the end of the military flight, the future of the civil trade, and the current model into the harvest period: after years of development, the country has now established a complete development.
Production systems, equipped with a series of engines such as turbo, turbo, vortex, vortex, vortex, etc. Major warfare aircraft such as bombers, bombers, bombers, etc. have been used in bulk, and transport engines such as 20 are being nationalized. Helicopters, as a whole technologies such as direct-9, straight-8, straight-10 mature, are being developed.
On the basis of the introduction, a series of vortex-8, vortex-6, and vortex-16 engines were developed. In January, cj-1000ax completed its first complete assembly and, according to the development progress plan, will be followed by on-board tests, engine evidence, and co-evidence with the aircraft.
cj-2000 is also under development. Figure 17: cj-1000 engine, Figure 18: c919 aircraft and c1000 engine follow-up
3. Delivery accelerates, the alumni rises to a turning point 3.1. Engines have long snowy slopes, and engines benefit from the use of military aircraft: as power devices for aircraft, the ratio of the number of aircraft engines to the number of military aircraft varies.
With single and double hair, the elasticity of a multiple relationship is expected to benefit fully from the rapid release of 14 or 5 main warplane types, with air motors having a consumption properties and increasing faster than military jets. Given the lifetime limitations and vulnerability of engines, there is a need for a percentage of the stock ready to be replaced at any given time.
A large number of active stock types, such as 10 coaches and dragons, will gradually be replaced as the life expectancy of imported Russian engines expires. The market space for maintenance is wide and is expected to guarantee long-term high growth.
After a new one-third of Ben, the current strength of the training effort has increased significantly, the engine is losing fast, and the frequency of maintenance has increased faster; Even if new models are to fall at the peak of production in the future, large stock maintenance needs will ensure that the company’s longer-term commercial air and gas turbine markets are wide and should be expected. In the future, the country is expected to become a global commercial aircraft.
The air market with the largest demand, commercial air engines cj-1000 and dual-use gas turbines in the medium to long term, has greater market space. 3.2.2022 to 2027, the domestic market for military air engines is expected to reach nearly $100 billion in size.
The future development objectives of our air force require the initial construction of a modern strategic air force by 2035, and a world-class air force by mid-century. At present, the number and structure of our military aircraft are quite different from those of the United States, and we estimate that the domestic market for military air engines is expected to be close to $100 billion between 2022 and 2027.
The size of the domestic civil engine market is expected to reach hundreds of billions of dollars over the next 20 years. The civil aviation engine market is larger: Chinese commercial flights forecast, 2021-2040, with China ' s air market expected to receive more than 50 passenger aircraft of 8725 with a market value of approximately $1.3 trillion (based on 2019 catalogue prices).
The domestic civil aviation engine market is expected to be in the hundreds of billions of United States dollars, measured by about 25 per cent of the aircraft ' s value. Currently, the country ' s 919 major aircraft are using imported engines, and there is a vast future of national production replacement space.
The engine design modulation test was completed in the year. ws20: developed for transport-20; and the 20-package ws20 flight in November 2020.
Figure 25: In November 2020, the 20-package ws20 flight company was on its way to a turning point, downstream demand accelerated delivery, and company gross interest rates were expected to rise as technology matured; and the CNR had repeatedly expressed its support for such reforms as equity incentives for listed companies, if they were companies.
Post-sale maintenance is expected to increase the company’s performance further, and engine maintenance is expected to increase more frequently in the coming years as engine stocks increase significantly, stacked with high-intensity operational training.
In addition, reference is made to the International Shipping Giant, which earns more than 50 per cent of the total revenue from engine maintenance after sale, and the back end maintenance market, which will result in a significant increase in the company ' s performance.
The company is the only company in the country that can develop vortex, and it's the only company in the country that can develop vortex.
The vortex, vortex, vortex, vortex, piston, etc., which is a spectra-wide military aviation engine, the ratio of aviation engines to military aircraft varies, has single and double hair, has a multiplier elasticity, and the company fully benefits from the rapid and high-growth performance of the 14 and 5 main warplane types.
Aerial engines have a consumption properties that increase faster than military engines. Because of their lifetime limitations and vulnerability, they also have a percentage of their stock ready to be replaced at any given time.
The product spectrum is expected to expand, and the new one is expected to contribute to the growth of performance. The new wave is moving faster, the company product spectrum is expected to expand, and the new number is expected to enter a small batch of low-speed production by the end of the fourteen-five, and the 15-five will accelerate further.
(b) Even in the future, even when new models reach a peak in production, high demand for maintenance will ensure a longer-term high level of maintenance.
In the future, the country is expected to become the largest air market in global commercial aircraft demand, with commercial aviation in the medium to long term, with a greater market space for cj-1000 and dual-use gas turbines, which are expected to bring new corporate product technology to the company in the future, leading to an increase in the recovery of the Māori rate; and the National Council has made several statements in the medium to long term.
By supporting reforms such as equity incentives for listed companies, and if they advance equity incentives, they are also expected to contribute to higher levels of profitability, based on the high profile of the 14th Military Industry and the company's leading position in the shipping chain, and without considering the elasticity of further profits resulting from the maintenance industry and the reform of State enterprises, we expect the company to earn 2022-2024.
In theory, the cost-effectiveness of the maintenance business is higher, adding up the profit margins of the state’s reforms, such as equity incentives, and the company’s level of profits and profits have the potential to be further enhanced. China’s main suppliers of air equipment, China’s China West, China’s direct shares, and Hongdu Airlines are the main suppliers of the country’s entire aircraft.
The selection of comparable companies to measure relative valuation methods. 2) Product development is less advanced than expected: engine product technology is more difficult and objectively less advanced 3) production, delivery is less than expected: engine product industrial chains are longer and production delivery is less than expected
4) The reform of state enterprises is progressing at a slower pace than expected: the reform of state enterprises is uncontrollable and risks are not as high as expected.