The year 2023 saw a dramatic increase in the performance of the aluminium industry, leading in the integrated layout of the aluminium industry — the China Aluminium Industry (60160.sh) incident evaluation report, which issued an advance notice of the performance of China's aluminium industry for 2023: expected to be achieved in 2023
▪ The company strengthened its production controls, and aluminium prices fell but did perform at the same level as 2023, with a slight drop in the prices of electrolytic aluminium and aluminium oxide in the same year. In 2023, the Chinese market for a00 aluminium in the Yangtze River averaged 18702 yuan/ton, compared to 6.43 per cent, and aluminium oxide in the same year.
Despite a slight decline in market prices for major products, in 2023 the company achieved a similar increase in its performance and continued positive growth in its production operations by strengthening production planning and process controls, increasing its effective capacity utilization, and continuing to deepen its overall factor versus target.
• The Guinea Bofa mine is operational, with 2 million tons of tiles 2 projects scheduled for production in 2025, and the Bofa bauxite mining project is proceeding in an orderly manner, which was not affected by the bombing of the Guinean oil depot.
The company has the highest amount of bauxite in the country, with 1.8 billion tons of bauxite overseas, of which 1.758 billion tons of bauxite are rich, with a storage capacity of 98 million tons and a grade of 38.64%, and can produce bauxite annually.
The company imported more than 6 million tons of bauxite in the first half of 2023 out of the planned production of the Bofa project.
Moreover, its bauxite transport route from the Indian Ocean to China via Africa’s Cape of Good Hope is not directly affected by recent red maritime developments.
The domestic supply of electrolytic aluminium has continued to be tight, with a net increase in production capacity in 2024 being more predictable. According to the Begawan Mobil, as of 25 January 2024, China had completed 47,349.9 million tons of electrolytic aluminium and started work on 42.07.8 million tons.
In terms of new capacity, 2.98 million tons of new capacity were built and started in 2024, which is expected to take into account changes in the raw materials of electrolytic aluminium, energy costs and the need for and supply of aluminium.
Aluminium prices have moved up, and the industrial synergies of the company are evident, so we cover the company for the first time, giving a “buy-in” rating of investment.
The new material group introduced the Master of Science, Chinese University of Hong Kong, 3 years of master ' s degree in science, and 6 years of experience in new energy research.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or because of, the specific advice or opinions in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.