Aluminium oxide price rises, company performance benefits from the integration of the aluminium industry chain Incident: The company issued an advance notice of performance in 2023, and the company expected to be owned by \triangleright in 2023
The net profits of shareholders in listed companies in China's aluminium industry (60160.sh) ranged from RMB 6.3 billion to RMB 7.3 billion, and the net profits of the same profit ranged from RMB 6.6 billion to RMB 7.6 billion, an increase of 113 per cent to the same year.
Aluminium oxide production by company q4 was 4.23 million tons (three tons less in comparison with year); 1.88 million tons of aluminium production by q4 sources (12 tons less in comparison with year). Aluminium oxide production by company has changed significantly over time, and we expect it to decrease mainly since the end of 2022 due to new material by subsidiary Shanxi.
Production capacity is 1 million tonnes/year, affecting production. Prices: 18699.63 yuan/tonne of aluminium from the Yangtze River in 2023 (same as -6.2%); 18965.5 yuan/tonne of aluminium from the q4 Yangtze River (same as +1.1% and ring value of 0.403 yuan/kwh, which is essentially the same; and 0.412 yuan/kwh/tonne of electricity and water from the q4 Yunnan.
The average price of bauxite is $454.9 per ton (+8 per cent year-on-year, ring +2.7 per cent). Cost: We expect a tax-weighted cost of bauxite q4 without tax weights of $2239 per ton, ring +13 per ton. Company electrolysis aluminium q4 without tax weights increased by $589 per to 13088 tons per ton.
Aluminium plates, although influenced by electricity prices and the cost of aluminium oxide, increase costs faster than aluminium prices and lower profits from single tons of electrolytic aluminium. Aluminium oxides, aluminium oxides and bauxite mines have increased prices for aluminium plates, which have led to higher performance. The price of raw materials has risen, but the company’s profitability has stabilized, highlighting the integration of the company’s industrial chain.
\triangleright \triangleright
Its 100,000-tonne/year electrolytic aluminum idle capacity index was given to the company’s subsidiary, Qing Hai Branch; the construction of 3 issues of 420,000 tons of electrolytic aluminum in Inner Mongolia Yun; and the change in the technology of the Chinese materials cell. We expect to grow by 620,000 tons/year until the full production capacity of the company.
The company ' s electrolytic aluminium plates will continue to benefit from the growth of capacity when industrial capacity is scarce.2 The company continues to accelerate access to domestic and foreign resources, adding 21 million tons of bauxite in the first half of the year. In addition, the 2 million tons of aluminium oxide project in Guangxihua was successfully advanced, Silver Star.
We believe that once all of the above projects are operational, the advantages of corporate industrial chain integration will continue to emerge.
The ratio of electrolytic aluminium to green electricity is expected to rise further. \triangleright Sindam Securities Inc.
In view of the growing importance of the company's industrial chain integration, the power of electrolytic aluminium production is still increasing, and the company is making a profit.
Risk factors: demand for electrolytic aluminium is not as high as expected, and Yunnan's capacity for electrolytic aluminium production is limited.
In March 2020, he joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre for basic metal research. Songyang, Master of Mechanical Engineering, Hong Kong City University, former member of the National Gold Bond and, in January 2024, became a member of the Sinda Securities Corporation and engaged in new materials and precious metals, among other things.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.