tcl tclzhonghuanrenewableenerytechnology (002129ch) q3 q2 q3revenueandnetprofitfellby 20%, Butweareopmisticabout the company'sg12siliconwatertechnologyadvantage
The focus on investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forenglichsummary) is due to the current imbalances in supply and demand in the industry and the rapid decline in prices in the industrial chain.
As the leader of the g12 silicon market, the company combines industrial 4.0 manufacturing and thin silica improvement processes, and silicon consistency continues to rise. The company sold silicon tablets in the first three quarters of 2023 on a par with 68%, with the world leading city; the company is expected to produce silicon q3 in the first three quarters of 2023.
30gw, ring + 9%, the unit of measure earns about 6 cents/w, and the ring is basically flat. The company’s 50gwg12 single crystal silicon capacity in Ningxia has already landed and is expected to reach 180gw by the end of 2023.
The company is actively promoting the “g12+Scaffolding” technology route to enhance the manufacture of differentiated components. Although the component business for q3 delivery of 2gw was lost due to a significant price decline, the company lost its operations.
The company’s new 25gw battery industry, 4.0 smart factory in Guangzhou, is expected to accelerate the release of high-quality n-topcon production capacity, while effectively reducing non-silicon costs through its own major copper process.
It is expected that the company’s long-term incentive system will be further improved. The company continues to promote the overseas distribution of capacity.
Industry is globalized and the products of the project will be sold mainly to the Middle East and Africa. Profit predictions and investment proposals: the price of silicon/components has declined considerably in the recent past, with strong headlines and significant advantages for the manufacturing process, taking into account the effects of increased competition in the industry
The whole valuation of the plate, we're downplaying the company's 2023pe valuation target to 13 times.