Silver International Securities and Wise Investment Corporation research -- a (601012ch)
We believe that strong profit growth will begin to be held back in the second quarter, largely because the impact of the new crown epidemic on the main photovoltaic markets abroad, the United States, and Europe, will begin to emerge in the second quarter. The ongoing decline in product prices in the photovoltaic industry chain is an example of how demand will be affected.
The company recorded an increase in revenue of 49.6% to RMB 32.9 billion in 19 years. The robust rate of increase in receivables was driven by an increase in sales of single crystal silicon components of 139.3% to 23.4%.
The company ' s overall Māori rate rose by 6.7 to 28.9% over the same period, and the plate ' s Māori performance was amazing, with silicon Māori up to 32.2% and Māori component up to 25.2%, achieving a net profit of RMB 5,280 million, an increase of 106.4% over the previous quarter.
50.6% to RMB 8.6 billion, and the quarterly net profit of RMB 1.86 billion, which is once again high. Companies maintain a steady growth in the output of their components in one quarter, and the output of their components is significantly lower, but the company has achieved a better average price for the sale of their components by increasing the number of components to exports to the United States.
The export of US components to the United States amounts to 450 megawatts, or 24% of the output of the components, while the sale of US components to other parts has a higher premium for the region. Silicon and Māori components totalled 39.1% and 22.5%, respectively, a quarter, reflecting the company’s efforts to reduce costs and increase efficiency.
The second quarter will begin to face resistance. Management maintains the year-round guidance on silicon/assembly shipments 58gw/20gw (including internal shipments), based on 1) about 8gw component orders are now locked, while 2) optimism about the recovery of overseas markets is expected to phase out US and European component exports.
We believe that the momentum of rapid corporate growth is threatened by fluctuations in demand affected by the epidemic. Since March 25, we have observed that the price of silicon tablets and components has fallen by 14.7/4.1%.
The company accelerated the pace of downswing of silicon end costs during the year. Management revealed that non-silicon long crystal costs were 25,46% lower compared to the same year, while the cost of non-silicon slices was 26,5% lower.
We measure the total non-silicon cost of 2019 silicon ends at RMB 0.91/. Management expects to achieve a further 10% reduction in nonsilicon end throughout 2020, and explains that further cost savings will come from a thinner silicon specification and a thinning of the diamond lines, which is expected to decline gradually from 180 mm.
To 160 μm, and (2), the yield rate has risen from 93% to 95%. We believe that the company's leading business on the current silicon-silent track, the spectacular Maori performance of the quarter, is the best evidence of cost leadership, and will help the company maintain a more stable profit performance in a fierce price competition.
▪ Operating cash flow performance was strong, but accounts payable also increased. Companies achieved strong operating cash flows of $8.16 billion in 2019, a significant increase from RMB 1.170 billion in 2018. We analysed the increase in accounts payable as one of the major drivers of operating cash flow growth, under the same heading.
The management explained that accounts payable related to photovoltaic manufacturing only increased by 1.3 billion yuan, reflecting an expansion in parallel with the company’s business size. But the rest of the increase came from an increase in the amount of equipment and materials due for the expansion of the project.
The project plan slightly prolonged the period of accounts payable to suppliers of equipment and materials, while, as the market understands, it will be difficult to maintain a high level of operating cash flow performance in future fiscal years.