Performance exceeded expectations slightly, with a single crystallized advantage 23 April 2020 Corporate rating: increase (maintain)
In 2019, the performance was slightly higher than expected, with a significant increase in 20q1. In 2019, the Department achieved business income of $32,897 million, an increase of 49.62 per cent over the same period; and the return to thinner) of 19.11 per cent, an increase of 3.56 pcts over the same year, with a net interest rate of 16.89 per cent over the same period.
Growth of 204.92 per cent. Performance in 19 years was slightly higher than expected, with increased profitability. Research Assistant: Wei Dae-chul 2. Production capacity expanded at an accelerated rate, costs decreased further, and overseas demand contributed significantly.
The company ' s 19-year performance stems mainly from three factors: 1) accelerated planning for productive capacity, early production of projects such as Ligang Huayong and Chu Yu (phase 2), 77.83 per cent growth in single crystal silicon products year-on-year, and production of single crystal components increased year-on-year.
Firms are qualified for portfolio investment consulting, silicon costs fall by 26.50 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and 3) the growth of overseas income is significant, and the market share of products has increased rapidly.
1. Lungi Stocking In-depth Study - Core technology and performance rate of about 7 per cent, with overseas sales reaching 4,991mw, an increase of 154 per cent compared to the previous year,2 and Lungi Stockings for the 19th Quarterly Report - Performance Matches
3. The global monocrystal share has continued to rise, and corporate perc conversion efficiency has re-emerged, with a profit cycle of 191031 spending on corporate R&D costs of $304 million, an increase of 50.5 per cent over the same period.
The two-sided perc battery positive conversion efficiency of 24.06 per cent, breaking the 24 per cent efficiency bottleneck in the industry perc battery, further entrenching the industry’s flagship position. 2020q1 affected by the epidemic, production is restored in an orderly manner, and delivery capacity is fully guaranteed.
q1 components are expected to deliver more than 2gw, with a significant increase in net interest rates of 4.51 pcts, and increased volume and profitability are expected to lead to further growth in corporate performance.
This will be business-driven. According to the LJP, the improved ability to access the Internet at an affordable price, and the construction of overseas channels, solar power is expected to continue to grow at a high rate over the next three years, with limited space projected for the future, significant improvements in intra-company cost control and stable Maori rates.
Single crystal silicon silicon, one of the core products of the company, has cost and technical advantages, perc conversion rates are repeated, annual output expands well, and we expect the business to grow by 50 per cent in each of the three years 2020e-2022e.
The company ' s electricity business as a whole was relatively small, and in 2019, the company ' s business followed the industrial chain and moved downstream. Batteries, as an intermediate link in the industrial chain, were influenced by industry purchasing characteristics and accounted for a relatively small share. Companies had a significant advantage in single crystal conversion rates and manufacturing processes, with 2020e - 2022e expected to operate for three years.
Business income has increased at a rate of 20 per cent per year, while the Māori rate has remained stable at 20 per cent. Other company operations include power station construction and services, single crystal silicon rods, photovoltaic system equipment, etc. 2019 The business is progressing well, with single crystal silicon rods and power station construction increasing rapidly. 2020e - 2022e is projected
Other operations are operating at a growth rate of 80 per cent over the three-year period, while 2020e - 2022e other operations have a guaranteed Māori rate, and the potential scope for future operations is enormous, maintaining an increased rating.
The report’s analytical logic is based on one’s professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects his research views, and the conclusions are not directed or influenced by any third party.