Lungi shares have increased by the same amount, with a quarterly forecast of over-expected performance The company issued a forecast of its performance in the first quarter of 2020, with a projected profit of $1.65-1950 billion for 2020q1.
The growth of 170-219 per cent over the same period exceeded market expectations. Companies were actively expanding as monocrystal poles and capturing 2020q1 performance is projected to increase faster than expected: companies issued performance forecasts for the first quarter of 2020, and companies are expected to realize net profits of 1.650-1950 billion on shareholders in listed companies in the first quarter of 2020.
Dollars, 170-219 per cent increase over the same period; expected profitability after deduction of non-recurrent gains and losses Actively responding to the impact of the epidemic and contributing to higher performance: due to the impact of the epidemic, companies have been flexible in adjusting their production business plans, restoring production capacity in an orderly manner, fully safeguarding delivery capacity, and maintaining
Since then, the production of the company’s previous stages of construction has become operational. It has benefited from an expansion in the size of the production capacity, a rapid increase in the sales of the company’s main product, single crystal silicon and components, and a rapid increase in the sales of large-scale silicon and high-capacity components.
The manufacturing capacity continues to expand: the company announced in its previous announcement that it intended to acquire Ning Bo-Yi, which has super 3gw battery capacity and 7gw component capacity in Viet Nam, and recently announced the construction of 7.5gw single crystals for Xi'an.
The Battery Project, the 5gw Single Crystal Component Project, the 10gw Single Crystal Silicon Stick Project, signed an investment agreement for 20gw and 10g Cube, in which silicon capacity is expected to be phased in from 2020 to 2021; and other expansion projects that were put in place in the previous period are proceeding in an orderly manner.
" Lungi shares: acquisition of overseas production capacity, sustained expansion " The epidemic has had an over-intensity of time and magnitude; policy risks; industry demand is not as high as expected; decline is not as expected; and capacity digestion is not as high as expected.
Bank of China International Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, Lee Kowloon.