Single Crystal Dragon q1 with high performance and constant strength -- first quarter 2020 performance forecast rating, Sunkwan
The company's performance forecast for the first quarter of 2020. The company expects a substantial shift in silicon in the first quarter of 2020, a significant increase in profitability and a better demand for photovolcage silicon in the first quarter of 2020, with the company expected to collect q1 silicon in 2020.
Over $3.8 billion, silicon silicon output is expected to be about 1.9-20 billion, up 94-104% from the same year, and pellets (+13%) with a certain product premium. Meanwhile, q1 silicon supply is tight, public silicon product prices are strong, while upstream silicon prices continue to decline, and companies continue to experience a quarterly silicon end.
The Māori rate is expected to reach a high level of around 39%, with a five percentage point rise in the ring ratio. The global epidemic has slowed, demand has slowed, and company prices for silicon fell in April, within expectations.
The Māori rate for silicon business is expected to remain high throughout the year 2020, with a steady increase in sales of components, and an expansion of overseas markets yielding positive results.
According to General Customs export data, exports of photovoltaic components recovered significantly in March as domestic component manufacturers resumed work and there was a backlog of exports in February. The export of domestic components declined slightly in January-March 2020, with exports of 7.49gw increasing by 165% in March.
Corporate growth in overseas markets has been remarkable, with 60% of overseas sales per quarter (about 1.2gw) and 8% of overseas markets. Components are distributed across the United States, Europe, Brazil, Australia, and so forth, with a significant increase in the United States.
Up to 22%. The company is full of hand orders, and at the end of 2019 it landed on some 9gw component orders, with a high visibility of demand in the first half of the year. The company’s performance in the first quarter is higher than expected, and we raise the company’s profit forecast.
Maintenance of corporate “uptake” ratings. Global photovoltaics are not as predictable as expected, changes in the international trade situation, production capacity is not released as expected, and product price fluctuations are over-anticipated.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.