Key data (completed as of 24 April): - Performance growth is higher than expected and core competitiveness is higher - Lungi shares are published in 2019 and in the first quarter of 2020, in 2019, companies
In the first quarter of 2020, the company achieved an operating income of $8,599 million and a net profit of $1,864 million.
Business income increased by 49.62 per cent and 50.60 per cent, respectively, in the first quarter of the year, exceeding market expectations, mainly owing to the company ' s over-expected completion of its capacity planning targets. By the end of 2019, the company ' s single crystal silicone output had reached 42gw, a 50 per cent increase in the same year, with single crystal component capacity.
14gw, an increase of 59% in the same year. The output of corporate products increased significantly, driven by an over-anticipated expansion of capacity. In 2019, the production of corporate single crystal silicon was 6,477 million tablets, an increase of 77.83% in the same year and 8,906.36mw in single crystal components, an increase of 24.11% in the same year.
The leading R & D advantage guarantees that companies will be profitable enough to remain ahead of the industry and that efficient products will dominate the upgrading of the industry. In 2019 and the first quarter of 2020, corporate R & D spending was 5.1 per cent of business income and 5 per cent for three consecutive years.
In a homogenous pattern of competition in the industry, companies, with the advantage of leading research and development in the industry, have for the fourth year in a row released the he-mo series of high-efficiency monocrystal component products to the market, leading the industry to upgrade to high-efficiency products. In May 2019, the company synchronized the launch of a new generation of he-to-
Mo component products hi-mo4 and m6 monocrysilica. The third-party certified test agency tüv Rhine tested that the conversion efficiency of the company component has reached 22.38%, continuously updating the world record. The introduction of efficient products has not only reduced the cost of power generation for downstream customers.
It also maintains the company's good profitability for its products, and the win-win pattern will make the company's “downside efficiency” a industry trend, and the “Mathel effect” will further consolidate its corporate leadership. Since this year, the multi-crystal silicon material has been moved down from $73/kg.
The price of Great Wall Swe Securities Co. Ltd. and Type P158 has been revised downwards simultaneously. We do not think that this would affect the company's industrial competitiveness, and the company announced it as a result of the company's patent authorization for enthralization.
The same price for the type of product (baboon and clover) will lead to a shift from the elimination of backward polycrystal capacity to the elimination of backward monocrystal capacity. Competition in the photovoltaic sector will increase as a result of the new coronary pneumonia, the “Mathel effect” of the industry will become more visible, and the backward capacity will be phased out of the market.
The efficiency with which the company’s management operates has led to higher expectations in terms of planning targets, and we believe that the company’s business goal of completing business income of $49.6 billion in 2020 is likely to be an event.
The risk of global macroeconomic fluctuations; the risk of protection of international trade; the risk of increased competition in the industry; and the demand for domestic aircraft are not as high as expected, as defined by the increase or decline in securities relative to market benchmark indices over the six months following the reporting period:
The following is defined as the industry ' s increase or decline in relation to the market benchmark index over the six-month period following the reporting period: