The extraordinary expectations of the Research Centre for Resources and the Environment are more reflective of the excesses of the powerful.
Q1 performance on a continuous basis is exceeding expectations: taking into account the traditional low seasons in the q1 sector and the domestic epidemic to produce 1) asp higher overseas component output relative to the same ring ratio; 2) higher Māori power group
1. “Overseas production and distribution of energy, with trade barriers and large-scale silicon upscaling ratios; 3) the continuous uphill release of Yunnan II production capacity; 4) the high efficiency of production and delivery recovery from the domestic epidemic; and 5) the continuing decline in the nonsilicon cost of whole product lines.
The impact of the epidemic on corporate performance is expected to be significantly less than the overall impact on global demand: China q4 has high levels of profitability and re-innovation, and the 2020 performance is expected to be a global photovoltaic manufacturing centre that has quickly recovered supply capacity from the epidemic, but the epidemic is spreading globally and is still growing rapidly.
Measures such as sealing, segregation, etc. adopted by countries will continue to inevitably affect this year's global light-voltage build-up 3.
"Extension of Debt Transfer Protection, Consolidation of Lead Positions " , which began to fall noticeably at the end of March, but prices for silicon, glass, battery processing, etc. at the end of the company's cost are also increasing - a review of the Lungi Stock Company incident.
Simultaneous decline in the price of silicon and glass, measured at a rate of $5/kg and $2/m, will result in silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon silicon.
The downward shift in prices will accelerate the exit of the multi-crystal and, to some extent, inhibit the expansionary impulse of new entrants, while the weakening of the end demand and structural changes will accelerate the increase in the concentration of components, so that sales of the company’s core products throughout the year are not expected to fall significantly short of expectations as a result of the epidemic.
▪ The excess performance expectations of this special period are a microscopic manifestation of the company's macro-competitiveness: while the q1 performance has many micro-interpretations, the only “high-asp” is the concentration of the enterprise's multiple strengths in terms of product power, brand power, global layout, etc. (for more details, see we 3/31)
The industry depth report " Component links, from high barriers to high profitability " ; production logistics security/restoration in the outbreak and after re-entry (8621), 61357595, fully reflects the advantage of leading enterprises in terms of the level of resource access and management.
1.86,233 yuan; considering that the epidemic will not change the logic of medium- and long-term development in the light of the epidemic and will accelerate industrial shuffling and competition for overseas epidemics, the impact of the epidemic on demand is higher than expected; domestic policies are lower than expected; and product prices are higher than expected.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment