Information technology semiconductor and semiconductor production equipment Annual report (601012) and quarterly reviews - high performance growth poles featured: companies published annual reports 2019 and one quarterly report 2020.
At this point, net cash flows from operating activities amounted to $8,158 million, an increase of 595.34 per cent over the same period; in the first quarter of 2020, operating income amounted to $8,599 million, an increase of 50.6 per cent over the same period; the net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies amounted to $1,864 million, an increase of 204.92 per cent over the same period.
The growth of overseas markets has been remarkable, and the share of the monocrystal market has increased rapidly. Companies have been able to effectively secure the market demand for monocrystal products, based on single-crystal technology and cost advantages, at the core of raising the price of their customers.
In 2019, companies actively pursued a globalization strategy by fine-tuning the organizational structure of sales, enhancing the capacity of overseas sales and services, and overseas municipalities.
The field expansion has been remarkable, the global distribution region has expanded further, overseas income has grown significantly, and the Group of Lungi shares (601012) has seen a rapid increase in market access for Lungi stock products and about 7 per cent of the market for corporate component products in 2019.
Overseas sales reached 4,991mw, an increase of 154% from the previous year, and accounted for 67% of the total external sales of single crystal components.
The advantage of value for money is further highlighted by the rapid rise in the global single crystal market share, which is rated on the basis of the pv Lungi stock (601012) " Lungi stock (601012) " - high performance " .
Research and development (R & D) investment continues to grow and products become more competitive. In 2019, companies maintained high levels of research and development, with research and development spending of $1.677 billion, or 5.1 per cent of operating income, during the year, with the annual report (60112) and the first quarterly review -
Product non-silicon costs were further reduced, with the average unit non-silicon cost of the crystalline chain falling on a year-on-year basis. Sales continued to grow at a high level, overseas operations were released. 25.46 per cent, the average unit nonsilicon cost of the sliced link decreased by 26.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, core key quality
-2019/04/29 Indicators continue to improve optimally, and silicon quality and cost continue to lead the industry.
24.06%, breaking the industry ' s previously perceived 24% efficiency bottle for perc batteries, the company ' s composition conversion efficiency has reached 22.38% and continuously updates the world record. The company has introduced new products for m6 silicon and hi-mo4 components, further increasing product power, leading and driving the industrial chain.
Practice Qualifications Code: The cost of collating and decomposing electricity continues to decline and to meet market demand for efficient products. At the same time, companies pay close attention to trends in technology and applications, and there is sufficient stocking of new technologies and new products.
In order to guarantee the supply of market-efficient monocrystal products, the company has accelerated the start-up of its planned production capacity. The Ligang Hua Peng Lungi annual production of 6gw single crystal silicon sticks project, the Paosan Lungi annual production of 6gw single crystal silicon sticks project, Chu Yulongi (phase 2)
By the end of 2019, the company's single crystal silicon product had reached 42gw and its single crystal component production capacity.
By 14gw, capacity planning targets were overexpected; crystal size advantages were further consolidated, maximizing market demand for efficient monocrystal products. In addition, planning for high-power group production capacity development in companies moved fast to ensure global leadership in high-power products.
Investment advice: The firm’s deep-deep-farming, monocrystal technology route has great advantages in cost, efficiency, and management. With the advent of a flat-priced Internet access in the photovoltaic industry, the company, as a monocrystal giant and $2.16/share, gives a “buy-in” rating of p16, 14 and 13 times.
Lungi shares (601012) - high performance poles are prominent - high performance poles (601012) - high performance poles are significant
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.