The company published sales data for the month of November, with a total of 7686 buses sold in November, an increase of 6.34 per cent over the same period, of which 2,611 (-19.78 per cent) were sold in large buses, 4,473 (+27 per cent) in medium buses, light
In the case of new-energy buses, after six months of digestion of the steep fall in subsidies, the third quarter of the production is at a turning point. The fourth quarter of the year, when sales are warming, is continuing, and, according to China’s bus network, Yutung Yutung has become a new energy source in October.
Source bus sales, which increased by 16.8 per cent over the same period, are expected to continue to grow in November.
Car performance - Utunbus company review, 2017.11.6 points, while new energy buses are concentrated mainly in the area of public transport, and the trend towards largeness is expected to become even more pronounced.
The increase in the company’s profitable large passenger vehicle ratio will significantly enhance the company’s profitability, from which it will maintain a stable year-round performance. Given the sales performance of December, the new energy bus is expected to be strong: in the short run, subsidies are falling back.
In the medium and long term, the development of new energy buses has been supported, and the current penetration rate of new energy buses in the area of public transport is about 30% and is expected to rise to over 70% in the future. At the same time, we believe that the government has adjusted its subsidy policy.
Raising the subsidy technology threshold will provide a strong incentive for companies that are leading in terms of product technology. The Woo-tung bus is expected to become the leader of a technologically advanced new energy bus, and the city’s share is expected to rise, with the stronger being 15.6 times the year for new energy users more than 7 metres.
The demand in the area of buses and buses is currently generally stable, and annual sales are more affected by the rate of replacement of new vehicles. The cost of replacement of new energy buses at this stage is more affected by subsidies, which, if the rate and range of the downside are significantly higher than expected, will discourage downstream customers from buying from them.
There are many alternative risks to passenger vehicles. The company’s traditional vehicles are road passenger vehicles, the passenger market has been hit by high iron in recent years, demand has declined significantly under parallel lines, and multiple lines have been replaced by high iron at the same time, with a significant negative impact on the overall volume of sales to the company.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment