The increase in the growth of new energy buses is steadily higher than the increase in the number of passenger cars, and the November 2017 sales point review of the bus (600066) > the steady increase in the overall aggregate volume of sales continues to shrink.
In addition, the company produced 9,131 vehicles in November, an increase of 8.6 per cent in the same year; production was much higher than sales, and it is expected that the rate of counterfeiting of real companies in the high-growth sector of new energy buses is expected to increase steadily.
It is expected that next year the subsidy test will become more stringent and that the policy will be strongly oriented; the company will be the leader of the bus, and the funding of the subsidy will be announced: 16,000 buses will receive a subsidy of $5,853 million.
Research Assistant: Zhang Dongdong III, Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations
Under the policy direction of falsifying reality, fostering excellence, the competitiveness and long-term development of the company’s products are expected to be enhanced by the continued increase in the penetration of new energy buses and the gradual increase in the penetration of new energy seats by passenger cars.
1 U.S. bus (600066) sold in October 2017: new energy bus sales of yoy 17% q4
"Big Leader" 2017.10.24 Quantum: The three-quarterly report on the continuing warmth of new energy buses is worth looking forward to" 2017.10.
Figure 1: Monthly sales of Woo-tung passenger vehicles (in units of vehicles) Figure 2: Monthly sales of Woo-tun passenger vehicles at the same speed (in units of %) Figure 3: Monthly sales of Woo-tung passenger vehicles (in units of vehicles)
Figure 4: Year-on-year increase in monthly sales by Hutong (in units of vehicles) Figure 5: Monthly sales by Wootong (in units of vehicles) Figure 6: Monthly sales by Wootong (in units of vehicles)
Figure 7: Woo-tung Light Passenger Monthly Sales (in vehicles) Figure 8: Woo-tung Light Passenger Monthly Sales at the same speed (in vehicles) Zhang Dongdong, University of Xian Transport, Master of Business Management, cumulative nine years of research experience in the automobile industry. 3 years of management consulting experience, focusing on user orientation, products.
In 2016, the author was included in civil securities. He had a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,