The company published sales data for October 2017: 5,508 in October, an increase of 1.7 per cent over the same period.
>The cumulative volume of sales has continued to shrink. Companies have steadily increased their sales in October on a year-on-year basis, and the ring ratio has declined as a result of the 11 holidays; the cumulative volume of 1-10 months has continued to shrink at an equal rate of sales.
>New energy passenger vehicles continue to warm for four quarters of the season. The company sold about 2,400 new energy passenger vehicles in October, an increase of about 17 per cent compared to the previous month, and the ring grew by about 9 per cent; 1-10 was affected by factors such as the directory of vehicles and the fall of subsidies, and corporate trends in new energy passenger vehicles and industry declined in the first half of the year.
Large: sales have been warming since the second half of the year, and sales in the first quarter of the third quarter have been increasing at the same rate: with the introduction of local subsidies and the start of public transport purchases, the fourth quarter of the year has been marked by a boom in industry, with new energy buses guided by policies to hide the truth, to foster excellence, to continue to increase the penetration rate of new public transport and to create new ones.
Energy seat passenger vehicle penetration has gradually increased, looking at the competitiveness and long-term development of the company’s products. The estimate is 2017, maintaining a “very recommended” rating.
Zhang Dongdong, remarks: "O3 One Season's Harvesting and Better Profits for Long-Term Good Business" 2017.10.24.
Measuring: The three-quarterly report on the continuing warmth of the new energy passenger vehicle is worth looking forward to. Figure 2017.10.10: Monthly sales of the bus (in units of vehicles)
Figure 2: Year-on-year increase in monthly sales of buses (in %) Figure 3: Year-on-year sales of passengers (in %) Figure 4: Year-on-month sales of passengers (in %)
Figure 5: Monthly passenger sales (in units of vehicles) Figure 6: Monthly passenger sales in units of speed (in units of vehicles) Figure 7: Monthly sales in units of light passenger sales (in units of vehicles)
Figure 8: Year-on-year increase in the volume of light monthly sales (in: one) Yu Haikun, Master of Business Administration, University of Qinghua, for nearly eight years in the auto industry, expert in motor circulation and aftercare.
Three years of consultancy experience in the management of a consulting firm, focusing on user orientation, product positioning, business strategic counselling: six years of experience in the work of a large commercial vehicle enterprise, familiar with corporate warfare through the Ministry of Strategic and Development, the Ministry of Marketing Company Markets and Commodity Management.
In 2016, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensured that the data used in the report were derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis was based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, sought to be objective, impartial, and not to be influenced or influenced by any third party.