Phillipcapital bus (600066.ch) Explosion rate in the fourth quarter
The Chinese car production update report 2017h1 was disrupted by a 30% decline in corporate clean profits, a 0.1 percent increase in the Māori rate, and a reverse increase in market value.
As of October 10th, the industry is warming up and four quarters of the explosion is about to occur, and ordinary stockholders (millions of shares):
City Hall (million yuan): 52 weeks of maximum/minimum price (million yuan): Utong Group
We're giving the company a target of 29 yuan, source: phillipseturities (hk)research for the first half of a year of policy interference and a 30% drop in the company's profits.
In the first half of the year, China’s new energy bus industry was in a state of rapid freeze, and the volume of new energy bus sales was largely suspended, causing Utun’s main engine growth in recent years, which was 28 to 21,800 fewer than the equivalent.
Ministry of Information and Communications data show that in the first half of the year, the number of new energy buses produced by Uttar Pradesh was nearly 60% less than in the previous six months.
By car, the sales of Utsong buses in large, medium, light passenger vehicles fell by 7.5%, 40%, 15%, to 8751, 9947, and 3136 on a year-on-year basis. As a result of the higher share of large passenger vehicles, the company’s gross division performed better in its exports in the first half of the year, the number of such vehicles increased by 17% to 4356.
The adjustment of the National New Energy Bus Supplement policy has resulted in an increase in the number of jobs, an increase in the number of jobs, an increase in the number of jobs, an increase of 18.5 per cent, 40 per cent and 12 per cent in the number of rice cars, an increase of 1.7 per cent, 9.3 per cent and an increase of 2.1 per cent over the 16-year mark, mainly in the use of management fees and state subsidies to cover late-night accounts.
The company spent $505 million on research and development during the reporting period, an increase of 11 per cent over the same period, using high-end car excellence, development, new energy passenger vehicles, light-quantified techniques, and leading technology such as smart driving, fuel batteries, etc.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
♪ Mediumweightpasserengerhile heavyweightpasserberbus source: company, phillipsecuritysongkongresearch ♪
With the end of the policy vacuum, the new energy bus industry in China is warming up, and the new energy bus in June will be replaced by a new energy-specific vehicle. Public transport companies are doing a full-scale job of advertising new energy buses.
We expect a new energy bus order to explode in the fourth quarter.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I mean, I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do, and I've got a lot of work to do.
I don't know what you're talking about, this publicisationist byphilipsecurities ltd ("philipsecurities") by readingorthispublication, youagreetobeundby the termsandmitationssetoutbelow. This publication nodeproducedinwholeorinpart, distributedorpublied byyouforanypurpose.philipsecurityhallobleforabilityforanydirect
I don't know what you're talking about, or second-guessing fromanyofrealrealcontainingthispublication.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, anyone else. I don't know what you're talking about, anyone.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know if you're the only one who's ever been there, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Involvesuchproducts shouldnotbemadeunlesallsuchrisesareunderstoodandanindidendendendendendenmedethatsuchtransactions wouldbeappropriate.anydiscussionscontainedhereinwithpttoanyproducesouldnotbelosconsidetowardtodiscreaullrisora completediscussionofsofsuchrisks.
I don't think it's true that you're the only one in the world who doesn't know how to do that.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
"pshk" believedtobeaccurate.pshkdoesnotbet responsibilityforanylossocacionedbyrelicabilityplacesuponthecontensionshereof.pshk (oritsaffiliatesorempleyees)mayhavepositionsinrelevant 2017philipsecurities (hongkong)
This post is part of our special coverage Africa.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
phillipsecuritiesjapan, ltd phillipsecuritiespted 250northbridgeroad, #06-00rrafflescitytower,
b-3-6blockblevel3, meganavenueii, 4-2 nihonbashikabutocho, chuo-ku no.12, jalanyapkwanseng, 50450 kualumpur
Indonesia china india
philipsecuritiesindonesia phillipfinncialdvisory (shanghai)co.ltd. philipcapital (india) privatized
Anztowerlevel23b, jljendsudirmankav33a, no.1, 18thloor, urmiestate, 95ganpatraokadammarg, jakarta 10220, indonesia
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
Phillipsecurities (thailand) publicco.ltd. kking and shaxsoncapitalld. kking and shaxsonltd.
15thbroor, vorawatbuilding, 849 silomroad, 3rdbroor, 35ruedelabienfaisance 6thfloor, candlewickhouse, 120cannonstreet
If you're going to do it, you're going to have to do it.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
philipcapitalaustralia ashaphillipsecuritieslimitted
Quevel12, 15williamstreet, level4, milleniumhouse, 46/58 navamwatha, the chicagoboardoftradebuilding
Melbourne, Victoria 3000, australia colombo2, Srilanka chicago, l606004usa
Longkong phillipsecurities(hk)ltd 11/fedcentre95queenswayhongkong