In November, the volume of passenger vehicles and the volume of new energy vehicles continued to pick up, in line with the expected November sales of 7686 buses, yoy+6,34 per cent, Mom+40 per cent, and sales are continuing at an increasing rate.
The volume of sales by industry and companies continued to be reduced by two percentage points each month. From the second quarter, industry and companies began to move out of the downside, the third quarter moved on to a positive growth trend, and sales will continue to grow in December. As new energy passenger vehicle subsidies continue to fall, the technical standards of subsidies will be raised across the board and industry thresholds will be high.
We're looking forward to the company's future development and maintaining the buy-in offer. We expect the company to make a net profit of $3.9 billion in 2017 and $4.6 billion in 18 years, yoy, respectively.
In November, the company's traditional and new energy vehicle sales rose steadily: a passenger bus sold in November.
A total of 54,000 buses were sold in January-November, or 9.5 per cent, a decline of 2 percentage points from 1-October. In November, sales in medium- and light passenger vehicles remained relatively good, with institutional investors selling 4473 shares.
And -0.7 per cent, the decline continues to be narrow; there has been a decline in sales of 2,611, yoy-20 per cent per month, and a cumulative sale of 21,000 vehicles in January-October, yoy-2 per cent. The company sold new energy buses in November, 15819 vehicles, yoy-16 per cent, and the drop of the ring continued to narrow by 10 hundred in January-October.
By December, based on company orders, sales of traditional and new energy buses will continue to rise by the same standard of subsidized technology, and the company’s market share is expected to increase by one step: the new energy vehicle subsidy in 2017 will probably continue to fall, but the policy direction will be to fight back, strengthen back, and subsidize technology.
The standards will be raised across the board, the threshold for the new energy bus industry will be significantly increased, and the process of de-licensing the entire industry will accelerate. Companies, as domestic manufacturers of buses and new energy buses, will have multiple advantages in terms of capital, technology, size, and control of upstream and downstream costs.
The rate is expected to rise further, while profitability will remain ahead of the industry and remain at a high level. Profit forecasting: we continue to look at the long-term growth of the company, with net profits projected for the company for 2017 and 18 years.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.