The three-quarter performance continues to improve, waiting for the fourth quarter.
The drop in the slope did not lead to a downward trend in Utun Maori, owing to two points: first, a change in the structure of bus products, a 10-metre new-energy passenger vehicle, and a 50-per-cent increase in the sales of passenger-type vehicles from 35 per cent in 2016 to the third quarter of 17 years, while traditional passenger vehicles increased as a result of t7 and rental vehicle sales.
Plus, the unit price of the lift passenger vehicle has increased the Māori rate; second, the cost of raw materials end-ends has gradually declined, the cost of the battery power plant power control has fallen significantly this year as a result of technological upgrading, and the subsidy has been transferred to power three, which has kept the Māori rate of the company stable from last year. The Māori ratio of the company is expected to continue to rise in the fourth quarter as a result of the seizure of new energy buses.
Financing costs are higher than they are, and three quarters of financial costs are of concern. Total operating costs for the first three quarters of Wootong have remained largely stable, but financial costs have risen by 160 per cent to 200 million dollars, mainly due to the increase in new energy bus orders, the formation of state subsidies to collect payments, and the slow return of payments has increased the financial financing costs of companies.
The East’s financial and intellectual boom has gradually improved its performance over the past three quarters, with a positive increase over the same period. As a result of the adjustment of the new energy subsidy policy and the restatement of the vehicle model, the entire new energy bus market in the first half of the year was sold well below the same period last year, with a 29% drop in revenues from the first half of the year, and a net return to the mother.
The profit fell by 34% over the same period. But, benefiting from the steady sale of new energy passenger vehicles in the third quarter, Yutun’s three-quarter returns and a positive recovery in net profit, resulting in only a 12% drop in revenue and a 16% drop in net profit in the previous three quarters.
\triangleright Figure 1: Distribution of bus traffic (unit: car) from 2016 to the present
He's a leader of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, and he's good at keeping track of the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context.
In 2016, the Chinese People's University joined the East Hing Bond.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.