The three-quarterly report on the continued warmth of the new energy bus is welcome.
>The steady increase in the volume of sales in September has continued to shrink. Companies have steadily increased their sales in September on a year-on-year basis, with a slight decline compared to the impact of the base period, which began in August, with better customer and ring ratios; the cumulative increase in sales in January-September has continued to shrink.
The sale of 7.060 buses in September, an increase of 10.0 per cent over the same period, and 3.3 per cent over the same period; cumulative sales of 41,234 new energy buses at the end of the year, when the company continued to warm; the sale of some 2,500 new energy buses in September, an increase of about 26 per cent over the same period, an increase of about 7 per cent over the same period; and the sale of some 41,234 new energy buses at the end of the year.
Due to factors such as vehicle catalogues and subsidy drops, corporate trends in new energy passenger vehicles and industry declined considerably in the first half of the year; sales were gradually warming in the second half of the year and sales in the third quarter were positive at the same time; as local subsidies were introduced and public transport purchases were launched, new energy buses were launched in the fourth quarter.
>q3 sales are expected to increase at a positive rate in three quarters: a positive growth in corporate q3-quarter performance is expected.
Under the policy of falsifying reality, promoting excellence, and as the penetration rate of new energy buses continues to rise and the penetration rate of new energy seats by passenger cars gradually rises, the competitiveness and long-term development of the company’s products are expected to be improved.
Figure 1: Monthly sales of Woo-tung passenger vehicles (in units of vehicles) Figure 2: Monthly sales of Woo-tun passenger vehicles at the same speed (in units of %) Figure 3: Monthly sales of Woo-tung passenger vehicles (in units of vehicles)
Figure 4: Year-on-year increase in monthly sales by Hutong (in units of vehicles) Figure 5: Monthly sales by Wootong (in units of vehicles) Figure 6: Monthly sales by Wootong (in units of vehicles)
Figure 7: Woo-tung light passenger monthly sales (in vehicles) Figure 8: Woo-tung light passenger monthly sales increase by the same speed (in vehicles)
In 2016, it joined the private sector. Zhang Dongdong, Master of Business Management, Xi'an University of Transport, accumulated nine years of research experience in the automobile industry. Three years of consultancy experience in the management of a consulting firm, focusing on user orientation, products, etc.
In 2016, the author was included in civil securities. He had a qualification or considerable professional competence in securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensured that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,