Buv buys Chon Eining and sales are improving markedly, leading to a recovery in performance, as expected.
The Division achieved operating revenues of $9.7 billion, yoy+15%, net profits of $1.1 billion, yoy+5.4%, and the q3 performance ring fell back and forth from h1. From the second quarter, industry and companies began to step out of the downside, and the third quarter turned to positive growth, and we expect to see a positive growth in the fourth quarter.
We expect a firm’s net profits of $4.2 billion in 2017 and $4.7 billion in 18 years, a small recovery in yoy’s performance of 03 and an increase in expenditure on financial costs: the fall in the company’s performance in the first three quarters is due mainly to a decline in the company’s performance.
(1) due to the sharp drop in subsidies for new energy buses and the partial overdrafting of demand at the end of last year, the company ' s sales of new energy buses have declined significantly the same year, resulting in a decline in the overall sale of buses and a similar decline in revenue and net profits. (2) The company ' s three rates of cost have risen to varying degrees, driving the three rates to the same level.
The interest rate level for the product portfolio was the same, at 25.7 per cent for the single season, and the company ' s revenue and net profit were restored to positive growth, with the Māori rate down from 0.7 to 26.4 per cent for the same period, with financial constraints.
The impact of the increase in the cost of financing, which increased the financial cost by 1.1 percentage points to 1.5 per cent on the same year, was a drag on the ratio of institutional investors to the share in circulation a Steady warming of the sale of buses and new energy vehicles: the company sold 41,234 buses in January-September.
Yoy-13% (of which q3 single-season sales were yoy+10%). According to the driver, large-scale sales performed well, with cumulative sales of 16,000 vehicles, yoy+2% (of which q3 single-season sales were yoy+10%), mainly as a result of the central release of bus and school bus orders accumulated in the first half of the year; the sales of medium- and light-sized passengers also recovered steadily.
Single-quarter sales of yoy and +10 per cent, respectively, were 12 per cent in the previous three quarters of the company ' s bus sales. 8815 new energy buses were sold in January-September, while yoy-33 per cent (of which q3 single-season yoy+2 per cent) and sales of large new energy buses over 10 metres increased from 35 per cent last year to 50 per cent, with upstream batteries.
The fall in prices and the increase in battery capacity have led to a reduction in overall costs, compensating for the impact of the retrenchment of the slopes, with a similar level of Māori for new energy buses. The company’s January-September new energy market is 19 per cent (24 per cent in single month in September), and it is expected that there will be room for further improvement in the future.
Profit forecast: Future new energy bus subsidies will continue to fall back, while subsidized technical standards will be raised across the board, and the industry shuffling process will accelerate. Companies, as industry leaders, have multiple advantages, such as finance, cost control, and technological leadership, will continue to increase in the future in the new energy bus market, and I will continue to do so.
We look forward to the company’s long-term development. At the same time, affected by 18 years of expected decline in bus subsidies, q4 is about to be reloaded, the company’s new energy bus sales are expected to be released in a concentrated manner, with improved performance beyond market expectations, and we expect the company to make $4,243 million net profits in 2017 and 18 years, respectively.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.