Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry averages. Company published production and sales data for October. 558, an increase of 1.66 per cent, was achieved in October.
Of this total, 2,369 (-3.78 per cent) were sold by large buses, 2715 (+6.01 per cent) by medium buses and 424 (+7.34 per cent) by light buses. The cumulative volume of 46,742 was sold in the month of 1 - October, a slight increase compared to the same period in October, when the volume of new energy was expected to be excellent.
In the case of new energy buses, in the first half of the year, owing to a sharp fall in subsidies, downstream demand was curtailed, new energy source buses generally performed poorly, industrial disadvantages were eased in the second half of the year, and new energy buses were sold 1.
We believe that the new energy bus landscape continues to pick up, and that the expected performance of the new energy bus in October is based on in-depth study by the bus company, 2017.10.25. In terms of the structure of sales, the cumulative share of large buses in January-October was about 40% higher.
During the same period last year, about 5 percentage points, we believe that an increase in the volume of bus sales, which are highly profitable, will help to improve the profitability of companies. The return of sales is expected to continue, and the new energy bus is expected to be strong.
The government adjusts its subsidy policy and raises the subsidy technology threshold to provide sufficient incentives to the industry that is leading the technology target. It is more likely that the Woo-tung passenger vehicle will become the leader of the technologically advanced new energy bus, with the city holding rate expected to rise and stronger, and production and sales will continue to warm. In the medium and long term, the development of the new energy bus will continue.
In the meantime, with the phasing out of subsidies, the new energy bus industry will accelerate the shuffling process, with companies taking the lead in the new energy bus sector, with new energy buses more than 7 metres of 20% in 2015 and 20% in 2016.
15.6 times the year. Analysis of the rating ratios of the relevant reports in the market, then averaged the final rating as average market investment
Long-term competitiveness ratings focus on the enterprise’s fundamentals, judging the overall competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
The total net profit of the ticket is divided between the total market value of the rounded up on the day the transaction is reported and the net profit of the prior year.