Three-quarterly review of 2025: short-term performance pressure, good thinking, driving out of the sea and out of industry, announcement points: companies publish three-quarterly reports in 2025, 25q3 achieves operating income of $7.69 billion.
The cumulative growth is still strong, with the same ratio as +27.08%. Big client sales impact and income loop pressure. 25q3 major customers are expected to produce 40%/-16% of the same car output, suppress corporate performance and benefit from new customers like Mi, Wall, etc.
The expansion and intelligent driving penetration rate has increased, the corporate income has remained generally robust, and the core incremental number of households with small rice cars has increased the company’s performance as a result of yu7 sales. 3 Māori is under pressure to go out to sea or become a key support for Māori.
This is mainly due to increased research and development inputs from companies. Sales costs accumulated at $254 million in January-September, or 75.89 per cent of the year, mainly due to the expansion of the company’s operations, increased expenditure on obtaining customer orders, and short-term costs, which have delayed profits, but which in the long run have been beneficial to the stock of orders.
820 million yuan at the end of the month, i.e. +84.08 per cent, mainly due to increased inputs into factories, production lines, combined with trends in the automotive electronics industry, the expansion of products that are supposed to produce or be used for intelligent domain controllers, cabins, Dessehway (002920); mid-2025.
Assessment: Smart business is growing rapidly, overseas contributions – globalization strategy is advancing steadily, consolidating the global electronic core of automobiles. Globalization strategy continues to fall.
“The first production project at the plant in Monterrey, Mexico, to provide local chemical energy protection for the American market; the Spanish smart plant is expected to be completed by the end of 2025 and produced in 2026 for Europe.
Dessehway (002920). Outward in-house and drive, the region supplies smart cabins and smart driving products. With the continued upgrading of corporate technological capabilities and the deepening of global configurations, offshore operations are expected to become an important pillar of corporate performance in the future.
▪ Profit Forecasting and Investment Rating: The company, as a champion of smart driving parts and components, looks at the three main financial forecasting tables in Desaiway, where Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.