Cash flow continues to increase, smart driving speeds up, three-quarters performance ratings in 2025.
Incident: q3 achieved operating income of $7,692 million by issuing its third quarter report in 2025, compared to the same amount of cash, weakening demand from downstream customers and changing product structure, short-term corporate pressure on q3 profits, operating liquidity
Gold currents continue to grow and operate robustly: in 2025 q3 was driven by the ideal sales of downstream core clients, weak influence, lower corporate harvests, and continued sales of core customers such as Mi, Gilly and Chirre.
In terms of profitability, the q3 quarter echoes, on the one hand, and the restructuring of smart business products, on the other, some of the client domain-controlled product chip schemes are being switched from orin-x to thor, and the company-controlled product Māori rate has declined.q3 seasons of company R&D/distribution
The sales/management/financial cost rate is 8.79 per 1.11 per 2.04 per 0.11 per cent, respectively, and the ring ratio is +0.24 pct/- and the increase in the cost rate results in short-term corporate profitability.
Refunds from downstream clients have increased significantly, thanks to a shrinking of accounts due to industry’s counter-brief regulation and improved client structure, and the firm’s operations have been robust. A fixed increase of $4,393 million has focused on smart driving R&D and expansion of capacity (e.g., Chengdu’s smart calculations).
Enterprise competitiveness enhancement: in October, the company completed an increase in shares to a specific target, raising $4,393 million in net funds to be invested in a project to build a central-west base for a motor vehicle in Desai Weiwei (phase I) ($1,699 million), a project to produce smart motor electronic systems-grade components ($1,974 million),
Research and development projects for the Centre for Ideas and the Pilot Integration Platform ($720 million), of which a project to build a base in the central and western parts of the Tessavi automobile (phase I) will enhance the company's supply capacity for smart cabin products in the Sengong area.
The project for the production of electronic system-grade components will continue to upgrade the company's smart driving, smart cabin production at Huezhou headquarters.
Technology research and development and numeracy infrastructure capabilities, enhancing the technological excellence of companies in the field of smart driving and smart cabins, and fund-raising projects are expected to generate a total of $23,049 million in operating income and $1,187 million in net profits for the company, are expected to boost the company ' s long-term growth potential and strengthen the company ' s e-capitulation of automobiles.
In the short term, the company benefited from an increase in its intelligent driving penetration, which led to an increase in performance, the company took over the Indonesian factory in the city of the domain controller, and the new customers of Mexico, Spain, Renault, Honda, and so on. Globalized order conversion, and the spillover of ai technology into robotics, provide long-term growth space for the company.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy Securities). Galaxy securities are not considered a customer by recipients as a result of receiving the report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact with the sales department or customer manager of the Galaxy securities agency, complete the appropriate matching of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics of the service, the concerns about its use and the risks or losses that may result if it is improperly used.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.