\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
In September 2025, the company published a low-speed car code.
The human vehicle brand, “Riving from Kawakawa”, focuses on efficiency gains, business model innovations, and future urban experiences, while gaining access to unmanned vehicle scene data to counterfeed autopilot algorithms, build mobile service ecology, and create a second-growth curve. First product s6 achieved the start-up of six innovative technologies: full-scale vehicle development from full vehicle to spare parts,
Intelligent axle control systems, unmanned climb to 25%, 300 000 km in six years in the unmanned vehicle industry.
The high-profit and internationalization strategy continues to deepen 2025/08/Technology leadership and product innovation in the unmanned area.
The offshore layout is constantly improving enabling core partners to join forces. The company is committed to becoming an indispensable partner in the process of globalization of the Chinese brand hosting \triangleright plant and an internationalized supply chain capable of in-depth localization services.
In conjunction with the completion of the strategic layout of the Global Eco-Cyclops-Acceleration 2025/03/ Branches in major countries and regions, such as Germany, France, Spain, Japan and Singapore, the Spanish smart plant is expected to start production in 2026 and supply to the European region.
The company will continue to work with the global core chip, 4. Desersiwe (002920.sz) series II: 24q plant, mainframe plant strategic collaboration to foster a global and locally integrated supply chain network through the creation of "strength"
5. Desessive (002920.sz) Series I: Profiting Investment Recommendations: Trends in smart cabin products and new customer outreach, Smart Driving Products Override
\triangleright \triangleright Research conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.