On the evening of April 26th, 2019, Taibo, China, issued a quarterly performance report, and the company achieved a total of business during the quarter.
Industry income increased by 7 per cent over the same period by $133,153 million; the net return on maternity by $5,479 million, an increase of 46.1 per cent over the same period; and an improvement at the investment end. The main factor contributing to a slightly higher than anticipated net profit performance was the improvement in the return on investment.
In contrast to other listed risk companies, the company's relative dilution of the location of the open red product, the average annual premium rate.
Imbalance sales. Companies earn $92,852 million in premiums in a quarter, an increase of 3 per cent over the same period.
In China, insurance premiums for production insurance were increased by 13 per cent in the first quarter by $35,366 million, compared to $23,652 million, or 6.3 per cent, compared to $11,714 million in non-car insurance, compared with 28 per cent.
Companies actively take advantage of the market situation and increase their share equity fund products. Stock and equity bases in investment assets adopt a sales strategy of relative dilution of the premium on open-door red products, and the rate of increase in life insurance during the quarter slides down, suggesting that attention be paid to the sale of post-company guaranteed products.
1. Taibo, China (601601), optimized business structure, new industry 2. Taibo, China (601601), a new list of insurance policies continued to be repaired and non-car operations maintained a high level of growth
The company's financial statement projections are summarized in Chen Xiang, a post-Doctor of Business Law from the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and a post-doctor of Financial Sciences. Two years of experience in securities industry policy studies. Joined in 2017, with Sichuan University, B.A. Finance, Arizona State University, United States.
In this regard, the author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels, that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and that, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence.