April 29, 2019 (601601.sh/2601.hk)
Leung-kyu reported a quarterly review of the rapid increase in production insurance, with investment to the good end of China's 2019 in revenue of $133.2 billion, a 7.0 per cent increase in yoy, a net gain of $5.5 billion and an increase in yoy.
46.1% of the premium data show that life insurance has grown positively with a renewed period, that it has now faded, and that the new EPS policy is expected to improve gradually. Insurance is driven mainly by faster non-car insurance growth, which is expected to continue to be the major contributor to this year’s growth.
In terms of investment performance, the firm’s investment end is flexible in the context of a better equity market, and the total return on investment is higher than in the same period last year. Overall, the company’s performance is in line with the rules, its focus is on insurance owners and structural optimization through transformation. The current valuation is low, and the “buy-in” is maintained.
In the context of the large insurance scenario, there has been an increase of 5.1 to 86.1 billion, mainly for renewals.
As far as 17.4 billion is concerned, the reason may be that the Gestapo has chosen to dilute the door’s door lock, which we think will be followed by a billion. In terms of car insurance, you’re constrained by the domestic market for new cars, with a 6.3% increase in yoy’s record of $35.4 billion, and we expect that non-car insurance will continue to be the main contribution to the growth of the industry’s companies this year.
There is some flexibility at the investment end: on the investment end, the EPS assets are 6.0 to 1.3 trillion more than at the end of the previous year. In terms of return on investment, the total annualized investment returns of companies are 4.6 per cent.
In terms of insurance products, the overall performance will be more robust. In terms of insurance coverage, it is expected that, with non-car insurance, faster growth will be achieved and lower cost rates are expected in the context of a merger. Companies focus on the insurance industry and contribute to faster value growth through structural optimization.
The expected remuneration (expected return; er) is as follows: