The pace of scale expansion, good wealth management, the semi-annual performance review of the Bank of Nanjing in 2025, August 30th, 2025.
The performance improvement of the Nanjing Bank (stock code: 601009), continued: 2025h1, corporate income per annum + 8.64 per cent; and net profit return per annum, while lower efficiency gains were significant, with cost revenues ranging from 3 pct to 25.07 per cent at the beginning of the year.
Zhang 1st q2st quarter up by 26.72%, volume by double, and q2th quarter interest expenditure first reversed. The net difference was 1.86%, compared to the early part of the year - 10bp, a decrease equal to the same period last year, and the cost of the liability was optimized to support payment.
Research assistant Yuan Shijun, retail loans increased at a faster rate than at the beginning of the year + 3.67 per cent, mainly benefiting from an optimal business strategy, mortgage lending + 8.64 per cent at the beginning of the year; and, at the same time, seizing the opportunity to boost consumer policy, credit cards and consumer loans were at the beginning of the year.
There has been a steady growth in wealth and financial management, and investment returns have remained high: 2025h1, the company ' s non-interest income is the same as -4.26 per cent, with a slight narrow decline, mainly due to other non-interest income margins. The ratio has advanced further in the company, with retail sales aum +14.25 per cent at the beginning of the year, of which the private sector aum +17.05 per cent.
In retail, the negative rate was 1.43% in the first half of the year, compared to +14bp at the beginning of the year, but the ring ratio declined further.
-3bp; of which, the poor scale of operating loans is down and the credit card rate is at the same level as at the beginning of the year. Corporations provide coverage. Investment advice: companies are based on long triangles, with significant regional advantages.
Together with corporate fundamentals and stock elasticity, we maintain a “recommended” rating, with bvps from 2025-2027, figure 1: Nanjing Bank revenues, net gains and speed increases, figure 2: Nanjing Bank Roe
Figure 3: Net revenue from Nanking Bank interest and rate of increase, Figure 4: Nanking Bank net interest spread and negative return/cost rate, Figure 5: Size and rate of increase in Nanking Bank loans
Figure 6: The Bank of Nanjing is committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent manner and in a manner that clearly and accurately reflects its research views. Any portion of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness.