Long-term electronics, full-scale embrace of the ai brings with it a new volume, performance pressure, but the ability of the ai technology to hold on to the competitiveness of the company's products is expected to benefit from increased financial digitalization and credit creation, among other things.
Performance does not change long-term growth trends, and companies, as domestic leading providers of financial technology and technology, are becoming more competitive and are expected to benefit from financial digitization.
The impact of market volatility, business transformation and other factors, negative growth in science and technology inputs, as well as a general decline in the budget implementation rate and a slowdown in implementation: financial institutions ' procurement establishment, procurement decision-making processes and acceptance processes are significantly prolonged, leading to increasing pressure on companies to operate. Declines in corporate revenue collection, and continued strengthening of core product R & D inputs lead to pressure on performance.
Focus on core products and deepen business cooperation. In 2024, the company continued to deepen business cooperation, establish strategic partnerships with clients, build communication platforms for clients through industry summits, forums, etc., and apply large models of professional competence to comprehensively upgrade smart client systems to provide clients with more intelligent service experiences. In addition, the company further focused its resources at the core.
Product lines, management initiatives such as “closing and turning” off non-strategic and lost product lines, establishing subsidiaries of the larger portfolio, transferring equity to external subsidiaries of customized services, focusing resources on product-based operations, and actively laying out the future while the core product is competitive.
Companies maintain high-intensity R & D inputs, offering full hugs. In 2024, companies were in the lead in terms of the number of technical and research and development staff totalled 2,458 million yuan.
So far, months and months ago, a fully entangled, autonomous, photonai intermediate platform has been completed in a number of clients, covering the core business scenes of financial investment, investment, compliance, operation and investment, and constantly promoting optimization and integration with national productivity.
In 2024, the company’s performance fell, and given the uncertainty surrounding the recovery of financial institutions’ scientific and technological inputs, we pushed down against the public.
As the country's leading provider of financial technology and technology products and services, with full embraces, products are becoming more competitive, and it is hoped that the client will not expand as expected, that the innovation policy will fall short of expectations, and that downstream customers will spend less than expected.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business Computer: software development