Performance is influenced by downstream control fees and core products continue to overlap with the 2024 annual report performance rating Permanent electronics (60570.sh)
Performance is influenced by downstream control fees, and R & D costs are still at industry leadership levels: corporate performance fell in 2024, Wu Xian Jian was affected by the slow pace of scientific and technological inputs from financial institutions, the length of the procurement cycle, and the new generation of products.
During the upgrade replacement period, no scalable income was generated. Net profits fell significantly during the reporting period, down from 26.75%, and companies continued to experience endogenous structural pains during the transition period. Of this, non-recurring gains and losses contributed more than $200 million, mainly to the return on fair value of financial assets and return on investment, to a certain extent, to a lesser extent.
At the same time, the company proposes to send $1 per 10 shares to all shareholders, with a total of $189 million. In addition, the company faces a weak downstream demand, flexible adjustment of its cost inputs, a robust operating pace of its current subsidiary, and poor performance of its cash flow: the company’s main business is broken down into:
Eight large panels, with a breakdown of the total decline during the reporting period: a 17.50 per cent decline in the same year in the wealth science and technology service portfolio, mainly due to weak demand for bank and voucher funds; a decline in the management and technology services portfolio; a reduction in non-core system investments by small and medium-sized clients; a 2.34 per cent decline in the risk and platform science and technology service portfolio, wind control, management control, etc.
Systems such as compliance are “required non-incremental”; data service portfolio revenue drops by 8.13 per cent, linked to changes in the pace of client investment; innovation portfolio declines by 7.34 per cent, subsidiary companies are operating at a robust pace and income continues to grow; and corporate and insurance core and financial infrastructure science and technology services have decreased slightly by 1.45 per cent, but not by a son-in-law.
In terms of cash flow, the net cash flow generated by the operations fell by 31.19 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the slow pace of repayments, mainly for clients, led to the establishment of financial cloud production bases, science and technology parks and other infrastructure to provide services for the sale of goods during the current period.
Aaigent is deeply embedded in the R&D process to accelerate innovation and intelligence: the company is focusing on i-technology, accelerating the transition from a traditional it service provider to an intelligent platform. The autonomous photonai intermediate platform, with multiple clients, covers core business scenes such as research and compliance, and integrates multiple industry leaders.
At the same time, aaiagent is deeply embedded in internal R & D, testing, etc. to significantly upgrade the product.
Technology and technology performance were strong, and equity incentives highlighted long-term confidence.
The upgrading of core products, the growth of the o45 capital management platform and the uf3.0 core system for brokering, and the development of large language model enabling products end-products suggest that companies further improve the competitiveness of core products, optimize resource allocation, and actively configure the platform architecture.
In the area of financial management, companies continued to optimize the Fusionchina investment management platform and launched the ibor-based o45 asset management platform, winning multiple clients in the banking and trust industries, completing industry-wide online case coverage; and in the area of brokering, the introduction of a sensitive and stable uf3.0 core system of brokering, which was successfully implemented in the East
Portfolios, offerrs of securities are well settled, showing good performance and scalability; wealth areas, launching wealth management platforms driven by wealth accounts and asset allocation, and high-performance, component-based integrated institutional services Integrated platforms, providing one-stop institutional services to clients; and business areas, launching a one-stop shop based on abor
Integrated operational platform, enabling sector-to-end automation, has been introduced into a new generation of systems in a number of funds and funding institutions; in the area of risk, a wind management platform based on real-time risk decision-making plus the empowerment of the one at its core has been launched to enhance wind control effectiveness; and in the area of data development, a "specialized real-time data+ai model" has been introduced
I am committed to producing this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
This report is provided to its clients by the China Galaxy Securities Corporation (hereinafter referred to as Galaxy securities). Galaxy securities do not need to be considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving the report. If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should complete the investment to ensure quality of service, control investment risks, and first contact the sales department of the Galaxy Securities Agency or the customer manager.
Affordability matches and is fully aware of the nature, characteristics, care of the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to clients for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, but do not represent a sale, subscription or other financial instrument, but do not guarantee its accuracy or integrity.