Market fluctuations affected a small drop in revenue and investment gains increased profits.
The decline in operating income was mainly due to the decline in revenues from the management of S & T services, risk and platform S & T services, operation and engineering services compared to the same period in the previous year; the higher increase in the net return of mothers was mainly due to investment in S & T services of $ 66.95 million.
Income from S & T services ranged from -9 per cent to -212 million; risk and the Platform ' s S & T services/data services/innovation/enterprises, insurance core and financial infrastructure S & T services/other operations, respectively.
"Hongsin Electronics" (600570): 2024 Annual Report site "The Great Hemonic Model" is online on the same page as DeepSeek, driving the intellectual transformation of financial numbers, modeling: market volatility affects the scientific and technological input of financial institutions.
The efficiency of reasoning was increased by 40%, the ptrade integrated Deepseek, which quantified the end-of-transaction performance. In March 325, the company and Red Tower securities jointly built an intelligent operating system to re-engineer business processes. 4 As a result, corporate performance as a whole fell.
In March 2025, the company helped upgrade the ldp wind control system and build a new wind control pole for the treasury securities. In April 2025, the company assisted the south-west securities to successfully complete the financial marketing system, the ta system, the Hensen Electronics (600570); and the tri-quarters 2024.
A successful start-up to the business is the first o45 in the insurance management industry and the whole industry.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: Capital markets as a whole are warming, but the scientific and technological inputs of financial institutions have not yet turned out to be significantly positive, and we maintain our previous performance projections, which are expected to continue in 2025-2027, and financial institutions have a solid foundation, and we still look at the business model of corporate finance.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Oo Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.