Lithium Battery Industry pioneers, working with the Popular Rejuvenation Machine (002074.sz)
The company was one of the first companies to start researching power batteries, and the company’s phosphate lithium product was in the bottom wind from 2017 to 2020 because of the subsidy policy’s preference for stimulating the energy intensity of the product.
The product control team is in place, the brand endorsement company expands its large offshore customers, and the future company is expected to enter into a virtuous cycle of cost-a customer-products, with a better route for the products of "finishing lithium and making three dollars." We anticipate that pss are 0.05, 1.32, which is significantly lower than comparable companies, taking into account the company's customers, products, etc.
• Lithium is used as a powerful trinity to expand production capacity, the industrial chain is integrated into a cost-leading strategy, and the company has created compost in the country (Eijiang, Jingjiang, Xinjiang), Nanjing, Qingshima, Tangshan, Lew County, Nanton, Yong City, Yichun base 10 bases, in addition to planning production in Germany to speed up the flow of European customers to the sea.
At the same time, the company's industrial chain is well-structured, with strategic layouts of battery materials such as lithium mines, nodes, pre-drives, negative poles, diaphragms, bronze, etc.
More than 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate output, corresponding to a self-supply rate of lithium carbonate of more than 50%.
Mid- and high-end client penetration. In 2023, in the context of the decline in domestic end demand, in addition to the certainty increase in the public standard power core platform, the company also tied its clients overseas to major United States clients, Indian towers, and so on.
In the field of storage, companies are well placed, working closely with customers such as the national power grid, the Chinese rate of continuous upswing - corporate information update report, and are also actively developing overseas storage and energy customers such as Freyr, nettra, moxion, etc.
The company’s storage capacity is not expanding as much as the expected risks. National high-rises: pioneers in the lithium battery industry, working with the public to regenerate.
1.1. Development journey: Deep plowing of lithium phosphate batteries, which is being continuously refined in business layout, 2006-2016. The company started in 2006 with lithium phosphate materials, and started in 2009 with the first phosphate lithium batteries to be used in the country.
Lithium phosphate material was also one of the first companies to start power cell development. In 2013, it entered the customer supply system of upper gas, North gas, etc., and was a pioneer in the industry.
Against the backdrop of continuing density stimuli, and the continued contraction of the share of the lithium phosphate battery, the company began to deploy three-dollar batteries, expanding its customers horizontally, moving into the Bosch, Tata, Huaieng, drop-drop supply system, into storage energy, overseas power, electric double-wheel vehicles, and the positive growth of the market for electric ships.
In May 2020, the public China signed into a major shareholder of the company, and it was agreed that the U.S. High School would become a supplier of public certification. Then, on the one hand, the mass technology group would take the product details off the company’s premises and make up for the company’s relative weaknesses in product control; and on the other hand, it would endorse the popular endorsement.
The company's customer structure has improved significantly, entering the Mitsubishi Macromini supply system in 2020, and signing a long list of more than 200gwhh in the United States of America and the Wall in 2021 to take up the high-end car market. In 2022, the company officially obtained a public stock of $3 and lithium batteries, which are expected to be supplied in bulk in the next 24 years.
Gradual improvements in the commodity structure are expected to drive a significant increase in corporate profitability. 1.2. Equity structure: Mass-in-equity-driven corporate development into a virtuous circle, introducing the public as a strategic investor.
Shareholders, four persons recommended by the People’s Republic of China are nominated and elected as directors of the company, including two non-independent directors and two independent directors. Under the terms of the Shareholder Agreement, the People’s Republic of China undertook to renounce irrevocably its voting rights in part of the company’s shares until the end of 2024.
Figure 2: Pre-inclusion shareholders of the public are the Chairman of the Board, Figure 3: Current shareholders in the holding are the popular Chinese (up to the third quarterly report of 2022). The company ' s management of the automobile and battery industry is experienced and the public is present to further upgrade its management.
Manager Li Jin, who started the deep-farming power cell industry in 2006, has many executives with a history history of automobiles, batteries, and a team of experts in materials, machinery, management, etc., with a strong team force. After the completion of the addition at the end of 2021, the general public was placed in two non-independent directors responsible for product research and development and product control, respectively, to help the country.
In terms of the size of orders, product development, branding, etc., companies have signed agreements with the general public to develop their first generation of standard cores and expand production in new and new sites.
20gwh power cells are available to the general public to rapidly scale up the impact; in product development, the mass technology team is in the company to withhold details of the product and improve the safety of the company ' s products and the stability of its output; in branding, the end-brand effect of the battery manufacturerb is reflected first and foremost in the supply system of which the company has entered, and the mass group is the global head car.
Mass-in-equity empowerment can drive companies into a virtuous circle of development. Enabling on scale can reduce the average cost of a company’s products by example, and enabling on R & D and product control can help companies to sharpen safety and availability.
More competitive products, higher value for product and popular branding can help companies import more high-quality cores, and high-quality customer imports further increase the value for money of their products through scale effects and joint research and development, creating a virtuous cycle of cost-client-performance feedback.
1.3. Financial analysis: The reversal of the dilemma and the expectation of continued upward earnings from 2022. The company ' s poor profit performance until 2020 was influenced by a decline in the share of lithium phosphate and the confluence of the company ' s client structure. In the context of the decline in the share of lithium phosphate, the company adopted a comprehensive approach to maintaining positive growth at the end of the harvest
The client outreach strategy has created a client structure dominated by low-end passenger and commercial vehicles. The poor client structure has led, first of all, to cost-oriented downstream customers and low premiums on corporate products; the loss of corporate assets and credit impairments in 2019 totalled $543 million, or more than 10 per cent of revenue. Moreover, problems with customer structure have led to a lack of endorsement of corporate products.
Access to quality customer supply systems has become more difficult, creating a constraint on companies’ profitability, which has fallen in the face of a downward trend in policy subsidies. The impact of the sharp rise in raw material prices, corporate profits and equity incentive fees in the first half of 2022
The downside of subsidies has created a downward pressure on new energy vehicles, and lower prices for company batteries have led to a decline in net gross interest rates. The downside of subsidies has put downward pressure on new energy vehicles, which are power batteries as core parts of new energy vehicles.
At the heart of the price reduction, the sale price of the company ' s products fell from $1.69/wh in 2017 to $0.68/wh in 2021, and the cash flow has begun to warm. Another financial dilemma of the company before 2020 was its cash return capacity, which dropped to $4.4 billion, and its sales revenue ratio to 58%. In 2021, the company ' s product performance improved and its client structure changed.
Good, a net operating cash flow of $1,058 million, an increase of 54% over the same period, and cash flows have begun to warm up.
The lead strategy is 2.1, second-line battery manufacturers are still running out of windows, and the share of power cell loaders in domestic firms is rising.
The share of the global load is 2.7% in 2022, an increase of 0.4 pct, the eighth highest in the world. The development of second-line suppliers is the demand of downstream companies. On the one hand, the company needs to guarantee the stability of the core parts of the battery.
Supply and guaranteed bargaining power; on the other hand, due to the diversity of consumer demand at the end of the spectrum, downstream car companies will have a demand for different-positioned model products and batteries, increasing the share of other battery suppliers, and diversifying the supply system is a demand of downstream firms.
Batteries are procured from multiple suppliers, and the penetration rate of second-line battery manufacturers is expected to increase further in the future as cooperation with the second-line battery plant deepens and new vehicle platforms are launched. 2.2. Companies implement a three-dollar strategic layout of strong lithium.
The company has a smaller trio battery in its current product layout, with only 7% of the trio installed in 2021, mainly phosphate lithium batteries, of which cylindrical lithium is in vehicles such as Jianghua, Chirí, North, etc., and the company's main product is a square iron lithium battery, of which the square battery in 2021 is in total.
The advantages of lithium phosphate cost are highlighted, and it has been re-established as a mainstream technology route since 2021. With the increase in the energy density of the phosphate lithium tank and the retreat of the downstream electric vehicle subsidy, the three-dimensional system has produced marginal revenues of high energy density.
Less profit, more sensitive to the cost of the entire car factory, and a higher share of the low-cost advantage of the lithium system. By September 2022, the capacity of the phosphate lithium battery reached 116.3gwhh, a 60% ratio, and was re-established as a mainstream technology route.
In addition, in August 2021, the Ministry of Justice acquired Bo's factory in Gögentin, Germany, with a total of 18 gwh battery production capacity dedicated to Europe.
The company's capacity will be close to 100 gwh by the end of 2022. By the end of 2022, the company's capacity will reach 92 gwh by the end of 2022 in Nanjing, 5 gwh in Lew, 10 gwh in Kyong City and 10 gwh in IYU, and by the end of the year the company's capacity will be 92gwh.
It was identified as the production capacity of the lithium cell, 87gwh, and the triple battery, 5gwh, for the company ' s power and storage power of 2023, 2.3. The industrial chain integration layout helps the company to take the lead in the cost of the production of tons of lithium carbonate, which is expected to be fully operational by 2025, planning for 60,000 tons of lithium carbonate production in Argentina;
In the positive material chain, the company built its own 200,000 tons of phosphate lithium and 30,000 tons of high nickel trinity materials in the Zhejiang River, extending up to the forward drive; in the negative material chain, the company planned 400,000 tons of graphite with a negative output capacity in the U.S. Sea, all of which will be generated by solar power, with the first phase of 100,000 tons having started construction in March 2022; and the diaphragm chain was built.
The Division plans 500 million square metre wet diaphragms for a joint venture with a star material plant; the copper link is strategically incorporated into the copper crown. The upstream strategic layout helps the company achieve a cost lead.
Corporate cost leads the market, future scale effects increase, and integration projects become operational, and the cost advantage is expected to expand. Companies take full advantage of the low cost of lithium phosphate batteries, strategic layout extends upstream to $M/wh down to $MB 0.55/wh, and future cost advantages as scale increases and integration projects become operational.
Lithium resource layout industry leads, with a self-supply rate of lithium carbonate expected to reach 55% in 2023. At the end of the lithium resource, the company, in partnership with the lithium industry, set up a joint venture to plan 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate production capacity, with the company holding about 79% of the shares.
Tons; The company and IYC established a joint venture with IYC to plan 50,000 tons of lithium carbonate production capacity and 25,000 tons of lithium carbonate production per year for each of the IYC projects, respectively, with an expected production date of early 2023 and an expected delivery of 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate in 2023, corresponding to a self-supply rate of more than 50 per cent for lithium carbonate, with a potential profit of 2.48 billion yuan in neutral cases.
3. Technological breakthroughs drive improvements in customer structure, storage can bring about additional amounts of 3.1. Self-research jtm technologies. Mass technology can enhance mass control. Self-research jtm technologies break through the patent barriers for battery formation processes.
Important technical barriers, mature formation processes need to reduce the number of modules and pack-level connections, simplify internal structures and spare parts, increase space utilization, and achieve the dual goal of reducing costs and increasing energy density. In 2020, companies developed jtm technologies autonomously, achieving breakthroughs in technical barriers and applying for inventions.
Li, the first battery production line to carry jtm technology landed in the first half of 2022, the battery system energy density 160wh/kg, the application and modular composition of the jtm technology core were consistent with the company’s current cost-leading strategic positioning. In addition to increasing battery energy density and preventing heat loss, the jtm technology was rolled around on one side.
The approach is more flexible and can be adapted to 95% of the market ' s various models, while standardizing the modules to increase the energy density of the cells, with better adaptability to the differences in the demand of the plants; the process, on the other hand, is simpler, by connecting the core rolls with the conductive components, with lower cost of the module material, high group efficiency, and single-handedness.
The module efficiency exceeds 90% by reducing the overall production cost of the lithium battery module to lead-acid battery levels, consistent with the strategic positioning of the company ' s pre-existing low-cost development.
Research and development (R & D) in close collaboration with the general public, enabling companies in terms of R & D efficiency, synergy of technological resources. R & D efficiency: cost-effective product route guidance from the general public, as well as experts in procurement, products, quality control, etc., can save the company ' s R & D resources; output end through a dense stream of downstream use end of the industry chain
By providing feedback, companies can be helped to develop more targeted research and development on weak rings, and optimize product performance. Technological resources collaborate: the company’s laboratory sample research and development has been at a leading industry level, and in 2020 the Division developed a single-body lithium phosphate battery with a energy density of 210wh/kg, using techniques such as pre-lithicization, silicon-based negative poles, etc.
The public has extensive experience in battery reliability verification, testing cycles, testing methods, and the public's product control team has rapidly upgraded the company's ability to control. On February 21, 2023, the company was officially certified as a laboratory certification, symbolizing the company's official entry into the world's leading technology management system.
In May 2022, the company released semi-stabilized trio batteries with semi-stabilized batteries with a battery package of 160 kwh and 1,000 km continued, and is expected to deliver in bulk in the first half of 2023. This is a symbol of the company’s accelerated penetration of high-end vehicles in long-duration flights.
Turbo, which is also expected to help the company to stabilize its three-dollar battery station and achieve a turn-over. 3.2. Storage capacity: from the side of power generation to the side of the user, expansion of the company's storage capacity up the speed of the company's operations.
In terms of capacity, in 2018, the company and Shanghai Electric planned a 10gwh storage battery line in South China, with 43% of the company holding a 5gwh phase.
The strategic agreement with Sumaida opened a new chapter in September 2020. On October 12, 2022, the company signed a strategic framework agreement with Sumaida for the period 2023-2025, to actively develop storage markets such as large reserves in the country, and abroad.
Tosumed to open up the market for household and commercial storage capabilities in the network of supply-man generators, equipment integration capabilities, and after-sales services. Meanwhile, Sumeda’s first portable storage energy product, Firmanzeroe, was paid by the end of 2022, and is expected to contribute in the future to the incremental demand for storage energy batteries.
In collaboration with the Taiwan Group, the company began to cut into the user side storage, providing ifr 32131 cores for the Taiwan Group's storage system, which planned to operate 550 storage power stations in the Taipei region with a combined capacity of 0.85gwh. In the course of the year, the company began to cut down from the storage core into storage system products, the third generation of “powerocean” storage products.
The winning national power grid storage charger project. 3.3. Improved customer structure will drive corporate profit and adversity reversal 3.3.1. The company ' s front-loader base is dominated by commercial and a00-class vehicles
Commercial vehicles provide a steady loader, which is expected to increase. In April 2022, the company signed a new battery bill for the years 2022-2024 for the company and the Jili commercial vehicle, with an estimated total of 126,000 units.
By 2025, 250,000 new energy vehicles will be sold and 21% of the market will be sold. By 2030, 570,000 new energy will be sold, 20% of the market, and the future will be sold.
With the new energy vehicle subsidy linked to the next mileage in 2018, a large batch of a00-class scavengers became history, and the share of a00-class cars declined rapidly. The company started matching Mitsubishi in 2020.
The macro-lightmi model, market-leading battery costs and precise locomotive positioning have achieved rapid penetration of fuel trucks, and the a00 vehicle share has recovered. The penetration rate of a00 electric vehicles in 2021 is close to 100%, pre-a00 is based on the company ' s use of a battery.
The division also moved from the a00-class car to the car market via Jianghuayev6e and the North Car ec180, and subsequently developed customers like Chi-Ri and Po-Cung to hold on to the first leg of the a00-class car. In 2020, it entered the macrolight Mini supply system, helping it to become the same size, and it also brought a large number of matching orders to the company, making it a win-win, 2021.
The company has over 134,000 macrominis, accounting for 34% of its sales. Clients, mostly by car, have a large number of small and medium-sized customers. In the client structure, the company has completed the transition from a commercial vehicle to a passenger vehicle, with 87% of the passenger load in 2021 taking the main share.
A large number of small and medium-sized clients were provided with 15 passenger car customers in 2021 (including the general population, the Great Wall, Chang An, the upper-air Mitsubishi, etc.), 9 passenger car users (Ankay, the upper-air, etc.), and 27 special-purpose car users (including Xiaokang, the North, etc.), with the second largest total.
3.3.2 The client structure is gradually improving from commercial and low-end passenger vehicles to medium-to-high-end vehicle models, based on the expansion of the local market to head-to-head customers. In the special-purpose car market, the company has been in the forefront of new energy logistics vehicles since 2020.
In the first half of 2022, sales were ranked first and eleventh in the number of new energy vehicles. The active expansion of the caloric ratio could increase the size of single-car fleets, leading to higher profitability through the cost of scale effects.
By 2020, as the company's product performance and branding effects increased, it entered the n01, Oshankoshanev supply system, completing a breakthrough to ao- and above. In November 2021, the Department signed a 10-gwh Long List with the Wall for 2022-2025, providing phosphate lithium to Ola- and Ola-Barre-cats.
Pool. Of these, Euratoms sold close to 50,000 in 2021, with 14 in passenger cars; Eura Ballet, a global car with a depth of one, which is tailored to the needs of women, has been designed specifically in terms of aerobics, exclusive functions, ease of operation, etc., and was officially listed on July 12, 2022, and is expected to add to the company ' s capacity.
3.4. Breaking through the new market with full power, with high incremental certainty 3.4.1, the general public: the company takes the lead in getting a standard core point, bringing in a large number of firm orders.
The three vehicles that were subsequently launched were sold well in Europe, with the mass group (the popular group + Audi) occupying tens of thousands of electric cars in 2022 in Europe, and a total of 80 new electric vehicles in the future, of which the popular Chinese electric vehicle is scheduled to pay 1.5 million annually, corresponding to a battery demand of 100 gwh.
In March 2021, the public announced the concept of a standard core, which, according to its calculations, would reduce its cost by 50%. In 2024, the public planning standard core would be officially applied, covering 80% of the vehicles under the popular flag. In July 2021, the company signed an agreement with the public.
Construction of a 20gwhh power cell production base in the new station highland is dedicated to mass standard core production, and the company has also become the world ' s first site developer to obtain a public standard core research and development contract. The company has now simultaneously obtained official production points for phosphate lithium and tri-dollar batteries for the general public, which will result in a firm order increase in 2023-2024.
3.4.2, Trinity: A three-dollar strategy is advancing steadily, working with the public to start a new journey, and a three-dollar strategy is moving steadily. From 2017 to 2020, the company has developed a high nickel three-dollar cell with a single energy density of 307wh/kg, and has entered Chiré, North and Chang An.
The customer supply system. In 2021, the company ' s tri-dollar battery customer expansion accelerated. In that year, the firm ' s recommended catalogue was equipped with 17 triple-dollar batteries, with a energy density of 201wh/kg for long-annated vehicle battery systems and 500 km for continued voyages, further proof that the company ' s high-end technological industrialization capability had been enhanced and was in the process of moving forward.
In July 2021, the company issued an announcement that it would work with the public to build a factory in Salzburg, Germany, to develop and produce a three-dollar standard core.
A step-by-step exploration of the first generation of lithium phosphate standard cores, coupled with domestic trinity dots, would make it possible for companies to share public order dividends both domestically and in Europe, rapidly expanding the trinity scale into a virtuous circle of development.
In May 2019, the company planned a joint venture with Tata, India, to build batteries for its electric vehicles, with 40% of the company's shares. In 2021, the Indian electric vehicle market entered into rapid penetration and potential market space for the future.
When four cars were launched, Tatanezonev was eligible for subsidies, accounting for nearly 80% of local electric car sales, the company had a full pre-emptive advantage of tying towers in 2019, promising to fully enjoy India's electric car market, to travel to sea speed, and to gain a large number of United States customers. The expansion of German Bosch, Vietnam's vinfast customers was under way.
Then, in December 2021, the company obtained orders from a U.S. client for a total of 200 gwh lithium phosphate batteries in 2023-2028. We suspect that the client may be the American company Rivian, Rivian electric pickup truck r1t and electric suvr1s, with a total booking of over 55,000 vehicles, and 100,000 pure electric trucks in the Amazon in the second quarter of 2022 edv
By 2030, Rivian will be building four production bases around the world, with an annual output of 1 million.
Taking over 10% of the market for electric vehicles. As future capacity is released quickly, company battery orders 3.4.4, small power: capture the trend of alternative lithium batteries for second wheels, pre-position the electric ship market, start the replacement of lithium batteries for conventional lead acid batteries, and the company owner hits the head customer.
There is a clear advantage in both useful life and electricity, and an alternative trend to lithium-lead-acid batteries has begun in the electric second-wheeler market, where, according to Irey ' s consulting, lithium cell penetration in 2020 has already reached 20%. Ggii predicts that, by 2026, lithium batteries from the second-wheeler will reach 30gwhh, and cagr 18% in the next few years.
The Division has cooperated with drop-and-drop missions, supplying 623,000 units of their shared bicycles throughout the year, reaching 370 mwh, and is in the process of being technically docked with top customers such as Yadi, Emma, who are expected to make a cooperative contribution in the future. Electric ship batteries are expected to enter into rapid development from 2022, and companies have been certified as ship-class companies.
Data for 2018, with only 0.016 per cent powered by ships, 1.5-2-year Lithium Batteries Order for previous small batch applications, and October 2020, certified by a class company, are expected to obtain power cells in the future in the electric ship market.
Overseas customers, such as households, are expected to enjoy the full dividends of India’s and the United States’ electric car growth. Power storage batteries are expected to be 2022-2024: early storage of energy by companies, close collaboration with national grids and Chinese customers on the side of power generation and communications, and the signing of a strategic cooperation agreement with Sumaida in October 2022 is expected to accelerate the flow of energy to large domestic and overseas reserves.
Downstream demand in electric cars is less than expected, industry competition increases the risk of deteriorating profits, company storage, customers expand less than expected.