{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH002074} Use of popular electric power {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} {\cHFFFFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF}
The company is China's power cell lead company. The number of installed batteries in 22 years is 13.3 gwh, the fourth largest in China; the demand for power batteries is high, and the global load of installed batteries in 23 years is expected to reach 749 gwh, the lfp inverse triple dollar.
The company’s many years of deep-farming lfp battery technology, lfp loads third in China, energy density 230wh/kg, is the country’s first to engage in a new energy car-powered lithium industry.
The ion battery is a company that has developed, produced and sold ion batteries autonomously and has successfully entered the Renault-Japanese-Tirkin supply system, where it will be supplied for 23 years.
The technological power industry is at the forefront, and the cutting edge of technology is rich. The company is leading the industry in its R & D investment, and the main products are positive materials, lithium cell cores, jtm technology formations that are more than 90% more efficient, and the lfp system has an energy density of 6 ncm, which has been in progress for 22 years.
Lithium power batteries, battery management systems and storage power generation; three-dollar semi-solid battery industrialization, 360wh/kg single energy density, 23 years pool, distribution and distribution products, etc.
Accompanies bulk delivery: forward-looking reserve mfp technology, which has now completed c-showing and gradually moving forward, with battery sales ranking at the top of the country for many years. The lfp production advantage available on the backbone can be quickly switched to lmfp.
The public is the company’s first major shareholder, with a vast space for motor power cell sales in 22 years. The popular plan will cover 80% of the load needs and 23 years of product import. The company’s first standard core-pointing firm is expected to become the major mass battery supply.
The company has also forged strategic cooperation with leading international clients, such as rivian/tata/vines, to extend markets to Europe and the US and South-East Asia, leading the global layout industry. Global output is fast-emitting, and industry is leading the integrated industrial chain.
Card storage can demand the amount of energy to be released, technology accumulates deep with customers. Companies quickly cut into storage operations, power storage, pond life cycle, 15,000 weeks, through various international certifications, such as ul/tüv, at the communications base/power storage stations.
The company has entered into strategic collaboration with leading firms like /Chrystal/invengergy/Sumeda, and the storage of energy batteries in 22 years ranks sixth in China. The revenue growth potential of the fast-track layout is expected to strengthen the cost advantages of the integrated industrial chain layout, and the company is not.
Unforeseen expectations, cost/profit improvements, increased competition in the industry, over-expected development of new technologies
{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH002074} Internationalization strategy on the basis of the power transition, the strategy of internationalization on the basis of the power transition, and the strategy of internationalization on the basis of the strategy of internationalization on the basis of the power transition.
1. Corporate profile: China Power Batteries First Unit, Business Co-operation Outlook, a pioneer in the 1.1 Power Batteries industry around the world, early participants in the global layout, and accelerated deployment abroad. The company was established in May 2006 as one of China ' s first companies in the power cell field.
In April 2015, the company was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange with shell-sourced appliances, becoming the first share of China’s power cell. The company quickly became a leading player in the power cell industry, with a strong technological build-up of lfp batteries, and a good partnership with many high-quality downstream customers, while actively operating the three-dollar lithium battery technology and the upper edge of the power cell industry chain.
In 2017, the company successfully extended its operations to the storage sector through a joint venture with the Shanghai Electric Group. Since 2018, the company has been on the fast-track for internationalization, collaborating with international leaders in Bosch, India, and the United States of America.
Figure 1: The key course of corporate development 1.2 Strategy introduces an international car giant to operate an enabling force to catalyze the development of new dynamic energy. The strategic equity of mass groups has become the cornerstone of corporate internationalization. In May 2020, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the People’s Republic of China.
As a strategic investor, they become the company’s first shareholder through their participation in a non-public distribution, directly holding 24.77% of the company’s shares (after the issuance of gdr). Under the agreement of the Shareholder Agreement, the People’s Republic of China undertook to waive irrevocably the voting rights of the company’s shareholdings for a period of 36 months or more after the completion of the non-public distribution and to ensure that its voting rights were less than the Chairman of the company, Li Xing, and his co-actors at least 5%.
He is still the chairman of the board, Li Jing, and his collaborator, Lee Jian, holds a total of 17.01% of the company’s shares. The public’s strategic entry will inject new developmental energy into the internationalization of the company’s business and its fine management, and more synergy will result from the cooperation between the two sides.
The short-term profit-taking situation is expected to ease in the period of rapid growth in the 1.3 battalion, mainly as a result of the rapid growth of the Chinese electric vehicle market and the continued warming of the lfp battery-loading ratio, with the build-up of the company ' s output having been released since 2021. Companies 2022q1–3 achieved operating income of $14.43 billion, compared with 152 per cent, and net profit from the mother of $150 million, compared with 121 per cent.
The increase in profits has been higher, with both share-incentive cost amortization and fluctuations in the cost of raw materials increasing at a lower rate than the recovery rate. Power and storage batteries are at the core of the business, with a rapid increase in the overseas collection ratio.
By geographical category, corporate overseas operations have grown rapidly since 2020, with 2022h1 overseas operations receiving a ring ratio +358 per cent, or 8.9 per cent, up 8.5 pcts compared to 2019, largely benefiting from the company ' s continued expansion of its cooperation with high-quality clients abroad in recent years, and the continued delivery of orders from the United States, such as Rivian, Indian tata, Viet Nam, and we expect to continue with the company ' s strategic overseas deployment in the future.
As a result of the acceleration in the delivery of existing large offshore customer orders, the ratio of overseas business receipts is expected to rise steadily.) The rise, 2) the decline in product prices, the return to the Māori rate, and 3) the impact of the declining subsidy policy.
In 2021, the company ' s overseas Māori performance was 36.6%, although it remained at a high level despite a steady decline with industry trends, mainly benefiting from the continued volatility of net interest rates of 2.2%/0.7%/1.3%, mainly due to changes in the cost of raw materials and changes in non-recurrent gains and losses such as the company ' s receipt of government subsidies. Overall, there is still room for improvement in the company ' s current profitability, and we expect a smooth future with prices of raw materials.
The increase in the self-supply of company raw materials and the increase in the share of overseas operations are expected to improve the company's Māori rate and net interest rates. The decline is mainly due to the deepening of partnerships between companies and major clients and the increased scale effect of productive release and revenue increases; The hedge of management gains from the funds raised by Q3 from the release of gdr. The company's R&D costs are sustained at a high level, with research and development costs of 2022q1-q3
As corporate synergies with the general public are gradually released, cooperation with large domestic and foreign clients continues to deepen, and the level of precision management is further enhanced, we expect that corporate cost rates are expected to remain consistently optimized.
2. Multi-year deep-dry lfp is widely certified by clients, forward-looking reserve core technology long-term layouts 2.1 power cell demand increases, line-by-field gain lfp loaders rises 2.1.1 Global electric vehicle demand is strong and lfp dominates power cell loaders
Global electric vehicle sales have continued to grow, and overseas demand is expected to lead the market. Global electric vehicle sales in 2022 were about 10.83 million, cagr + 67% in 3 years, and electric vehicles outside China were about 3.95 million, or +24%, mainly as a result of the collapse of the conflict in the United States, Europe, and elsewhere.
The second largest car market, with only 6.7% penetration of electric vehicles in 2022, is expected to be driven by the Inflation Reduction Act and other policies, with U.S. electric vehicle penetration going into an accelerated upswing period, and a future U.S.-led overseas market is expected to be the driving force behind the growth in global electric vehicle sales. The increase in demand and power-loading has continued to increase.
The increase in the volume of power-bearing vehicles from 46~49kwh in 2021 to 52~55kwh in 2022 has contributed to a sustained increase in power cell loads, which in 2022 were about 518gwh, compared to 72% in 2022, and are expected to reach 749gwh in 2023, with the potential for industry growth remaining strong, with accelerated release of power cell loads in overseas markets.
Battery technology innovation and security advantages drive the reloading of lfp to three dollars. In 2022, China's lfp battery load was 183.8gwh, or 62%, 29pcts, up from 33% in 2019 for four consecutive years. In 2021, the counter-triple battery became the most powerful power cell in the country.
There is also a gradual trend in the use of lfp batteries overseas, with the use of lfp positive materials in the United States reaching 17.4 million tons in January-October 2022, the ring ratio + 156%, which represents a significant increase in the use of positive materials from 0.5% in 2020 to 16pcts in 2022 and 16.5% in 2022. The lfp loading ratio has benefited mainly from: 1) innovations in battery structure technology that have reduced the energy density gap between lfp and the trio battery system.
In recent years, as innovative technologies for battery structures such as Biadi Blade Battery Batteries, National Platoon High Jtm, Ninder Times ctp etc. have been applied, the use of batteries has increased significantly, and the energy density of the lfp battery system has been similar to that of the Trinity, and the performance gap between the two at the end of the application has gradually narrowed, thus highlighting the advantage of the lfp battery over the Trinity Battery.
The pool’s safety is increasingly valued, and according to the iimedia’s October 2022 consumer market study, 68.7% of consumers believe that safety is the primary option for electric vehicles. Ifp batteries have higher thermal stability, and have a greater advantage than three-dollar batteries (135–185°C at ncm6 and above) in starting heat temperatures (approximately 230°C), highest heat temperatures, heat rates and time.
2.1.2lfp Battery Break-Up, with a broad range of high-quality new and old customers
The capacity is 13.3gwh, the same year +66%, and the city is ranked fourth in China’s ranking. Deep-farming lfp batteries have been developed for years, with companies settling with deep technology, with annual lfp batteries accounting for 6.5% of the market, after the Ninder era, Biadei, and the third largest, with relative advantages for companies such as medium-sized and innovative shipping.
In 2022, the company’s main clients were upper-mortality groups, Jianghuai cars, Chiri cars, scavengers, Chang An cars, Indian tata, and so on. By virtue of its excellent product performance, the company was widely recognized in the market, thereby bringing it better and better.
The company has continued to expand its new high-quality customers, and has recently identified new cars to be supplied in 2023, and has successfully entered the Renault-Japanese-Tirkin Alliance supplier system to deliver power cell products for its joint venture brand with East Wind.
The company is expected to continue to expand its high-quality customers in the future with a small, pure electric suv model. The market share is first for a00-grade vehicles. The engine battery type is primarily a high-value lfp battery, and as a leading company with a deep technological build-up in the lfp battery sector, the company has a strong market for a00-grade electric vehicles in the country.
In the future, we expect companies to remain at the forefront of the a00-class sunk market as the company continues to progress in its lfp battery technology.
Energy density continues to break out, and energy intensity progresses at the same time. The company continues to deepen its technology development, enabling the energy density of the lfp core to rise year by year through the combination of positive materials, pre-lithicization, thick electrodes, etc., and continues to break industry leadership levels. In 2016, the lfp core energy density first surged. The company has completed the design and configuration of the 230wh/kglfp core, and is expected to start production in 2023.
A three-dollar battery that accelerated the layout on the basis of precision, the high nickel tri-core energy density that the company developed on its own in 2021, the energy intensity of the system, the energy intensity of the East's financial resources, the growth of 200 wh/kg, has been successful in achieving volume production, and in the future, with the company's three-dollar standard core product, the three-dollar battery will be available.
Corporate power cell technology as a whole is in the forefront of the industry, and we expect that there is a potential for a sustained increase in the number of companies. 2.3 High priority is given to investment in technology research and development, with a number of core technological reserves at the forefront of industry development, high priority is given to research and development and high technology performance. Companies attach great importance to research and development in battery technology, with a total investment of 1.04 billion yuan in research and development in 2022q1-q3.
The same ratio +192% of the total R & D input is the leading industry in terms of revenue collection. Companies build leading professional R & D centres at the national level, such as wmtc storage laboratories, post-doctoral research workshops and provincial academic posts, with multi-accredited testing experiments such as cnas/tüv/public groups. Nearly 5,000 R & D personnel are currently working on three major national “863” topics.
There are 4,274 patents, of which 1,121 are inventions, and 61 are in charge of and involved in standard-setting, including 2 international standards, 23 national standards and 12 industry standards.
Innovative jtm technology to achieve a new lfp battery leap. In the case of power cell system integration, the company introduced for the first time a battery structure innovation jtm technique (“jellyrolltomodule, roll-to-module) to place the roll core directly into the module through advanced integrated manufacturing processes, once complete production of the entire module, making it both low-cost and effective, while increasing battery energy density.
The quantity of material used has increased the group efficiency of the entire module to over 90%, with a core of 210wh/kg with a high energy density of lpf at close to 200wh/kg, with a system energy density of 180wh/kg, above ncm6 level. The jtm process is simpler and can change the source of Eastern financial prosperity.
The number control module size of the core chain, which leads to a flexible switch in size, makes it easy to standardize the module ' s design and can be broadly adapted to meet downstream customer needs. Moreover, the isolation of individual cores within the module can effectively prevent and delay the uncontrolled spread of heat, raising the heat management capacity and safety of the battery system. The company ' s jtm product was industrialized at the end of 2022, and is expected to be first in the areas of low-speed vehicles and power switching patterns.
The company has developed and accumulated technology for power cells for years, such as solid-state battery technology, phosphate lithium (lmfp) battery technology. In solid-state battery technology, the company started to develop solid state as early as 2017.
Batteries and solid-state electrolytes. In May 2022, the first three-dollar semi-solid cell was released, with a new array of materials and new technologies, such as solid electrolysis of rounded lobes, silicon negatives, new high-safety diaphragms, high-security liquid electrolytes, composite fluorescents, etc., leading to a new leap in battery performance, with a single body energy density of 360wh/kg and a system energy density of 260wh/kg, currently tested and above by needle puncture.
180°C30 minute heat box test for the national tender. The vehicle with the semi-solid battery carries 160 kwh, with a continuous mileage of 1,000 km and 100 km, accelerates only 3.9 s, and is expected to deliver bulk loaders, mainly with high-end luxury vehicles, in the second half of 2023. The company has now built up the capacity of 2gwh semi-stabilized batteries. In addition, the next generation of 400wh/kg semi-stabilized batteries already produces prototype samples in the laboratory.
Company forward-looking storage mfp battery technology. The addition of manganese elements to lfp cell mmfp increases energy density by 15-20% and retains the high cycle stability, safety and economics of lfp, which is an upgraded version of the lfp battery.
In addition, given the relatively small variation in the production equipment of lfp, which does not require re-establishment of production lines for rapid adjustment of production capacity, we expect the company to maintain or even expand its current capacity at the accelerated landing phase of the lmfp technology, based on the lfp production profile of the company's leading industry.
3. Together with the Volkswagen Electronics Strategy, the global distribution has entered the fast track.
3.1 Mass groups’ electricization strategy is accelerating, and the country’s share of the dividends is expected to become a major supplier. Mass groups are leading the world’s car manufacturers, and electric car sales are at an early stage of scale. 8.263 million vehicles were sold in 2022.
Second in the world, 572,000 electric cars were sold, and third in the world. In China, 31,855,000 vehicles were sold, accounting for about 12% of the total, and China ranked first, while 156,000 electric cars were sold, accounting for less than 3% of the total. Mass groups were still at an early stage of the market for electric cars, mainly because of the slow pace of the transition in their initial layout, and the volume-car-typed version of the Id.3 was officially launched in September 2020, compared to Tesla and Bisla.
In order to speed up the process of sub-tempo transformation and respond to regional policies to reduce emissions, popular groups have continued to use the code-up electro-motivation strategy for the last two years, which was launched in July 2021 to 2030.
By 2025 and 2030, the share of electric vehicles in global automobile sales is planned to reach 20/50%. China’s regional share of electric car sales is planned to be 35/50%, corresponding to 1.5 million vehicles/two million vehicles in 2025 and 2030.
In December 2021, popular groups announced that the next five-year plan (2022-2026) would take over the next generation of technology investments in electric, digital, and so on.
The ratio of capital spending to R & D inputs increased from 50% to 56%, with combined inputs exceeding €90 billion, with electric inputs increasing by more than 30% over the scale of the previous plan.
Figure 27: Volkswagen Plan for Electric Motor Vehicles in China Region (number of vehicles) Figure 28: Mass Group Electric Vehicle Inputs (Euro1 billion) and Share (%) (global capacity upgrades to speed up distribution in China. Popular groups are planning to produce electric vehicles in Europe, China and the United States, and are continuing to promote them everywhere.
In addition, other German factories, such as Hanover, are being upgraded. In China, there is now a mass public investment in two Meb factories in Shanghai, Antting and Volkswagen.
The plant will be operational this year, in addition to the Odie factory, which is expected to be launched in 2024, with a joint public-to-air venture in the long spring, for the production of an Odie branded electric vehicle model based on a high-end appe platform. In 2025, the mass group is expected to produce more than 1 million cars per year in the Chinese region.
The standard core design is highly compatible with all types of battery material and allows for a combination of a scale reduction of 30 to 50% of the cost of the conventional volume-car-type core through standardized production processes and positive and negative polar material components. The standard core will begin to enter into the mass-carrying period in 2023, covering the multi-carrying model of the meb platform, and is expected to account for 80% of the mass core use by 2030.
The distribution of the battery chain by mass groups is mainly based in three markets, Europe, China, and the United States, where the public and the Swedish northvoltab have formed a joint venture to build a core factory with 16 gwh of annual capacity, and the lig chemistry is the main battery supplier. In addition to China’s strategic collaboration with the Chinese public, there are battery suppliers such as Ningde and Vandal 123, of which Ningde began in the 2020s through a joint venture with a steam group.
A joint venture between the American public and the Quantumscape has been set up to focus on the development of full-state battery technology, with Samsung sdi as its main battery supplier. Global power cell layouts can effectively support the rapid increase in mass production in the process of future electrical transformation.
Figure 29: Mass group “powerday” standard core plan Table 4: Mass group battery chain layout 2021, which has far-reaching strategic implications for the future strategic development of both partners, for the general public:
1) Ensures stability in the supply chain. According to the public group ' s electric strategy, sales in China will increase rapidly over the next three to five years, thus ensuring stability in the supply chain during the release period is essential. At present, the main battery supplier in China is Ningde, a global power cell leader with a strong bargaining power.
Cooperation with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs will ensure to a certain extent that the supply and price of power cells will be stable and will ensure the basis for the achievement of the strategic objectives. (2) Increased technical cooperation in the field of power cells.
In addition, mass groups are planning to build a power cell plant with 40 gw output in Salzgitter, Germany, which will serve as a technical partner in the production of the plant for the year, and are planning to develop other potential production bases in Europe.
As the production base with the highest share of the mass group in China, the popular symbol will contribute to its higher profits, or will be placed in the production and distribution of the mass Chinese region’s production capacity. At the same time, the U.S.A.P. is well-developed, while at the same time investing 50 gwh standard electron cores in the general population, which will help the general public to complete their work on the slopes faster.
Step-by-step production, based on 50-60kwh's vehicle-by-car capacity, has largely met the public’s need for a core supply of 350,000 electric vehicles per year planned for this stage. For Kuen, cooperation between the two sides will significantly enhance the operational growth potential of the country’s capital, and will result in production quality control, technology development, and enterprise refinement.
The potential for business growth has expanded. The mass group’s global electricization process has accelerated, and the Chinese region is expected to see an acceleration in the release of the mass electric vehicles over the next three years, and its suppliers’ revenues are expected to grow rapidly.
Ifp and Trinity have both obtained the official mass core production point as the first power cell company to obtain the standard core production point. According to the cooperation agreement between the two sides, the State will be the first strategic supplier of standard mass core products and, hopefully, the main battery supplier in the general Chinese region. We expect that the accelerated release of the mass electric vehicles will have a catalytic effect on the growth of the scale of the operation, according to our calculations, in 2025.
Under the scenario of 1.2 to 1.8 million electric vehicles sold in the Group’s China region, and 20 to 40% of the public supply of Gwang, Gwan is expected to supply 14.4 to 43.2gwh with a conservative share of no less than 19% of the country’s output, and the potential for China’s business to grow in space is expected to expand.
National high-end vehicles are in the forefront of the domestic market, but are relatively weak in the high-end (ao and above) market. Mass groups have a well-developed product matrix, and we believe that binding the public into medium- and high-end vehicles will help the country to break through.
Accompanied capacity to optimize the product structure is expected to enhance business cooperation with the general public and other industry leaders in a larger number of vehicles. 3) Production quality control, technology research and development, and enterprise fine-tuning of the full range of capabilities.
In terms of technology research and development, the public has sent teams of experts to develop advanced battery technologies such as jtm and ctc, the public is responsible for battery technology research, the public is responsible for back-end testing and auditing, and a sound research and development process will further enhance the research and development capabilities of the public. In addition, the public is represented by a number of managers, including directors and financial management.
A full-scale upgrading of company-specific management, finance and cost controls, and operational regulation will help to improve business efficiency in a comprehensive manner. 4) Joint procurement reduces the cost of raw materials and capacity expansion. Under the cooperation agreement, the two sides consider cooperation in the form of joint purchasing or investment of raw materials upstream of power cells and machinery used for production, together with stabilization of the supply and cost of raw materials and expansion of capacity.
By working with the general public, the country will increase its bargaining power in the procurement of raw materials and production equipment (5) branding will accelerate the process of globalization. Working with the general public, it will be able to tap into higher-quality household resources through the branding of groups of the general public and, through working with the general public, gain experience in international business cooperation and rapidly expand global markets.
The acceleration in the deployment of the dynamic strategy is expected to be a key player, working with mass groups in power cell production and technical cooperation in China, North America and Europe, and sharing the industrial growth dividend with the global automobile flagships.
With strategic cooperation as an opportunity for the general public to continue to open up markets abroad in recent years and to achieve significant results, strategic partnerships have been forged with a wide range of international high-quality clients, with a wide distribution of production capacity abroad and successful extension of markets to North America, Europe, and South-East Asia, leading the global distribution industry. Strategic cooperation, Rivian, is expected to open up the North American market.
The localization agreement became its lfp battery provider, with an agreed supply of lfp batteries of no less than 200gwh for the period 2023-2028, for use in its United States and global market products. Rivian was the first car manufacturer in North America to deliver a bulk of pure electric pickups, with flexible and advanced large-scale car skateboarding technology, which was marketed in the United States in December 2021.
In addition, in July 2022, Rivian converted its logistics from road to rail mode, with a current capacity of 150,000 units per year, with a projected expansion from 2023 to 200,000 vehicles per year, and a new 400,000 units/yearly capacity in Atlanta, which is expected to be operational in 2024.
The East’s financial and intellectual boom, together with the creation of co-production capabilities, is beginning to take shape in North America. The original R1t and edv cars were delivered using the Trinity Pool supplied by the Samsungsdi, which, according to its 2022q3 shareholder letter, was planned to lower the lfp battery for the edv/r1 model by early 2022q4/2023, respectively.
According to our research, in 2022 the State will have achieved the production of lfp battery products for rivian bulk supply through the production of bases in Kyon City, accompanied by the edv model, which is expected to extend to the r1 model in 2023. In addition, according to the agreement between the two sides, the State will consider meeting the supply needs through the construction of plants on its own soil in the United States, while the State will support the cost of the plant in the United States through a phased advance payment.
The U.S. bid announcement for a total of 60gwhh electric core equipment in Viet Nam/United States of America concluded that the U.S. is now in the initial stages of implementation in the US-based energy distribution, while the U.S. State of Michigan is planning to build a positive and negative material production base for the U.S.-based energy mix to guarantee stability in the supply chain of indigenous raw materials, either through a joint venture with Rivian.
There is a relatively high degree of certainty in the execution of the procurement plan, as compared with potential orders. By November 2022, the net pre-sale of the Rivian car type exceeded 114,000, an increase of 16,000 over 2022q2, the build-up of 100,000 edv orders in the Amazon, a total of 214,000 hand orders, the conversion of battery loads of approximately 30gwh, and it is expected that future release of new and expanded capacity with rivian will lead to an increase in delivery speed and the expectation that the orders will continue.
In September 2022, Rivian agreed with Mercedes-Benz on a European strategy for commercial electric trucks, and it is expected that joint ventures and factories will be established in Europe over the next few years to produce pure electric commercial vehicles in Europe. Overall, rivian has ample hands and potential orders, and the North American region’s pickups have a long history of selling car types for the head, while pure electric pickups and logistics vans carry 1 to 2 times more electricity than the average passenger cars, and the total power cell space is larger.
We believe that there is a relatively high degree of certainty in the implementation of the battery purchase agreement between rivian and the State. The State is also working strategically with international enterprises such as the Netherlands ebusco, Germany bosch, India tata, Viet Namvines, Thailand Nuovo, and Slovakiainobat to quickly enter potential markets such as Europe and South-East Asia, while at the same time working to open overseas markets, the State is in Silicon Valley, United States, respectively.
Cleveland, Europe, Germany, Singapore, etc. have established research and development bases to work with local partners on product design and battery technology to meet local market demand. We expect the future of the country to move into a new income-growth phase, thanks to a rapid increase in the penetration of electric vehicles abroad.
National High School (002074): Taking advantage of the popular power transition, the internationalization strategy has been strategizing the release of energy, and the extension of the industrial chain has contributed to the rapid expansion of the production capacity of 4.1 companies, laying a solid foundation for recovery growth.
Global capacity releases acceleration, coupled with a year of mass production. To meet the rapid growth of end demand, speed up the expansion of overseas markets, the company as a whole has entered a period of rapid expansion, releasing nearly 50 gwh in 22 years in Nanjing, Kiyo City, etc. The company currently has domestic capacity in fertilizer, Nanjing, Willow, etc., with a total of 50 gwh planned for the new compost station, which is expected to be launched at 2023q3.
With regard to offshore production, in July 2021, the company acquired the Bosch German Gögentine factory as the first production base in Europe, planning to upgrade its capacity by 20gwh, which is expected to be in production by the end of 2023, and will be fully operational by the end of 2024. The company also plans to build 40gwh power cell capacity in Europe in a joint venture with Norbat and to build Viet Nam’s first lfp battery in a joint venture with Vince.
Factories, in addition to the company’s real-estate capacity in the United States, Thailand, etc. In 2022, the company’s total capacity was about 100 gwh, and according to the company’s plan, it was expected to reach 300 gwh by the end of 2025, in which the company’s supply capacity was expected to increase further, helping it to expand its domestic and foreign market space, with a firm and long-term increase in corporate global city occupancy.
High growth in the size of the harvest.
The company has upstream lithium resources and autonomously produces battery raw materials, such as lithium carbonate, while extending the core components of the layout battery – positive and negative materials, electrolytes, and diaphragms – and leads the industry in vertically integrated layout of the industrial chain. Lithium resources are scarce, determining the profitability of battery companies.
In South America, the share of our lithium resources is only 6%, concentrated in Jiangxi, Qinghai, etc. China, as the world’s largest electric vehicle market, has seen a long-term high price of raw materials, such as lithium carbonate, as a result of the mismatch between the supply of and demand for lithium and the supply of such resources, which has severely squeezed profits from down the industrial chain.
Potential risks of geopolitical conflict, the position of lithium resources as “strategic resources” in the power cell industry chain will continue to be highlighted in the short term, and batteries with stable lithium resource supply can reduce to some extent the cost-side pressure and guarantee the stability of profits.
Figure 32: Distribution of Lithium Resources in China: Sources of the financial and intellectual boom in the East: Global Lithium Resources for the Future. The company leads the lithium resource chain layout industry, establishes a joint venture with IYi Chun Mining and acquires two local lithium mines.
Meanwhile, the company actively deployed its overseas lithium resources and signed a strategic cooperation agreement in May 2022 with the National Energy Mining Company (Jemse) of the Argentine province of Jujuy, which will provide the company with prospecting and mining rights covering approximately 17,000 hectares, with two additional lithium mines to be recovered by both sides in the course of the year.
Lithium carbonate is released on schedule and the raw materials are constantly rising in proportion to their supply. Based on the active investment of lithium carbonate production lines by Lithium Mineral Resources Layout Company, production will now exceed 20,000 tons per year, and the three existing production bases in IYchun City in 2025 will be fully productive, converted to 600 tons of lce carbon acid lithium, which is expected to cover 200 gwh capacity when the company ' s total lithium carbonate production capacity is completed and converted to lithium carbonate equity capacity.
Moreover, with the location of the joint venture with jemse and the improved overseas lithium carbonate production profile, the company’s self-supporting ratio of lithium carbonate to battery capacity is expected to exceed 60%. We expect the company to benefit from the vertical layout of the integration of lithium resources, with a high self-supporting ratio of raw materials allowing it to gain a certain advantage at the end, and the company’s long-term profitability is expected to improve continuously.
4.2.2 The core components of the battery material extend upstream of the layout industry to cover the core components of the battery material. The company's lithium battery industry is well-structured and covers the core components of the battery material, including positive/negative materials, diaphragms, electrolytes, etc., through self-building capacity, joint venture participation and patent acquisition. In the positive materials chain, the company can
Completely autonomous production of high energy density lfp and high nickel triode positive materials, including lfp positive material production capacity of 200,000 tonnes/year, high nickel triode positive material material of 40,000 tonnes/year, with a public standard core, in addition to a 30% share share of the 48,000 tonnes of high nickel per annum pre-drive in a joint venture with China Metallurgical Group, Biadi. Negative material chain, company ' s self-built graphite production of 700,000 tonnes/year in the Inner Mongol Sea and An Quanteng.
The Zhejiang has built its own silicon base with a capacity of 5,000 tonnes/year and a joint venture with Shanghai Electric with a capacity of 2,000 tonnes/year for titanium titanium, with a share ratio of 45.4%.
We believe that the layout of the entire chain of battery materials will further strengthen the cost advantage based on the stability of raw materials, and will help to improve the cost advantage.
The company controls the pace of production expansion and can intervene early at all stages of the core material, coupled with core research and development, and enhances the coherence and consistency of product research and development design, thereby enhancing end-product performance.
5.1 The demand for wind-loading catalytic storage energy has increased, and the need for flip-based market space has increased, and the importance of storage energy has increased. Global decarbonization has been accelerating, driving clean energy power generation such as wind and photovoltaics, with a total of about 288gwhh, ring ratio + 18%, installed in 2022, according to the International Energy Agency (IEA)
In 2027, it is projected that the world will have 434gwh in additional wind and light loads, with a cumulative wind and light load of 3.9 twh, which will account for 37% of the global total of energy generation. Volatile renewable energy sources, such as wind and power generation, will account for a gradual increase in their share of the energy structure, posing greater challenges to the stability of the grid and flexibility in the allocation of power resources, and the rapid response capacity of traditional forms of power generation, such as fire power, will be weak and will not be able to climb rapidly to meet demand.
Being able to act as an infrastructure for the flexible allocation of power resources in power systems will increase the stability of wind power generation and its responsiveness to the needs of the network’s frequency. Future increases in the share of wind power generation will drive a sustained increase in demand for power from all segments of the grid.
Electrical and chemical storage has significant advantages, and demand for storage cells is strong. The pumping capacity, which is limited by the long construction cycle and the high geographical requirements, is no longer sufficient to meet the current rapidly growing demand for storage, which has many advantages, such as the speed with which the ramp can be activated, the short construction cycle, the rapid and flexible deployment and the high space utilization rate, and will continue to grow as wind and light power loads increase their demand.
The ratio is more than 10%, of which lithium cell storage is technologically mature and economically efficient, accounting for 94% of the power of the electric chemical storage, close to 160gwhh in 2022, the ring ratio + 140%, and industrial development is already in a period of rapid growth. According to the National Energy Agency, the National Development and Reform Commission ' s Guidance for Accelerating the Development of New Storage Energy, the size of the country ' s new storage capacity will be increased in 2025.
More than 30gwhh, with more than 20 provincial governments now providing policy guidance on new energy projects, such as windlight, the expected increase in the capacity of lithium storage batteries is expected to continue, while technological progress combined with a smooth fall in the cost of raw materials will trigger higher demand in the industry and wide market opportunities for lithium storage batteries. Ifp is driven by high value for money and policy, it will be released in the field of energy storage. Ifp lithium batteries are recycled much more frequently than three-dollar lithium batteries and lead batteries.
The energy density of 150 ~ 210ww/kg is similar to the cost of electricity acquisition for a significant increase over lead batteries. Long-life versus high-value prices can better balance the performance with the economic needs of existing lead batteries and apply the most appropriate battery technology route to the storage area for existing battery types.
It is proposed that “middle and large electrochemical storage stations should not choose to use three-bit lithium cells, sodium sulfur cells”, and that safety considerations limit the use of three-dollar batteries in storage. Sodium ion battery technology has recently received market attention, its energy density and frequency are close to lfp cells and its performance is much lower, but it is still in the early stages of industrialization, and its technical maturity and production profile are limited in coverage of existing storage requirements.
The large market space of the lfp battery in the field of storage energy, and the continued high demand for storage power market loads, will be the driving force behind the growth in the volume of lfp batteries delivered.
Since September 2016, when the Ministry of Storage and Energy was established, it has been working on a strategic move to the storage energy industry, starting with a joint venture in 2017 and 2018 with Shanghai Electric, Beijing Forwes, to develop and produce energy battery technologies. Based on the firm ' s deep accumulation in the lfp battery sector, the company has also made rapid technological breakthroughs in the storage of energy batteries, and the company ' s lfp storage power battery cycle lives.
The company’s products are now certified by various international standards such as U.S. ul, Germany tüv, Canada csa, Japan jet, etc., and are exported to North America, Europe, Japan, etc., to achieve full access to mainstream markets abroad. The product matrix is rich, and the end demand is wide-ranging.
14.8 per cent. The company ' s energy storage business products, which consist mainly of storage cores and batteries, container storage system equipment and 2c storage energy products, have achieved coverage of the full range of demand on the side of power generation to the side of the user, with storage batteries supplied mainly to the operator ' s base telecommunications and storage power stations, accounting for about 60 per cent of the company ' s storage capacity, with the main client being China, which supplied approximately 2gwh in 2022 and is expected to supply 3.5 to 4gwh in 2023;
The supply of containerized energy systems for large-scale power storage stations, mainly for national power grids, energy companies, or power grids, accounts for about 35 per cent of the company’s storage services: 2c storage energy products are mainly side-to-side storage equipment and portable storage power terminals for overseas markets such as North America and Europe.
East Hing Securities Insight Report (002074): Using the power cells and high-performance lfp batteries, looped by popular electric transitions, internationalization strategies are on display.
6,500 times, battery capacity 3,072wh, stable "gendome output power of 3,000w, recharge time of 1.2h and make it possible
Photovoltaic battery panels filled with electricity in 2.5h, compatible with 99% of commonly used electrical equipment, and smart optimization of battery life through the applink management bms system
5.3 There is extensive cooperation in domestic and foreign projects, with high-quality clients building up with the potential to accelerate business growth.
According to ggii, companies ranked sixth in China in 2022 in terms of their storage capacity battery exports. We expect future companies to increase their supply of storage power cells, with high-quality customers, such as China, expanding their markets in the country and overseas, and obtaining quality endorsements for the supply of their end-products.
6. Profit forecasting, valuation and investment ratings 2022-2024: Rapid expansion of the company ' s capacity, full of domestic and foreign orders, lithium battery power, company and Great Wall operations
Strategic supply agreements such as Gilly, Chiré, River, etc. are continuously delivered, and demand from overseas customers such as tata, vinfast and others are entering a fast-growing period; the company and the public are bound to test the delivery of the standard core as soon as possible in 2024 by the end of 2023, while the company will supply the cars and successfully cut into the Renault-Japanese-Trithin Union supply system.
Household orders are stable, storage energy projects are working together well, and companies have accumulated technology in the field of energy batteries, and will harvest more new customers in the future, with the prospect of a higher harvest, taking advantage of the rapid growth in global storage demand. The price of raw materials upstream, such as lithium carbonate, increased in 2022, the Maori rate declined, and the company currently plans 120,000 tons/year of lithium carbonate production in Jiangxichen.
It is also planned to exploit lithium mines in Argentina, which in 2023 are expected to produce more than 20,000 tons of lithium carbonate, in addition to a well-developed and fully self-produced chain of industrial lithium batteries. We believe that the future synergies with the price of raw materials and the increase in the self-supply ratio will likely lead to a recovery in the Māori ratio of company-powered lithium batteries and storage batteries.
We expect that with the rapid release of the company’s future productive capacity and the managerial efficiency of public cooperation, the cost rates are expected to be reduced and improved over time. Research and development of company products technology continues to expand, with continued investment in new technologies such as solid-state batteries, lmfp, and domestic and foreign energy expansion, and we have chosen the Ningde era, Biadi, Lithium billion, Hinwangda, Mobil Science and Technology as comparable companies based on p, ps, ps, pg, pegs, etc.
The valuation method determines the company’s legitimate value. But considering the company’s leadership in the lfp battery sector in the country and its deep binding of mass groups, the acceleration of the process of mass electricization and the high strategy of corporate globalization, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
At the same time, the synergies between the two business partnerships will gradually emerge, helping companies to accelerate international business expansion and create branding effects, with a rapidly growing volume of powered batteries expected, while the company ' s integrated industrial chain layout from raw materials to final battery recovery will have the advantage or lead to higher profitability for the company, and the company ' s performance is expected to grow at a high rate, and we value the company in the long term by giving it 2024.
Ps valuation: Comparable companies averaged 1.5 x/1.1x per year for 2023/2024, and we believe that the company's overseas operations are preponderant in the industry and that companies are expected to share the dividends of the accelerated penetration of overseas electric vehicles and storage capacity markets, leading to a substantial increase in the size of the revenues ahead of industry growth The net profit of three years was 203 per cent cagr and the profit increase was significantly higher than the industry average, referring to the average peg level of comparable companies in 2023 at 0.61 x,
A combination of the three valuation methods, with a fair value for the company based on the peg valuation method and a market value of $82 billion for the company's target, the corresponding price of $46.1, we appreciate the potential for income growth from the company's strategic synergy with public groups and the accelerated deployment of overseas operations, and the integration of the industrial chain.
The chemical layout is expected to strengthen the corporate cost advantage, and the future profitability of the company is stronger, with the first coverage of the “strongly recommended” rating. 1) The risk that global demand for electric vehicles, storage capacity, will fall short of expectations: downstream demand for lithium batteries at this stage comes mainly from electric vehicles and storage power, which are more correlated with end consumption and capital spending in the business sector, and global macroeconomic disturbances increase or will reduce end consumption and investment capacity.
Overlaying raw material prices are historically high and there is a risk that the industry will grow at a lower rate than expected, resulting in lower than expected demand for lithium batteries. 2) Risks of working with the public, less than expected in the process of electricization of mass groups: public groups, as major shareholders in companies, work together with important strategies, and business cooperation and coordination will have a significant impact on the company’s marketing of products, technology research and development, and the expansion of domestic and foreign markets.
Development and delivery, the expansion of overseas markets, and the deployment of productive investments have not progressed as expected, or the failure of mass groups to meet their strategic plans for electricization will have a negative impact on the future growth and business layout of companies. As many as 300 gwh, of which 100 gwh is overseas. The speed of energy release is influenced by multiple sources of funding, equipment procurement, and construction progress.
In addition, there are a number of uncontrollable factors, such as economic volatility and geopolitics, and the fact that firms are building their capacity at a slower pace or at less than expected risk. 4) The risk of lower-than-expected cost and profit improvements is that upstream raw materials, such as lithium carbonate, account for a larger share of the cost and their price volatility will have an uncertain impact on the company’s operating costs. At this stage, there is a certain downward trend in raw material prices, but sustainability is yet to be verified.
The higher-than-expected rebound and the lower-than-expected output of the company ' s lithium carbonate would result in lower-than-expected cost and Māori improvements affecting firm performance elasticity. 5) The risk of increased competition in the industry: the power cell industry is now heavily engaged, with accelerated capacity in two or three-line firms close to the size of the company.
The trend towards expansion, coupled with the fact that downstream whole-car enterprises would choose to engage multiple suppliers for supply chain security purposes, and that the entire industry, such as Tesla and the general public, also planned self-building power cell capacity, which may result in a risk of lower cooperative stability among corporate customers and increased competition in the industry. 6) The risk of new technological developments in the industry is more than anticipated: there are currently solid-state lithium batteries, sodium ion batteries, hydrogen energy and their components in the power and storage sector.
His trend towards a convergence of advanced technology lines, such as new storage energy, and although existing lithium battery technology remains a leader in maturity and end market shares in a short period of time, if these new technologies make an unexpected breakthrough, there is a risk that the demand for the current lithium battery will be replaced, which in turn will be a source of financial prosperity for the company.
002074: In the light of the power transition, the strategy of internationalization is to be developed, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Securities Insight Report (002074): Taking advantage of the popular power transition, the internationalization strategy has developed a map of research assistants.
Wu Xing Qing is the researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.