First coverage: the global layout of the lithium battery taps, leading the technology research and development industry, technologyandr & dlevelareled: initiation
The view focuses on investmentfocus (pleaseeeseappendix1forengleshsummary) phosphate phosphate phosphorus taps to globalize and benefit from the outbreak of demand for new energy vehicles.
Top of the city ' s otperform high is the first on the market for domestic power batteries, with 23.3 gwh in 2022.lfp ' s share of the company ' s power cell load averaged more than 90% in 22 years.
The company ' s lfp battery was in the third place in the country at 6.5% of the market.
Great Wall, etc.. Actively exploring overseas markets, industrial chains and battery base layouts have been carried out in South-East Asia, South America, North America, Europe, etc., along with the general public, vinfast, rivian, etc.
As international vehicle companies continue to deepen their cooperation, they have successfully entered the Renault-Japanese-Trithin Union supplier community and signed a strategic supply and localization agreement with the new American car-making force, rivian, as its US$69.64mn
lfp Battery Providers. Share dividends are expected to become its main supplier, taking advantage of the power transition.
By entering into a contract with the company to become the first shareholder through the transfer of shares and the creation of a firm, the share ratio is 24.77%. The company will benefit from the introduction of the public as a strategic investor in terms of product development, company management, low financing costs, and brand internationalization, while the country will grow.
With a forward-looking entry into the gold-store track, there is a huge increase in the volume of goods coming out, which is expected to open up new revenue growth spaces. The company can quickly cut into storage-energy operations, and storage batteries can have a life cycle of 15,000.
Next, through a number of international certifications, a wide range of applications in such areas as telecommunications base/storage power stations/2c have been fully integrated into overseas markets. Companies have entered into strategic cooperation with leading firms such as Hua, invenergy, Sumada, and in 2022 they were able to deliver 5.5 gwh, compared to the previous year.
This is a tenfold increase, with the market share rising from 4.5% in 22 years, to become the world’s leading storage battery outlet, ranking China sixth in 22 years, and we expect that the storage outlet can reach 15 gwh in 23 years.
High priority is given to R & D and innovation, with many new battery technologies at the cutting edge of the industry, semi-stabilized and manganese phosphate. Companies insist on autonomous R & D and innovation, increasing the development and delivery of power cells and energy storage batteries at the eight major research and development centres of the global layout.
Advance technology research has made progress in the field of jtm lithium, phosphate lithium and semi-stabilized battery technology, with further improvements in global R & D layouts and in the introduction of advanced overseas R & D personnel.
The R & D level is ahead, the storage capacity will be massive, carbonate lithium will be pre-positioned and semi-solid, batteries will be industrialized or will contribute over-profits, and we give the company 50 times more than in 2023, with the risk that new energy vehicles will be sold less than expected, production will not be as fast as expected, and storage will be able to deliver.
Less than expected; new technology development less than expected; higher prices of raw materials.