Utunbus (600066.sh): The demand for domestic and foreign passenger transport is on the rise: the company collected $11.11 billion in the first half of 23 years, i.e. +34.6 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother; the demand for domestic and foreign passenger transport continues to recover and the company loses a significant profit on the same basis.
\triangleright Practice No.: s150052260001 The net profit of the company increased on a year-on-year basis mainly due to domestic tourism passenger traffic and a sustained recovery of demand in the overseas passenger vehicle market
After a single quarter, 23q2 companies achieved revenues of $7.54 billion, or +59.3 per cent, and net returns to mothers of $350 million, or +594.3 per cent; the Māori rate was a year-long win-win industry, with a decline in single-car activity following the recovery of the domestic market.
\triangleright National Bus Statistics Information Network, with a total of 36681 large and medium passenger vehicles sold in 23h1 in China, compared to 23.5% in the same year. 23h1 company has 12954 passengers sold compared to 42.8% in the same year.
The q2 single-car business, with 705,000 yuan, or 1.4%, and the Ring 12.5%, we believe that it is mainly a domestic market with lower single-car sales prices, that orders were issued overseas in the first half of the year, and that new technologies are expected to continue to grow.
The company \triangleright H1 continued to pick up orders in countries along the “one-way” route, including 550 Saudi passenger vehicles, 800 Uzbek passenger vehicle orders and 150 deliveries in Kazakhstan in April
Bus, re-ordered 224 buses in July. By 23h1, the company had accumulated over 90,000 passenger buses exported and over 68,000 passenger cars exported from countries along the “one-way” route. In June, the company released the first software and hardware integrated electric platform in the commercial vehicle industry - the Wise Control platform, with a new model including a long one.
Continued bus c11e. Wide-body micro-barous e7 and c8e, based on a smart-controlled e platform, is a cross-border version. We believe that, as old diesel vehicles are phased out in the future, the bus electricization pilot is rolled out, and corporate bus sales are expected to increase in the second half of the year.
Profit forecast: The company is a leading global company in large and medium passenger vehicles, with a steady recovery in the domestic passenger industry \triangleright Sindha Securities Inc.
+In the context of the continued expansion of overseas markets, the company ' s share of traditional passenger vehicles is expected to increase steadily, and the full capacity of the new energy and smartness areas is expected to be fully available on the ltd platform.
Risk factors: macroeconomic fluctuations and tight local fiscal balances lead to less than expected demand, increased competition across the sea, the risk of international volatility, and less than expected expansion of new energy buses.
Figure 1: Companies ' annual revenues (millions of yuan) and growth rate (%): Companies ' quarterly collections (billions) and growth rate (%)
▪ Net profits attributable to shareholders in parent companies (billion yuan) Figure 5: Quarterly Māori Rates & Net Interest Rates of Companies (%) Figure 6: Quarterly Cost Rates of Companies (%)
Figure 7: Annual sales of company buses (one vehicle) Figure 8: Quarterly sales of company buses (one vehicle) Figure 10: Quarterly receipts of company buses (million yuan)
Figure 9: Quarterly sales (cars) of small and medium-sized company members in Tianwind securities, first in the 2018 Gold Cow Award, second in the new wealth in 2020, fourth in the core group. Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities.
He has been employed at Toyota Autotech Center and at Joaquin Securities, with one year of work experience at a car company plus two years of research experience in the automobile industry. The main areas covered are the entire car, the Tesla industrial chain, electronic intelligence, and so on.
Tsao Jie, Assistant Research Assistant, Sindha Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Engineering, Beijing University of Technology, covering, inter alia, motor vehicles, car connections, new driving forces, etc. Ding Ji, Master of Finance, University of Melbourne, covering, inter alia, smart cabins, electric motorization, car preparation, etc.
Xu Guofang, Master of Applied Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, covers areas such as smart driving, commercial cars, etc. What components are not, are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly, related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.