The demand for the beneficiary sector is strong and the company's performance continues to increase. Lungi Green Energy (601012), Main Business Data Point Review, January-September 2022. Company 2022q3 performed brightly, with the same ring ratio increasing. 2022q3, the company expects to achieve total business growth.
Research Assistant: Sujibing, three quarters, price of upstream raw materials silicon has risen significantly, and company Maori rates have been pressured but have benefited from rapid downstream demand, corporate sales of silicon and components have increased by the same amount, adding investment returns
With the launch of the domestic power station project in the fourth quarter, downstream demand continued to grow to a promising level, leading to higher corporate performance throughout the year. The R&D input was significantly transformed, and core competitiveness continued to grow.
On October 13, 2022, the company continued to step up its research and development efforts, with a clear shift in results, as evidenced by the significant increase in patent numbers. By the year, the company ' s Hjt battery conversion efficiency was constantly updating the world record, while the company was creatively opening up.
With the release of new high-efficiency hpbc batteries, the company ' s nuclear core (ttm) competitiveness will continue to improve and profitability will be further safeguarded with the launch of the 4gw and 15gw West Salt energy projects in Thailand.
In the first half of 2022, the company achieved a single crystal silicon export volume of 39.62gw, of which 20.15gw was sold out and self-used 19.47gw; and a single crystal component exit volume of 18.02gw, of which 17.70gw (including the bipv component) was sold out.
87.35mw, self-service 0.32gw. Business expansion in the United States market has been affected by wro, anti-circumvention investigations and uflpa in the first half of the year, but companies have also increased the layout of the European market, and overseas operations have been relatively stable overall. The company plans to invest $10.75 billion in the construction of Eldos in the first half of the year.
The project to produce 46gw single crystal silicon bars and silicon tablets; the project to invest $2.52 billion in the construction of 10gw single crystal components per year of lagoons, which will be further enhanced in the future as the project becomes operational, will enhance the company ' s s silicon, component capacity, enhance the company ' s strengths in size, continuously optimize its productive structure and consolidate its profitability.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.