High performance maintained, and Hpbc was released in the immediate event: the company released its three-quarterly report in 2022, which generated $87,035 million in operating income, compared to the growth of Lungi Green Energy (601012).
The silicon silicon is a smooth profit and a strong leader. The company's \triangleright \60gw in the third quarter of 2022, and we expect the silicon silicon q3 to be at 22-23gw, with a single-watt net profit.
Around 1.2 gross, the ring ratio is almost even. Against a background of persistently high prices of upstream raw materials, the company has adjusted its start-up rate and expansion rates to a moderate degree, has upgraded its capacity and intelligently modified its original production line, and we expect the company to deliver silicon tablets more than 90gw a year.
The components are more profitable, and the hpbc is ready to go. In the third quarter of 2022, the single crystal component was shipped over 30gw. We expect the company to deliver q3 at 12-13gw, the single-watt net profit at 0.14 yuan, and technology such as n/p topcon, n/p hjt continued to increase its research and development investment, creating it.
Sex has developed Hpbc structural batteries and created a number of new technology conversion efficiency world records, refreshing the Hjt battery efficiency to 26.12% on a fully-sized single-size silicone silicon pm6 developed autonomously to keep the industry in the lead.
Annual production of 15gw high-efficiency single-crystal battery project officially operational, new battery technology Hpbc entry risk factors: less than expected light-voltage demand, higher-than-anticipated price fluctuations in the industrial chain, changes in the macro-environment, Sindh Securities Inc.
In 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the new energy vehicle industry.
The Voucher Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the photovoltaic sector, Hu Ying, Research Assistant in the New Energy and Power Equipment Industry, Master of Financial Engineering at the People's University of China, Bachelor of Financial Engineering at Wuhan University, was a Research Assistant in the Workforce for Securities and Mechanics in the Henging Industry and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 for research in the wind and power equipment industry.
He was a research assistant in the new energy and electrical equipment industry, Master of Economic Analysis, University of Sydney, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Nakayama, 2022, and was responsible for research in the new electricity systems and electrical equipment industry, Chen Shujie, a team member, Master of Accounting, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2022 and was responsible for research in the lithium electric materials industry.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindam Securities”) has the qualifications of the securities investment consulting business that the CSRC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.