On 28 October, the company released its tri-quarter report for 2022, which generated business income of $87,035 million, an increase of 55 per cent over the previous three quarters, and net profit of $10,976 million for the mother, an increase of 45 per cent over the previous three quarters; q3 of which was positive.
At the same time, the company announced that it would issue gdds with no more than 606 million shares (8% of total equity)a and apply to be listed on the Swiss stock exchange.
"Acquisitorial Awakening-Lonki Green Energy " , a drop of about 10gw, a 14.5 per cent drop in the ring ratio, mainly due to an increase in the self-service ratio of components, the first three quarters, 2. " Fast track high-speed lead for differentiated new technologies "
Approximately 31gw. Measuring the return on silicon investments in three quarters contributes approximately $1.3 billion; components benefit from exchange gains (three quarters of financial costs alone, $843 million) and single-war profits approximately $0.14/w. Contract liabilities increase significantly, followed by components with high growth times and high levels of profitability up to date.
At the end of September, corporate contract liabilities amounted to $21.6 billion, with an increase of $8.7 billion over the ring, and are expected to increase the contribution mainly from pre-payments for components, predicting higher delivery times for subsequent centralized power station markets and after the introduction of new products differentiated by companies. The net cash flow from company q3 operations was as high as $9.8 billion, with closing currency.
With a fund of $52 billion, the quality of profits is as high as ever, and sufficient funds are available for future research and development on new technologies, rapid expansion of production, and new business expansion. Hpbc’s new projects are coming into production, new products are coming out, and differentiated routes are expected to increase the profitability of its components.
New battery technology has accelerated significantly, with the 15gwhpbc Battery Project in the new Western Aral Zone successfully launched at the end of September, and a global launch is planned for 2 November, at which time the company is expected to display Hpbc physical products and specific parameters that are expected to accelerate the arrival of new orders.
In the n/p topcon/hjt area, solid technological reserves are accumulated, and the original (8621),61357595 hpbc battery technology is expected to assist companies to compete differently in distributed markets and thus gain access to markets
Uwentien’s share and the combined profitability of its components have increased significantly. According to the company’s plan, it is expected that the total of 30 gwhpbc new production capacity in Western and Thai states will reach full capacity in the first half of 2023, with the company’s Hpbc group in 2023.
The output volume of products is expected to reach 20-25gw, with product prices showing less than expected; higher prices of raw materials exceeding expectations; deterioration of the international trade environment; competition; and analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment