The silicon component of the company has continued to grow, and new battery technology has been improving.
Performance increased by 45 per cent in the first three quarters: companies issued three-quarter reports in 2022, income realized in the first three quarters Operating cash flows increased significantly and cost controls improved significantly: net cash flows from companies in the first three quarters were $20.501 billion, an increase of 338.23 per cent over the previous three quarters, of which 2022 q3 received a net inflow of $9.803 billion, compared with the previous three quarters
The sale of silicon components has continued to grow: from the beginning of the year to the present, the company has been actively adapting to market demand and industrial chain changes, adapting its business strategy flexibly, and from January to September 2022, the volume of output of the company ' s main business products has continued to increase, achieving a single crystal silicon product output of over 60 gw and a single crystal component of over 30 gw.
The new battery technology hpbc achieves volume production and the efficiency of the hjt battery is further broken: the company insists on technological innovation to drive industrial progress, increasing investment in new technology research and development, preparing and industrializing the new battery technology, September 2022, the company produced 15gw high-efficiency crystals.
The battery project is officially in production and the new battery technology hpbc is in the production phase; in the same month, the company updated the Hjt battery conversion efficiency to 26.12 per cent on the crop-p-m6 single-size silicon tablets developed autonomously and maintained its industry leadership.
High-quality production capacity continues to expand, with gdr being released to enhance global competitiveness: in August this year, companies announced plans to build a 46gw single crystal silicon rods and slices project, a 10gw single crystal block project for the annual production of lagoons, and a rapid expansion of high-quality production capacity. In the near future, companies are about to issue a global depository (gdr).
The company's core competitiveness is expected to be further enhanced by its listing on the Swiss stock exchange.
International trade barriers risk; industry demand is not as high as expected; price competition is higher than expected; a new coronary epidemic is taking place. Lungi shares: robust growth in performance and high-efficiency battery thickness are higher than expected; photovoltaic policy risks; lower than expected; and new technology prices are less than expected.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.