Lungi Green Power Hjt Battery has a world record of efficiency, new technology has advanced across the board, company Hjt Battery conversion efficiency has reached 26.81 per cent, creating a new world record; before that, Hpbc Power had a world record.
The pool is in the process of producing and publishing Hpbc component products. The company's new battery technology has progressed in all directions, with the company's Hjt battery efficiency reaching 26.81%, creating a new world record: 19 November, Lungi Greene (hereinafter “the company”) announced at the 16th China New Energy International Expo and Summit Forum.
The main development of silicon helium cell conversion efficiency has reached 26.81%, creating a record of current global solar silicone power efficiency, breaking a new record of five years of dust-covered solar cell efficiency. The conversion efficiency has continued to improve, and the quantitative production base has gradually improved: from June 2021 to the present, the company has been very efficient.
The crystal silicone hjt battery development team has continued to break and update the world record of silicon hetogeneous batteries, rising from 25.26 to 26.81 per cent. In addition, the record provides a further basis for the production of high-efficiency batteries through the creation of mass-producing equipment, technology and large-area silicon tablets.
The Hpbc component was officially released, with battery efficiency exceeding 25.3 per cent: the company insisted on technological innovation for industrial progress, increasing research and development investment in new technologies. In September 2022, the company ' s 15gw high-efficiency monocrystal cell project was officially launched, and new battery technology, hpbc, entered the production phase in November.
On 2 February, the company officially released the Hi-mo6 component product, which is based on the Hpbc battery technology, with a standard version of the battery production efficiency out of 25 per cent, and a prototype of hydrogen passivation, which can be over 25.3 per cent and component efficiency 22.8 per cent.
High-quality production capacity continues to expand, and gdr is issued to enhance global competitiveness: in August this year, companies announced plans to build a 46gw single-crysilica stick and slice project, a 10gw single-crystal group of annual lake production, based on market prices on November 18, 2022.
In the near future, companies are about to issue a global depository (gdr) and apply for listing on the Swiss Stock Exchange, which is expected to further enhance the company’s core competitiveness.
2022.11.01 Risks of international trade barriers; industry demand below expectations; price competition over expectations; new coronary epidemic
Qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy operations are higher than expected; photovoltaic policy risks; lower than expected; and new technology value for money than expected.