Lungi Green Energy (601012.sh) Shen Jia updated the record with Hjt technology, accelerated the construction of new components, and suggested “buy-in”
According to company sources, the conversion efficiency of the hex batteries developed by the company itself reached 26.81 per cent, breaking the world record and keeping the company technology ahead, the company will build an efficient 10gw single crystal component project in the city of Guangdong crane, with an estimated investment of 2.5 billion yuan, and the company is accelerating the construction of new components.
By the end of this year, the company will have opened up the volume of new component products and will be expected to gain a greater share of the market; in addition, the company is the backbone of the silicon, is highly integrated, and will be able to maintain a solid overall profitability under cost pressures. We expect the company to make a net profit in 2022 and 2023, respectively.
The company's hjt technology updates its record, release of its hpbc component product: on November 19, the company released news that the battery conversion efficiency had reached 26.81%, breaking the world record of single crystalline silicon solar cell efficiency created by Japanese companies in 2017.
The company’s important technological breakthrough will lead to further optimization of the hjt battery product, closer to large-scale production. The company’s battery technology industry leads in many possible technological directions, including topcon, hjt, etc.
The company officially released a new generation of component products, hi-mo6, at the beginning of the month, using Hpbc battery technology, with a maximum output efficiency of 22.8% (mass product of Hpbc batteries).
The company announced on November 22 that it had signed an investment cooperation agreement with the people's government of the city of crane hill, which will build 10 gw crystals per year in the city of Guangdong.
Institutional investors as a proportion of the share in circulation a component project, with an estimated investment of $2.5 billion. The company expects the project to start production six months after delivery of its own premises and ancillary facilities.
The company has announced since this year that it will invest in the construction of 10gw and 5gw high-efficiency components in Angéro Lake and Ordos, respectively, and that it is expected to start production in the second half of 2023. We expect the company to start large-scale production of new technology products next year, with the prospect of product competitiveness.
The industrial chain is geled, and high-performance products will be the way out: the current industrial chain is so sticky that the price of silicon has not changed significantly, resulting in the component price remaining close to $2/w. Based on feedback from downstream power generating companies, subject to the demand for yield and the impact of the epidemic, q4 domestic loadings
At this point in time, we expect that the price of silicon will be relaxed by the end of the year until the beginning of next year as domestic and foreign demand drops, but because the industrial chain continues to expand, and because of the urgency of new energy transformations at home and abroad, we believe that the price of raw materials will not fall too optimisticly.
While cost pressures cannot be effectively addressed in the short term, we can see that high-performance batteries are currently in a state of supply and demand; we believe that product-to-high-performance overlaps are an effective way to absorb cost pressures, and that higher-valued products will gain a larger market share in the future.
Business leaders are expected to enhance their competitiveness and gain a greater share of the market with new distributed products this year and a new generation of ground products to be launched next year.