On October 28th, 2020, the planetary organisms recovered their performance at a rate of capacity-building for new production and products.
-Territories report for the third quarter of 2020, performance recovery, net interest rate rise, cost stability, market value in circulation (millions of dollars):
The batches of blood products have been relatively stable, and the batches of proteins and stagnates have increased. According to data from the national dollar, 7,37.53 million bottles (-4.39 per cent) were issued in January-September 2020, including 3.61.6 million proteins (+8.33 per cent), 2.4383 million septums (+3.83 per cent),
The amount of blood products in the company as a whole is stable, and the amount of the two main products, protein and static, is the same as the amount of the two major products.
On October 29, the company issued an announcement to issue stocks to no more than 35 specific clients.
In addition, the funds will be used to reassemble the human constriction factor viii, the stratum method of immunoglobin, and the human fibrous proteins.
The three products are expected to complete the iii clinical trial in 2021 and be marketed in 2023, with the return of the most powerful slurry sources and distribution channels, and new production capacity.
Liu Hye-min has maintained an “upgrade” rating. Powdering is less than expected, the impact of the epidemic is higher than expected, and the quality of the product is at risk.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.