Sky Forum Organisms (600161); q3 High Performance, October 30, 2020
The company is the leading industry in the country in the blood industry, where annual slurry is the highest in the country for many years, and the number of blood products in its possession is the highest in the country.
1) q3 high performance: 1,081 million, +12.71 per cent, +213 million, +23.05 per cent, q3 significantly higher than q2. 2q3 profit end growth is higher than revenue end due to: (a) lower cost, with administrative costs of 63 million (-0.73 pt).
R & D costs of $18 million (-2.88 pct); b) net profit from a government grant of $13 million. 3 The steady increase in the issuance of two varieties, influenced by epidemiological factors, led to a decline in the issuance of special-purpose products. 1 grant-raising for long-term growth: about 73 per cent of this amount was allocated to Shanghai Blood, Lanzhou Blood, Chengdu Ping.
Industrial construction, such as condensation factors, with 3% spent on Chengdu's research and development, and 24% on liquidity. The company has the highest slurry scale in the country and is continuously expanding the slurry station layout, increasing the slurry volume from year to year.
In addition, investment in product research and development will promote product structure optimization and raise the company’s ton profit level.
Figure 1: Following the completion of the fixed increase in the share of funds spent on projects to raise funds, the company intends to raise the sum of R$2.59 billion to Chengdu, and the amount of R$ 1.09 billion and 960 million to Shanghai, Lanzhou, respectively. This sum is valued at R$14.5 billion (930 million net profits in 19) and the share in Chengdu will increase further after the replenishment.
Figure 2: 99.1 per cent of pre- and post-replenishment changes in equity structures and limited contribution of the targeted replenishment portfolio.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: the firm ' s bloodline position is strong, slurry upswings, output expansion, variety enrichment and structural optimization will support the East ' s financial and intellectual flourishing natural organisms (600161): q3 has increased performance, with a target of additional funding for long-term growth
Hob's new pharmacology major, 10 years of experience in pharmaceutical research in the securities industry, was a core member of the new wealth team for medicine.
The blood industry has long-standing experience of following up.
In July 2019, he joined the East Hing Portfolio for research in the pharmaceutical industry.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that q3 has increased its performance and has set up a fund-raising campaign for long-term growth.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.