484 million yuan (+3.75 per cent) in healthcare pharmaceuticals, biotech and life sciences and 810 million yuan (+16.1 per cent) in net operating cash flow.
The Development Banka shares, raising no more than $3.34 billion in funds, invested in the restructuring of Chengdu Yongsheng, the Coagnosis Eight Factor Workshop, the Yunnan Blood Products Base and the Lanzhou Blood Products Base, as well as in the recombination of the clinical projects of Coagulation Eight Factor, Dialysis Stereoprote, Human Fibre Protein, etc.
Event 3: The company intends to raise funds from the current issue to replenish Chengdu-chung, with no more than 74.1% of the shareholdings performed as expected. q3 quarter sales revenue of $1.08 billion (+13%) achieved.
Total equity/flow (million shares) fell, hospital terminals recovered, and q4 end demand recovery is expected to be comparable to q3.
Demand has not fully recovered, income has remained at a modest level, with an increase of 0.2 pct, and the company’s stagc promotion is expected to continue. The new production capacity of Yunnan Blood + Land Blood has also highlighted the company’s increased blood base for the future.
The Tianxian Organism (600161), which is performing as expected, has continued to gain confidence in the source of the magma, recombinantly reconfiguring the Coagnosis Ether, the Yunnan Blood Base and the Lanzhou Blood Base, as well as heavy
Rapid performance growth - 2019/08/25 Group condensation octogens, stratum seroprotein, human fibrous proteins.
Blood products have reached 3,600 tons of slurry capacity, combined with production capacity in Wuhan and Guizhou. The new production capacity input of Yunnan Blood + Land Blood has increased the capacity of production security and has also highlighted the company’s future confidence in increasing the blood supply and sustaining the slurry source.
According to the announcement, there are currently three clinical stages of recombining the cdensation factor, diagnoses, human fibers, proteins. There is no recombinant cdensation factor on the market, there is a gap in supply and demand, and there is no recombinant cdensation factor product on the market.
Ning C (10%) is about 30% higher than the previous rate, and the product is more stable and safe, and the production cycle is shorter.
This time, it is expected that the investment fund will accelerate the clinical drive of these varieties and make it available to the market quickly. The proposed fund-raising fund will be used to raise up to 74.01% of the replenishment, and the company will have up to 74.10% of Chengdu's share in Wuhan after the replenishment has been completed.
In the short term, it is expected that blood products will continue to show a steady upward trend. In the medium term, the Chengdu Yongyu project is well under way, and the production capacity of Chengdu will be released on schedule, folding the new product line, and the performance is expected to increase significantly as the slurry expands.
In the medium and long term, the blood industry is expected to compete.
The competition lies in the ability of the company to expand its blood resources. The company has the capacity to continue to acquire the slurry station, increase the amount of the slurry, maintain stability, improve the capacity of the Yunnan blood system and the new production capacity of the Land State blood system, on the one hand, and the ability to provide security and, on the other hand, highlight the company's future expansion of the blood supply and the continued acquisition of the slurry.
Source confidence, growth certainty, growth space. Without considering the increased impact, we expect the sexual production risk to increase the risk of failure.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.