A significant improvement in the performance of o3 and a gradual improvement in the production and distribution of capacity events: the company published three quarterly reports in 2020, which generated operating income of $2.64 billion, an increase of 4.6 per cent over the same period; and a net return of $50 million, an increase of 6.4 per cent over the same period.
q3 Performance has improved significantly, and the production profile has gradually improved: quarterly, the number of plasma stations (including substations) at the company ' s 20q3 camp has reached 59, of which 53 are in the company ' s 53, and the current slurry volume at 2020h1 is about 697 tons, regardless of the number of slurry stations and the size of the slurry company is located in the country.
In terms of production capacity, the company is under the umbrella of Toyoshi, Lanzhou Blood System, Shanghai Blood System, Wuhan Blood System, Five Blood Products Production Enterprises in Guizhou, which are currently producing up to 200 million tons of production capacity, and this collection of funds will be used to build a site for the industrialization of blood-producing Yunnan Biological Products in Shanghai.
In addition, the company plans to build a blood-producing vehicle in Lanzhou, designed to slurry 1,200 tons/year of energy, including human blood proteins and immunoglobins.
Protein and human condensate complexes, etc. Production capacity is gradually released, product lines are constantly improving: 1) Newly produced energy, subsidiaries 1st and " Skyfare Organisms (600161): Performance
The Young-Ann Blood Project and the Shanghai Blood Base at Yunnan, both designed to produce 1,200 tons, will be built up to meet expectations, the company's operations will continue to significantly enhance its slurry capacity, and the increased efficiency of the scale will lead to further cost reductions.
Good 2020-08-28 low, making more profits. 2) In product lines, Chengdu Yongsheng has reorganized the human cdensation factor viii and stratum.
Several central contracts were signed; the C.C.I.R. complex and C.I. viii, which submitted the listing application, were notified of the additional information and completed the submission of the additional information; and the process of grouping the C.I.P.D. clinically tested on the C.P.P.D. is progressing in an orderly manner.
Lead in the blood industry, but there is still much room for improvement in capacity utilization, and the company has more room for growth.