The company's three-quarter report in 2019. In the first three quarters of 2019, the company realized its operating income.
The income of o3 increased steadily, with a decline in the Māori rate and an improvement in the cost rate of 33.32 per cent. Sales, mainly from company batteries, silicon, etc., continued to grow. O3 company has an overall Māori rate of 15.68 per cent, a decline of 6.18 percentage points in the ring, a decline of 2.12 per cent compared to the same year.
The split points are mainly due to the three-quarters downstream demand window period, where battery chips continue to fall. The price of company q3 battery cells is back on the ground, with significant corporate cost advantages.
The company sold about 3.4-3.5gw in three quarters and about 9.4gw in the first three quarters.
20%, down the cost line of old battery production. We expect the company battery business to remain at around 15% Māori, with non-silicon costs of around $0.23/w, keeping the industry in the lead. The company currently has about 12gw battery production, which has been fully produced in the last three quarters.
In the last six months, equities have been at a depth of 300 times 20gw, and new production capacity is expected to match 166 mm and 210 mm silicon tablets, and industry competitiveness will increase. With the q4 season coming, battery film prices are expected to rebound steadily.
The company's sales of silicon in the third quarter were 15,000 tons, with a total of about 38,000 tons in the previous three quarters, which is a significant increase. We expect the company's silicon operations to be more than 20% of the Māori in the third quarter, and the ring ratio is back.
Warm. The company’s silicon production capacity is still at full capacity, with a single crystal ratio of more than 80% of its old capacity. Leysan, a new production capacity, is well uphill and is expected to reach full production in the fourth quarter.
We maintain the company’s “increasing” rating. The light voltage is not as good as expected, the international trade situation is changing, and silicon and battery prices are falling.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.