The company issued a performance announcement for the first three quarters of 2019, which enabled the company to raise $28.25 billion, an increase of 31.03 per cent over the same period; the mother ' s net profit was $2,243 million, an increase of 35.24 per cent over the same period.
The current revenue is 11,901 million yuan, an increase of 33.32 per cent in the same year; the net return to the mother is $792 million, an increase in the same year.
(1) The slow start of the domestic photovoltaic market in the three quarters has resulted in lower battery bill prices; (2) the aquaculture industry has been relatively low and companies have gained market share through partial concessions; in this case, the main reasons for higher corporate financial costs are: (1) the consolidation of multiple crystalline silicon projects; (2)
High-purity silicon: size and cost continue to run. At the end of 2018, the company has developed a high-purity silicon capacity of 80,000 tons, located in Leysan and the first two locations respectively, which is used for single crystals as capacity utilization increases.
The ratio has been rising continuously (80-85% expected by the end of 2019), and the scale effect drives the cost of the battery: reverse expansion, downside costs, higher city occupancy rates. The company has created solar cells with 12gw capacity, which are composted in two locations and Chengdu, respectively, with an additional 8gw capacity in the construction of efficient monocrystal batteries.
At the end of 2019 and the first half of 2020, it is expected that the company’s battery production will reach 20gw, the advantages of which are further highlighted. Meanwhile, three quarters of price falls or will inhibit the industry’s willingness to expand, and firm-market power will continue to rise.
The cost of the former company's single-crystal battery is about 0.2-0.25/w, and, as more large-sized silicon is introduced, the cost of integrated nonsilicon is expected to move closer to 0.2/w. The company is a global photovoltaic industry silicon, battery plate tap, and its size and cost advantages are highlighted.
It is believed that the large-scale start of the domestic photovoltaic industry is expected to reach 20194 to 2020°1, with a steady product price or with a steady pace, adding up to the company's new productive capacity, and the company's future performance will continue to pick up. We anticipate 10.9 times, with the first coverage being given to the company as a “recommended” rating.
1) Photovoltaic demand does not meet the expected risks; 2) photovoltaic industry chain prices fall below the expected wind risks: 3) Battery technological innovation risks.