3-quarterly report performance rating - the bottom of the battery film has passed and silicon will be fully produced.
Incident: The company issued a performance announcement for the third quarter of 2019, during which the company realized a net profit of 2,086 million won on its shareholders, an increase of 32.98 per cent over the same period. Three of the three seasons were full and sold out of battery film operations, contributing to the main profits. The company ' s three-quarter battery business was maintained.
With a full production and sales volume of about 3.4gw, the same year increased by about 110%, with a single crystal perc high-efficiency battery of 2.6gw. As the third quarter price of the battery dropped considerably, 9.1gw contributed $1.18 billion in profits.
The crystalline silicon cell project, which is expected to be completed successively by the end of 2019 and the first half of 2020, further expands the company’s solar cell capacity to 20gw.
At the same time, the company Hit Tongwei shares (600438) is also steadily building the battery-cell test line. As the concentration of the industry’s markets increases, it is expected that it will be able to make a difference.
The company's presence in the solar cell industry will also increase further, the industry's influence will be effective, the industry will continue to be visible, the leadership will be prominent.
The competitive advantage within the industry will be further consolidated by upgrading, adding cost advantages and the accumulation of R & D in the sustainable application of industrial process technologies.
For silicon, the company produces about 1.5 tons of silicon in three quarters, of which Leysan's old and new production is basically full. Silicon is profitable at $900 million and the chemical industry at around $100 million.
In terms of the share of single crystals, Leysan old production has already achieved 82% of single crystals; Leysan's new production card is 80%; the new production product sheet is 50-60% and will be fully operational in the fourth quarter. Cost, Leysan, and new production costs have been reduced.
Within 40,000 yuan/tons, the target cost has been successfully achieved. In terms of current performance, real production can reach about 140% of design capacity, with single crystals at 80-85% efficiency levels in four quarters, accelerating import substitution processes and further easing domestic monocrystal use.
On the traditional agricultural plate, the company’s gavage industry highlights the competitive advantage of the core products of aquatic feed, continues to improve the quality of the products, building core competitiveness and aggregate value ratios. In conjunction with the transformation of the market consumption structure, one goes up.
Tomway shares (600438) - Battery chips are already profitable, silicon will be fully productive, optimize product structure, increase the share of aquatic feed in total feed, increase the proportion of aquatic feed in high-end products such as feed and special feed. In marketing, companies add
Large clients develop and continuously optimize their client structures, focus on high-quality clients, and improve the quality of core marketing networks. At the same time, they actively explore high-quality marketing models, adjust marketing team incentives, implement horse racing mechanisms, and achieve rapid breakthroughs in sales.
The investment proposal is that the company’s photovoltaic plates continue to function, its capacity expands steadily, its products become more popular in the city, and its profitability is increasing.
Tungwee shares (600438) - Batteries are over, silicon is over, Tungwee shares (600438) - Batteries are over, silicon is over.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.