Performance is in line with the expected level of continuous upgrading — Tungwee shares (600438.sh) 19q3 quarterly reports on electrical equipment/power supply equipment 3 quarterly reports issued by the company 2019q1-q3 yielding $28.25 billion, an increase of 31.03 per cent over the same period
On October 25, 2019, Cao Xuant perc battery prices fell and the project construction fell short of expectations.
Seven hundred and ninety million in a single quarter, which is lower than the 960 million profit ring in a single quarter of q2, is due mainly to the transfer to 2020q1 and q2 of the year-long unconnected pyrotechnic project.
During the reporting period, the corporate income ring grew by 19.54 per cent, but the net profit ring fell by 15.95 per cent. The growth in the size of the collection was mainly due to the expansion of the company’s agricultural and photovoltaic sales, while the decline in net profits was attributed to the continuing decline in perc prices.
As a result of the fall of the new energy subsidy policy, the photovoltaic industry chain passed on price pressure, and the price of secret materials fell down to 57 yuan/kg in August.
With the impact of the holdup, supply and demand have changed and the price of the secret material has begun to warm, now rising to $60/kg. The company is expected to deliver 60,000 tons of silicon in 2019, 12gw, 2019q4 silicon is expected to benefit from increased demand.
The company, as a vertically integrated photovoltaic enterprise, has a range of operations covering high upstream, pure crystalline silicon production, medium- and high-efficiency solar battery production, and terminal photovoltaic power plant construction.
2019h1 high pure crystal silicon sales of 228,000 tons, an increase of 162 per cent in the same year, solar cell sales of 6gw, a growth of 97 per cent in the same year, photovoltaic power station installation of 1389mw, an increase of 63 per cent in the same year, and photovoltaic power generation of 825.45mwh., an increase of 146 per cent in the same year.
By the end of the reporting period, the company had developed a high-purity crystalline silicon capacity of 80,000, the half-yearly assessment of the Tonway shares: performance met expectations, with single crystals accounting for up to 80-85% of the total. The production cost of the new project will be as high as 4.
The new production line of 6.4gw battery arrays, which was built in early 2019, is now 12gw solar power, with 110 per cent capacity utilization, and the company expects production to be completed by half a year during the year.
In the case of photovoltaic operations, the company has set up a project to combine fishing farming and photovoltaic power generation in Jiangsu, East, Jiang Soyang, Jiang Xinanchang, Guangxichin, Hubei Tianmen, Guangdong Tianmen, Inner Mongolia soil flag, An Xining, An Qi and County, to develop a single industry model and expand it.
So far, the combined investment cost of the company's photovoltaic project has been reduced to $4/w, and is more competitive in the industry. The investment proposal is that the company is a domestic silicon and battery plate leader, and the battery is in the process of being produced by the end of 2019.
In the first half of 2020, the release of the first half of the year, accompanied by an active deployment of the heterogeneous market, will lead to a significant increase in future performance.
Qinghua University has a bachelor’s and master’s degree in nuclear power engineering, China, for four years, and a foreign company in the United States for three years, and has been involved in nuclear power, fire, electricity, and hydrocarbon projects. There is a deep understanding of the entire industrial chain in the energy sector, with considerable experience in such areas as cost analysis of electricity projects and industrial policy research.
The distribution has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in the present report. What changes? We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a sale or bid on the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to invest in them.