Resource and Environmental Research Center (SRRC) Photovoltaic operations have outperformed their profit margins, and the Quantities have returned to high growth.
2.24 billion yuan (+35.24%), of which 11.901 billion yuan (+33.32%) was earned during the q3 season, with net output growth and lower cost hedges and faster profit growth. Perc battery output can be released on a sustainable basis, adding up supply increases, adding to the late issuance of domestic photovoltaic policies, and 630 robberies at home and abroad.
The q3 demand ring is weak as a result of the end of loading and Europe's summer break, the price of the perc battery q3 fell significantly, and the company's silicon new production capacity is in the climb period compared to the utilization rate of single crystals, and the cost and product structure are not yet at the desired level.
In addition, the financial structure is clearly optimized after swaps and short-term debt swaps.
2. " Efficient and new production capacity is continuously released to achieve a high growth in product output by 2020 at a more affordable rate, supporting a sustained improvement in performance. The company currently produces 12gw (9gw crystals) of battery tablets, which can actually produce up to 15gw at a capacity utilization level of 115%.
At the end of the year, the total capacity of the battery is expected to rise to 20gw.
Tons, with near-realized capacity, the single crystal ratio is expected to rise to more than 80 per cent in 2019, laying a solid foundation for the annual smooth annual profit of the incremental reduction aid and the release of productive capacity.
The supply of silicon amounts to 22-23gw and 80,000 tons, respectively. The year’s supply will be limited and will peak in the production of single crystal silicon tablets, which are expected to maintain a tight balance between the supply of high-quality silicon.
A rebound, and a sharp fall in the price of q3 effectively discourages the expansion drive, will help improve the supply of and demand for battery chips next year. Looking ahead, most of the bid projects are on schedule, except for some land-related progress.
(8621) 61357595 The policy is gradually clear, q1 is expected to slow down, and industrial fundamentals and plate moods are expected to recover gradually.
Domestic policies were lower than expected, the international trade environment deteriorated, and product prices fell more than expected.