It's better to adjust it, and the manufacturing pole is expected to grow. 25 October 2019.
1. Companies issue their third quarter report in 2019. Companies achieved business income of $28.25 billion in the first three quarters of 2019, an increase of 31.03 per cent in the same year; net profits attributable to listed company shareholders of $2,243 million, an increase of 35.24 per cent in the same year; net non-net profits attributable to listed company shareholders of $2,086 million, an increase of 32.98 per cent in the same year.2 Of this, companies achieved operating income of $11.901 billion in the third quarter of 2019, an increase of 33.32 per cent in the same year, an increase of 19.54 per cent in the same year; and shares of listed companies, an increase of 19.54 per cent in the same year.
With the release of the company’s photovoltaic plate silicon and battery plate production capacity, sales growth has driven the company to grow in three quarters. Demand-side support and the release of new output in the industry have affected the price of batteries in three quarters.
This decline led to a decline of 15.68 per cent in the company ' s three-quarters single-season Māori rate, a decline of 2.12 ppt over the same period, a decline of 6.18 ppt over the same period, and an increase of 19.32 per cent over the previous three quarters, an increase of 0.49 ppt over the same period. Meanwhile, at a lower stage in the aquaculture industry, the company gave some concessions to downstream farming clients, resulting in a net return of $792 million over the third quarter, an increase of 7.02 per cent over the same period.
Tungwei shares (600438.sh): The \triangleright continues to optimize product structure, enhanced cost advantages, and the vanguard position is clear. At present, new production capacity of new company-owned Leisan and bagged silicon is fully available, with single crystals distributed.
At the same time, significant gains were made in the second half of the season, 2019.09.
Good for profit: With regard to battery chips, the company currently produces 3gw multi-chips, 9gw single crystals with 12gw battery tablet capacity, at a cost of industry leadership. The company's share in Tungwee (600438): low-treasuries gold, New Week. The 4th and Maroon battery projects were launched in the first half of the year, and new projects will be better compatible with the trend of large silicon tablets in the industry, driving production costs further down; and new technologies.
Redevelopment has delayed the release of new productive capacity in the industry, and the supply and demand of the industry will be better matched.
Prices have stabilized, and later confirmation of profitability has been found. Three quarters of the country’s photo-voltage units are not as large as expected and industrial capacity is released, and the price of the photo-voltage battery is below the price.
Prices fell by 6 per cent, 13 per cent and 14 per cent, respectively; the silicon chain was influenced by the relative stability of the downstream silicon price, which was influenced by the fluctuations in the price of batteries and components
In Beijing, building No. 1 of the 9th Park Street in the west corner of the city, monocrystal demand is still strong and will support the price of the industrial chain; and the release of silicon chain capacity is back and forth from the profitability of the company. In 2020, domestic demand for light-voltage was ready, with high growth of overseas installed aircraft driving domestic manufacturing demand. In January-September 2019, we added 16.12gw light-volts, compared to the previous year.
A decrease of 53.3%, due to the slowdown in the construction process caused by competitive bids and earmarked projects due to land, disbursing, among other things, we expect the size of the domestic photovoltaic machine to be 30-35gw throughout the year. Most of these unbuilt projects will be carried forward to 2020, where they will be added to the price parity project and are expected to be more than 40gw in 2020, which will boost demand from the manufacturing end.
Depending on factors such as overseas vacations, the rate of growth fell to 58%, but recovered to more than 70% in August-September. Global photovoltaic demand is expected to maintain a higher profile, and will effectively boost domestic demand at the end of manufacturing.
Risk factors: Policy support does not match expected risks; force majeure risks; overseas market demand does not match expected risks; production and release processes do not match expected risks; industry competes for cycles and growth to drive industry development. Chen Jian, Research Assistant, Master ' s degree from Jilin University, Constituency Securities Research and Development Centre, July 2018, is currently engaged in new energy research.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, and the securities or investments referred to in this report are not addressed to the public.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.