Four-quarter performance improvement is evident, with light-quantitative chassis expected to contribute to elasticity in performance Date: 21/01 2020 - Tupou Group (601689)
The performance of McCord International Holdings (Hong Kong) improved significantly in the fourth quarter of the year compared to the same period, with a clear trend towards performance: in 2019 the company projected a significant decline in the amount of $10,000, net of non-recurring gains and losses to be attributed to the listed company shares
The main reason for the decline in the performance of the Division is the high pressure on the sales volume of mainstream cars due to the downside of the domestic passenger industry. In fact, on a quarterly basis, the performance of four quarters is the same.
The sharp improvement in the company’s performance in the fourth quarter, compared to the previous year, is largely due to the improvement in the sales of key clients, G.I. F. F. F. F., especially 403,000 vehicles in the fourth quarter, an increase of 10.8 per cent over the same period, and the addition of Tesla.
Promodel3 orders are expected to contribute to some of the growth in performance and, overall, the company will benefit fully from the weak recovery in the traditional car industry and the high volume of new energy customers, such as Tesla and Urn, whose performance is expected to pick up on a sustained basis.
The depreciation amortization effect is expected to be reduced by the fact that goodwill impairments were lower throughout the year: in 2017, the company acquired $279 million in goodwill formed by Zhejiang Tokang and Sichuan Mygau, as a result of the two companies ' performance in 2019 _aaa_Top Group (601689) evaluation report
The sales revenue of $660 million fell by 11.8 per cent and the net return of the mother was $45 million, down by the same year.
Cho Chunlin, where capital expenditure continued to increase, pressure from depreciation amortization of fixed assets continued to increase, peaking at about 6 per cent of income from depreciation of 2019h1 fixed assets in 2019
A strategic reduction in capital spending of $610 million in the first three quarters of 2019 compared to the same period last year, the medium- and long-term light and quantitative chassis continues to contribute to the elasticity of performance, with three major operations working together to build a new chapter: automobiles, body and chassis, which are the most important areas for light and quantitative cars, and the firm's deep-drawing chassis, which is light and quantifiable.
From a client's point of view, autonomous brands, new energy customers need a light-quantized chassis, which can continue to contribute to the company's elastic performance over the long term, driven by the company's demonstration of high-quality customers such as Gilly, Tesla, Uri, Biadi, etc.
Synergy between the three major e-car operations among key clients can combine to scale up companies. Significant improvements in performance and a larger growth space for light-quantitative chassis are given an “enhanced” rating.