\triangleright \triangleright \triangleright, the main cause of the decline in coal sales prices, according to wind data, is the concentration of coal with sarcophagus.
In addition, the decline in coal sales was one of the reasons for the release of performance. The price of 23q4 sarcophagus rose by 200 yuan per ton, so we expect 23q4 companies to perform better.
\triangleright \triangleright expansive expansion of production capacity, with wide space for future asset injections.
71 coal mine assets owned or managed by level I subsidiaries (and their subsidiaries) of the mining industry, Ho Coal Power and West Mountain Group, with an authorized capacity of 11.5 million tonnes/year; and in 2021, the Mountain West Coal Group was integrated through a professional reorganization involving 46 unlisted coal mines (including coke in the possession of 12 enterprises hosted by the China-Sin-Sang Coal Trust)
Coal mine assets), with an authorized capacity of 47.4 million tonnes/year. The total of the two consists of 117 coals with the mountain west. 1. Coal west (000983.sz) competing coal mine assets with an approved capacity of 167.55 million tonnes/year.
Assessment: Performance met expectations, marginal improvement in the price of coke followed by unmarketed coal mines and specialized recombinant wells held by enterprises belonging to them, while meeting conditions
With the necessary decision-making in place, a 23-year quarterly review of the stockholders of listed companies, including acquisitions, mergers, reorganizations, etc., takes stock rates as innovative and high-quality assets, starting the process of infusing such assets into Shanxi Coal within a two-year period, depending on the circumstances.
At present, the country’s coal industry policy, licensing requirements, and the coal market environment are some of the initial projections, which are expected to be full of 3.Cyber Coal (000983.sz) for the year 2022.
4. Tri-quarterly report of Shanxi Coal (000983.sz) 2022: high performance, attention to 22q4 price repairs and asset note 5.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.