Quantities fall back on performance, and the fourth quarter rise is expected to contribute to the improvement of the performance of the ring. Events: 3-quarter report released on 25 October 2023 on coal in Shanxi, 3rd quarter 2023, coal in Shanxi (000983)
The company's performance has fallen significantly as a result of the decline in coal prices and sales. According to the Central Chinese Xinhua Hill \triangleright West Coal Coal Price Index, the average value was $1655.55 per ton in the first three quarters of 2023, compared to last year.
At the same time, companies control cost spending, while at the same time capturing production organizations, reducing the impact of coal prices on the company’s performance and profitability. In the first three quarters of 2023, the company’s operating cost was $24,766 million, with an outstanding cost advantage from its high-quality resource endowments, and with the company’s performance rising in four quarters, the company’s performance was reduced.
\triangleright is expected to improve the ring ratio. The coal layers of the company’s mining areas are stable, near-level coal layers, simple geological formations, low mining costs, and high cost advantages.
In the first quarter of 2023, as a result of the decline in other company costs (including security costs, Villian alley costs, source fees, environmental restoration costs, etc.), ton coal production costs were $218.20 per ton, a decline of 16.12 per cent compared to $228.72 per ton for the whole of 2022.
Coal resources are more in line with the new trends in the future growth of the furnaces and the steel industry, and when the economy recovers and the coal industry improves, the company may have more price elasticity and resilience. As prices rise further in the 4th quarter, the company is expected to perform steadily in the 4th quarter.
On October 24, the central treasury will use $500 billion this year to focus its efforts on supporting post-disaster rehabilitation and disaster prevention and mitigation.
Sinda Securities Ltd., disaster shortboard, we're expecting a certain increase in capital investment in the fourth quarter and next year, or cindaseecuritiesco., ltd
We believe that, with the improvement of the economic recovery and the chain of production, the rehabilitation of the 9th House of the House of the City of the West End in Beijing is expected to be more resilient in the chain. On the one hand, the coal is produced in the country.
Supply is almost inelastic and even at the risk of further contraction, while demand is resilient and carries larger expectations, with supply and demand patterns that remain tight in the long term, especially in the context of high-quality steel transformation and high-volved coal or higher-quality primary coal; on the other hand, production.
Promising short-term marginal improvements in supply and demand, such as stronger ground safety regulations and economic stimulus policies such as real estate, are expected to continue to support a strong coal-refining market, with an overall concentration of coal plates undervalued levels (3-5 times greater), and coal blocks or medium- and long-term investment values.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: company-owned rich coal-based coal-fired and high-quality primary coal-fired, with the advantage of \triangleright size, is in the vanguard of the market, with the expectation of sustained follow-up implementation of the good-quality coal asset note
External growth from entry, promising dynamic endogenous energy from efficient operations, future growth values Risk factors: significant decline in coal prices due to a severe macroeconomic downturn, uncertainty in industrial policies \triangleright
Kwang Ming, Doctor, China Mining University, registered consulting (investment) engineer, deputy general manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, member of the China Society of Geology and Minerals, member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation ' s pool of experts, member of the China Price Association ' s Coal Prices Select Committee, formerly a coal worker in China
The Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Service of industry associations (chaired by the Director-General) has been involved in research and consultancy in coal and energy-related fields for more than a decade. He has chaired the 13th Five-Year National Project for Coal Survey and Development, the revision of the coal industry technology policy and enterprise-related consultations. In June 2016, he joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research in the coal sector.
Li Chunzhi, cfa, member of the China Association of Certified Accountants, Master of Finance, Shanghai University of Finance and Economy, Bachelor of Finance, Nanjing University, formerly researched on large energy panels such as Henging Certificate, Electricity and Gas.
Minister, who has worked in coal production for many years, in the technical management of coal production, investment in coal mining projects and management of operations, and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the coal industry. Qin Ho, Master of Arts in Electricity Systems, University of Texas, Austin, United States, with three years of experience in industrial research and electricity market transformation
Ge, Virtual Power Plant Applied Research, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in June 2022 for research in the electricity sector. Xinxuan, Master of Finance, Australian National University, and Bachelor of Finance, Southwest University of Finance and Economics. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the coal and electricity sectors.
Wu Bo-jin, Master of Industrial Economics, Jilin University, July 2022, joined the Sindh Securities Research and Development Centre for research in the coal industry. Lee-Wing, cpa, Master of Accounting, Esen University of Economics and Management, Germany, September 2022, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre for coal industry. Tang Ji-yu, Master of Social Sciences, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Bachelor of Financial Sciences, University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
Liu Po, Master of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2023 for research in the coal sector. The components are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views contained in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.