Shinji Yamako's Censorship Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal Coal (000983.sz)
Economic stabilization measures contributed to the recovery of coal coker prices, focusing on four-quarter performance repairs, low demand for coal downstream in the first three quarters of October 26, 2023, price recovery, and profit recovery of coal plates.
The market value of the liquiditya share (billions) is influenced by international rewinding of coker prices, higher import increases and lower domestic real estate investments:
The average price of coal in the country is down. In January-September, the main price of coal in Beijing Tang port was $2,196/tonne, and the profit effect of the plate was clear. In January-September, the average price of the primary metal in Tianjin port was $2416/t, or 27.84 per cent; in September, the average price of the first metal car board was $2097/t, or 27.10 per cent; and in September, the price of the coke.
Prices fell more than the same period of coal coke, and the cost of crushing the coke plate was lower. Steady economic policy was robust, with double prices rebounding since August, and four quarters of performance is expected to increase; with the remodelling of the mega-cities, the issuance of special state debt to raise the deficit rate, and the early issuance of special-purpose debt, among other things.
In the second phase of economic policy, the marginal improvement in real estate and capital investment began to rise in August, and the main coal in the port of Kyoutong has been on the rise since October at an average price of $2480 per ton, an increase of 16.58 per cent over the average price in the third quarter;
In October, the Australian Peakland Coal Coal Index averaged $369.05 per ton, 33.13 per cent more than the three-quarterly average, 19.21 per cent more than the corresponding; the price difference between domestic and foreign trade continued to be low or even flat, and it was expected that the late Quantities would be around.
By the end of 2022, the company-owned Coal Group, a shareholder with an authorized capacity of 176 million tons of coal, and 182 million tons of coal in 2022, was still growing.
Coal production capabilities are among the highest in the country, including high-quality coal mine assets, and as the state of Shanxi reforms and high-quality development transition requirements continue, group asset securitization will continue to advance, and companies will expand their capacity in the future \triangleright
Macroeconomic growth is not as fast as expected; coal prices are higher than expected down; production is more risky; \triangleright assets are less than expected.
This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, compensated for any form of direct or indirect compensation for any of the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.