Coal (000983.sz) 31/10/2023
Investment ratings: buy-in (maintenance) AAKCP below performance pressure, steady growth policies or boosts coal prices, maintenance of “buy-in” ratings 3 quarterly reports issued by companies, 40.7 billion yuan in operating income achieved by companies in the first three quarters of 2023, corresponding to 16 per cent,
Coal prices have rebounded in the second half of the year, but it is expected that coal prices will continue to fall somewhat in the same year, while prices have slowed down and power operations have improved. Coal operations: in 2023, coal prices were set to go a long way, owing to high expectations of coal imports and limited economic recovery.
The higher ratio of co-coal co-coal is expected to be more profitable if, at the beginning of June, the company reduced the price of the co-coal by about $400/ton as a whole as a result of the relative delay in the adjustment of prices. Non-coal business: benefits from lower coal prices, improved profitability of the power plate, 2023h1 power heat.
At $3.537 billion, or 7.99 per cent of the year, the Māori rate was 0.99 per cent, an increase of 9.51 percentage points from the same year. Considering that the average powered coal ring continued to fall in the third quarter as compared to the second quarter, it is expected that three quarters of the company ' s electricity operations will experience a steady increase in profitability that will boost the demand for coal and improve the price of tons of coal.
Beneficiary benefits of coal burning under stable growth policies: Central Political Bureau meetings reflect a higher level of political growth than expected, multiple levels of support to the layout, especially for real estate, without reiterating the “household-in-work”, various taxes and charges on real estate transactions, reduced first-shelter down-payment, non-priorization of housing, etc., which are expected to be followed up by a new start-up on real estate.
With the marginal improvement, the increase in the country’s debt of $1 trillion has been invested mainly in post-disaster reconstruction, which has contributed to improving the demand for steel from the capital level, and to the increase in the cost of coal. Double-collar prices are expected to remain high, and the price of tons of coal sold has been raised by the agreement of the President: in the context of the upgrading of security, it is difficult to notice a significant increase in the rate of coal construction, starting with the backstream steel plant at the end of the second quarter.
The q2 fall in the price of coal under pressure, a steady growth policy, a larger pool, and no increase in the stock of coke in steel plants, indicating the actual demand for coke in steel plants or the price of boosted coal - the company's semi-annual report.
By October 25, 2023, the main coal market in Shanxi was in the form of tons, which helped to improve the price of tons of coal sold. The demand for coal refined has improved – the company’s annual report is looking forward to an evaluation.