Kyodonga (000725.sz) 21st year, the world's second-highest, technology-driven operation of steady lifting electrons and optical electrons.
The year 21 saw a 61.8 per cent increase in the same year and a 413.0 per cent increase in the same year ' s net return to the mother. 21 years of company revenue huhui2@guosen.com.cn was high, although the price of lcd fell in the second half of the year, and the company was actively depressed by adjusting the product mix.
Gross fluctuations; 2) company-led shipments rose rapidly, with the first single month of December reaching tens of millions. Māori rose from 9.16 pct to 28.87% in 21 years, and Māori 4q21 declined. The lcd industry continued to be high in the first half of 21 years, with the company ' s Māori ratio rising further from 28.16% in 4020 to 2021 and 2021 in the first half of 21 years.
With the end of the lcd expansion, we see a shift from the past supply-side backbone to demand-side dominance, and the company is expected to achieve “the strongest” by size, technology, and product advantage. Technology drives steady liftings, and income from innovative business increases rapidly.
The revenue growth ranged from 64.3 per cent to $202,219 million for the same year, with 37 per cent for the same area of sale, 9.76 pct to 26.36 per cent for the same year, while the market for mainstream lcd products, such as smart phones, tablets, laptops, monitors, video, etc., was the highest in the world. In addition, the 21-year Internet Innovation Business Camp
For 28,379 million yuan (yoy:48.0 per cent), for smart medicine, 1,847 million yuan (yoy:25.8 per cent), and for mled, which continues to work in the field of “leeds” with an increase of nearly 60 per cent in 21 years. According to the intelligence advice data, in 21 companies, the volume of goods delivered by “leeds” was about 60 million, an increase of nearly 60 per cent, the second highest in the world.
On the other hand, there has been a steady improvement in the quality of the Chengdu, Myangyangaoled production line and a successful delivery of the product line. On the client side, the company continues to be a global front-line label for glory, oppo, and Huatsu.
A screen with high-end flexible display technology based on folding cellular phones, folding notebooks, etc.; in addition, A-000725-Foundation Review: The Panorama is no less than expected - according to cinno, the company's market share in iphoneoled in 22 years will be close to 20%, and the volume of delivery will be equal.
The performance rating for the years 2010-20 for the country’s credit card, a-000725, is two to three times higher than expected. We appreciate that the company’s business of the business of the firm of the firm of the firm of the firm of the firm has achieved a loss-of-loss and has become a new profit-growth point. The semi-annual review for the year of the Kyoto East of the country of the year of the year of the year 20000725-2019: performance met expectations, stock ranking.
Investment Recommendations: As the industry subsides, we look forward to the firm ' s growing profitability.
Figure 2: Corporate income from single quarter operations and rate of increase in the same year, Figure 3: Corporate net profit and rate of increase in the same year, Figure 4: Corporate net profit and rate of increase in the same quarter
Figure 6: Corporate sales, management, R & D, financial cost rates Figure 5: Corporate Māori aggregates, parent net interest rates, period cost rates Investment proposals: As industry cyclically fades, we look forward to a gradual increase in the profitability of corporate lcd operations.
At the same time, the unled business is expected to be a new growth point in corporate performance. We expect that the data used in the 22-24 years of corporate business revenue and the author's assurance that the reports are based on compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks independence, objectivity, impartiality, and that the conclusions are not subject to any third party's approval or influence; and that the author has not studied them in the past, now or in the future.