The South-West Securities Research and Development Center (WSRDC) is strong.
• Cycle + growth double-wheel drive, showing high business growth, and strategic shift in the “1+4+n” enterprise booster networking strategy. In 2021, high corporate performance was mainly due to the fact that the panel industry continued its longest weather cycle in history in the first half of the year.
The leading industry, actively adjusting its product structure to respond to panel price retrenchment, maintaining a better level of profitability; in the case of oled, the company works closely with its customers, and the volume of goods is rising rapidly. At the same time, the company’s “1+4+n” group has semiconductors at its core, sensors and solutions, mled, intelligence.
Systems innovation, smart healers, four major causes of innovation and continuous deepening of the transition to physical networking, upgrading of the city’s efficiency to benefit from improved production capacity and market competition in the lcd sector, and increased corporate profitability and control over prices. lcd is now the most dominant display panel with more than 90% capacity supply due to low voltage in its work.
The advantages of low productivity and technological maturity are expected to remain the mainstream of the global market for some time to come. Starting in 2022, with the complete clean-up of the three-star lcd panel line, the global capacity of the lcd panel is expected to be further concentrated in land plants, with companies as industry leaders, their ability to control prices and their profit center expected to be upgraded.
The company’s sales to large mobile customers are expected to be significantly reduced. The oled panel is currently in rapid development because of its lightness and resilience, and its volume is rising from year to year.
Soled has made it possible to import major mobile phone brand clients, and the bulk of major customers in the United States, a share of which is in Kyoto Easta (000725); the industry has a high profile, and the third phase of the b12 production line is also planned to extend its use from cellular to int and vehicle, and the company is planning to extend it.
The size of the panel tap (2021-09-06) and the global market share are expected to expand further. Scenario 1: the company as a global semiconductor displays the flagship, which first benefits from the start of the second half of 2020 in the first half of 2021
In the second half of 2021, prices fell as face-to-face demand weakened, and companies highly restructured their product structure and maintained better levels of profitability. In 2022, prices are expected to warm back around the second quarter, and prices for the tv panel are expected to start running in the second half of the year; and in the second half of 2022, supply and demand are expected to start running in the run-up to the World Cup.
During the extension period, the supply-demand relationship is expected to be reversed. The company’s flexible production lines help it adjust its business layout to safeguard its ability to make a profit from fluctuations. In the first half of 2022, the company is expected to show a degree of supply-demand impact on the panel industry, and in the second half of 2022, the company is expected to show a price rebound as the supply-demand shift begins.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.