High expansions, high performances, and rises in the middle-recession on 29/04/04/2022 with robust performance growth and a higher rate of recovery. As of 22 q1, the year-on-year increase ring ratio -1.2 pct.
\triangleright net profit relative to year-on-year growth loops is smaller -0.8 ptt. The same-year increase in revenue is split by the same-year increase in net interest income -2.2 ptt, mainly due to a significantly narrower net difference in interest rates; the net fee income is higher than the same-year increase in income.
The effect is growing; other non-interest income increases at a similar rate, despite the decline in the ring, remain at a high level, mainly as a result of a significant increase in investment earnings from the restructuring of investments and the upgrading of liquidity. In terms of net profit contribution factors, the expansion of norms provides a solid and stable support, with reduced counter-bulk profits and a positive pull effect.
Strong, the drag effect of a narrow net income spread has been reinforced. On a single season, the yield-on-year acceleration ratio - 4.8 pct, low base gold squid credit investment is positive, promising to drive the net interest differential to a positive level. 22 q1 one-season calculation of the net rate difference ring ratio - 8 bp.
Mostly affected by the decline in interest-bearing asset return (calculation) ring 12bp. As at 22q1, loan-to-interest-bearing liability cost ratio ring 4bp accompanied by the continued release of wealth management effectiveness, low-cost debt deposition is projected 1. The Pasifika Bank (601658.sh) explained in 2021 that:
As a whole, the net difference in the post balance or the stability of the post balance has nearly doubled, the “new king of retail sales” is rising, the quality of assets is stable, and the provision coverage is still high. As of the beginning of the year, the negative rate was at 22q1.
\triangleright \triangleright, the rate of concern and the rate of delay rose by 1 bp, 4 bp, respectively, mainly as a result of the decline in the ability of micro-enterprises and individual clients affected by the epidemic to pay back.
In the context of the country’s efforts to encourage large banks to reduce their supply rates in an orderly manner, the quality of assets is expected to become more robust, with the potential for upgrading the hub. Inclusive finance is advancing.
The net increase in total lending is 19.4%; the balance of inclusive micro-lending is over $1 trillion, and the ratio of total lending is at the forefront. Inclusive finance is vast, especially the acceleration of national strategies such as “village revitalization” that will give the Postal Bank such a broad-based “frontier” growth.
Investment recommendations: high profit growth, significant wealth management gains, high profit growth, significant wealth management gains and upturns; one-season netting differentials; drops, asset-end structural improvements combined with continued wealth management, promising marginal improvements; asset quality assurance
Maintained stable, provisioned coverage remains high, and the quality is expected to be more robust, guided by an orderly downscaling, as shown in figure 1: the rate of increase in performance and total assets of the Provident Bank up to 22q1 and in figure 5: the rate of increase in loans and total assets up to 22q1 as at 22q1 (%)
Figure 6: Equal rate of increase in performance by PBRD up to 22q1 (single season) Figure 7: Disaggregated end of PBG ' s measured net interest difference up to 22q1 season Figure 8: PBN ' s non-performing loan rate up to 22q1
Figure 9: Reserve Bank ' s level of provision up to 22q1 Summary of data projections for corporate financial statements Methodology and analytical logic to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.