Postal Bank (601658): Keeping the profits up fast and upgrading the wealth management system
Incidents: On 30 March, the Bank published its annual 2021 report, and the Bank was positioned to serve the “three farmers” and urban and rural residents and small and medium-sized enterprises at 0.64 per cent, 11.86 per cent, an increase of 0.04 per cent and 0.02 per cent, respectively.
The Postal Bank provides services to the most dynamic clientele in China’s economic transition, with a higher annual rate of revenue and net profit growth.
The Bank has 11.4% and 18.6% of its profits are growing faster, and its main contributions include: 1) robust growth in size, cut off excellent asset quality and significant growth potential, and China leads the way.
Large retail commercial banks. In the face of China’s economic and social development, net income increased by 33.4 per cent over the year, other net non-interest income increased by 67.6 per cent over the same year; and) provision for less than the same amount, there are promising strategic opportunities for further development.
Thanks to improvements in the quality of assets, a decline in the rate of unsound production and a forward-looking provision for the same period the previous year,21 comprehensive reform innovations were further advanced to accelerate the “specialization, corporate credit impairment loss of 7.46 per cent, loan impairment loss of 45.15 per cent, credit of 45.15 per cent and credit of the same year”.
Integrating, lightening, digitizing, consolidating” transformations, with reduced costs and a clear impact on the provision of counter-bullying profits, continue to improve the economic performance of the service entities and focus on improving the ability of the service clients to do so.
The savings-pricing reform dividend is gradually released, contributing to the stability of the net difference.
The 21-year net difference of 2.36% is 6bp below the same year; the average interest rate on deposits has risen, mainly as a result of a decline in the pricing of loans. Companies manage their asset liabilities on an active basis to ease the pressure on interest differentials.
In recent years, companies have been increasing lending, especially high-yield retail loans. At the end of the debt: benefiting from deposit pricing reform dividends, deposit costs are expected to drop.
More broadly. In addition, the company has taken the initiative to reduce long-term high-cost deposits, which are carried over with finance and funds, and the structure of the deposits has been optimized, with savings costs expected to decrease.
The wealth-management strategy has advanced, leading to rapid growth in retail sales, aum. The Postal Bank is positioned as “three farmers” and urban and rural residents, as well as small and medium-sized enterprises, with a strong retail feature based on the “own-account-and-agent” model.
Since 2019, companies have stepped up their efforts to build wealth management systems, strengthen client stratification, organize professional finance managers, improve product lines and integrated financial services, and promote capacity-building in research and development.
The rate of non-performing loans was 0.60%, a decrease of 19bp. Concern was expressed at the loan rate of 0.47%, a decline of 6bp.
Investment proposals: Retailing by the Postal Bank is distinctive. There is a higher growth than other state-owned big banks. Under the self-employment plus agency business model, the company’s network is deep down, its customer base is strong, its liabilities are strong and its liabilities are strong; asset-end architecture is optimized and there is greater scope for excavation, which is expected to stabilize asset-end receipts through restructuring.
Tianxy@dxzq.net.cn is growing fast. At the same time, assets are of good quality and there is more room for release. We expect the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Figure 2: Postal Bank net profit of 4q21 seasons increased by 2.7 per cent over the same period. Figure 3: Postal Bank splits 2020, 2021 performance.
Figure 4: Steady growth in interest-bearing assets of the Postal Bank in 2021 Source of Eastern Financial Intelligence: Postal Bank (601658): Maintenance of faster growth in profitability and accelerated upgrading of wealth management systems
Schedule: Corporate Profit Forecast Tables Source of Eastern Finance and Surgery
The University of Cambridge, England, has a master’s degree in finance and economics.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Postal Bank (601658): Keeping the profits up faster and accelerating the upgrading of the wealth management system does not guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information purposes only. The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.