Summary: PBRD ' s net profit in 2021 was $76.17 billion, an increase of 18.65 per cent over the same year.
The net interest income grew by 6.32 per cent over the year, while the net income of the surcharge grew by 33.4 per cent over the year, and the non-interest income grew by 50.4 per cent over the year.
The reserve bank’s performance continues to grow faster, on the one hand, with positive, revenue-side performance, fees and other non-interest-free co-opts, on the other hand, with an incremental provision for less contribution performance. The annual asset reporting quality and stock allocation advantages are still in place, fees and other non-interest-free growth, and operations are well under way, reflecting the company’s wealth.
The success of strategies such as management has been remarkable, with business upgrades and income growth proving that the “big bank” can grow, and the continued rapid increase in fees and the effectiveness of the upgrading of wealth management have been highlighted by the increase in fees from 33.4 per cent to 33.4 per cent in the same year and 36 per cent to 36 per cent in the single quarter of the fourth quarter.
The growth was faster, wealth, bankers, trustees, bank cards, and multiple openings, agents, bankers, and 103%. Among these, agency contributions were most prominent, and firms accelerated the upgrading of their wealth management systems, resulting in a shift from single-product sales to customer multi-assessing, proxy insurance, surrogate funds,
The rapid growth in sales income, such as the proxy asset management scheme, which accounts for $5.17 billion in fiscal revenue, has been matched by a steady and rapid increase in client base and active management, which has led to a 67.6 per cent increase, mainly in investment-related income, as well as in the contribution of the Fund’s investments and transactions.
Asset quality is smooth and the industry's top priority is sustained quality excellence. 20210829 The downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected, and regulatory controls that are better than expected.
Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting business. Summary: Postal Bank net profit of $76.17 billion in 2021, an increase of 18.65 per cent over the same period. Performance growth is mainly due to size, non-interest and provision.
Net revenue from interest increased by 6.32 per cent over the year, net revenue from fees increased by 33.4 per cent over the year, and non-interest income increased by 50.4 per cent over the year.
Growth, with a number of operational flowers, reflects the remarkable success of strategies such as corporate wealth management, which have been demonstrated by business upgrading and income growth, the four-quarter growth in size of the “Big Business” and the continued rapid increase in fees and the effectiveness of the upgrading of wealth management.
The fees increased by 33.4 per cent over the same period and by 36 per cent during the single quarter of the fourth quarter. The fees increased faster for each line of operations, with a number of items of wealth, investment, hosting, bank cards and other operations growing by 89 per cent, cashiers, trustees, trustees, settlements, bank cards and other operations, respectively.
Growth, management income of $5.17 billion, an increase of 23.15 per cent. Fees increased by 6.9 per cent compared to 1.14 percentage points compared with the corresponding increase, with a solid base of clients and active management driving and fast-growing fees. Other non-interest gains of $27.37 billion, an increase of 67.6 per cent, were derived mainly from changes in investment returns and fair value. Investment returns of $16.17 billion, an increase of the same year.
The asset quality is stable, with the highest rankings in the continuing industry 0.82 per cent poor, with a focus on loans at 0.47 per cent, poor loans at 0.47 per cent, poor loans at the top of the industry, and an improvement in the indicators for poor recognition, with a flat rate compared to the three quarters, a 1.25 per cent increase in the negative loan balance compared to the three quarters, with a basic stability.
Corporate reports report the impact of changes in the quality of the assets of individual large-scale companies, with negative loans increasing by $1.36 billion, $910 million and $760 million respectively in the Yangtze Delta, the Ring Sea and the West, respectively, and an increase in poor water, environmental and public facilities management in industry. 418.61 per cent of the provision was increased by 10.6 percentage points, a decrease of 4 percentage points from the previous three quarters, and continued high coverage in industry.
Banks, as a pro-cyclical industry, have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development. An ambitious view of economic development affects the business and profitability of the real economy, thus affecting the asset quality performance of the banking sector.
Financial regulation is over-expected. Since 2021, regulation of hidden government debt and real estate regulation has intensified, while continuing to direct banks to the real economy, but if financial regulation is expected to over-market, it will affect the performance of banks’ profits.
Postal Bank