Conch Cement (600585.sh) [Annual Review of Construction Materials] Conch Cement (600585); projected price increases in 2020 are stable and profitable
During the reporting period of the company ' s recent 2019 annual report, it achieved business income of $128,403 million by 22.30 per cent a year, a small increase in the price of self-produced cement and clinker, with 160-dollar innovations in tons of Maori, a sales volume of 323 million tons of cement clinker in 2019, an increase of 8.60 per cent over the same period; and revenue from the sale of its own products.
Gircon Cement (60585): Tons of revenue from company cement and clinker products in 2019 $340, ton cost $180, ton of Māori 160.
This is an increase of $9, $6 and $3, respectively; a slight increase in the price of cement over 19 years and a slight increase in profitability.
(600176). Demand recovery has been determined, with sales reaching 109 million tons, an increase of 54.64 per cent over the same period. Companies have continuously refined their marketing strategies, reporting on conch cement in long triangles, communications materials.
The Pearl Triangle and the sea-coastal coastal areas are actively promoting the construction or leasing of water routes such as transit depots, and are actively engaged in trade (600585). The prices have risen substantially in the first half of the year, with a view to further improving market layout and enhancing market control.
During the reporting period, corporate bone business achieved income of RMB 1,022 million, an increase of 26.1 per cent over the same period, and a Māori rate of 70.6 per cent, an increase of 1.4 percentage points over the same period, mainly as a result of enhanced national and local governance of mineral resources and environmental protection, continuous improvement in market supply and demand, and steady increases in product sales.
q4 income rose by a net profit on a year-on-year decline, the net profit increase due to the impairment of the asset of $1,164 million was less than expected, and the net profit increase is lower than we had previously been expected, owing mainly to the environmental and relocation effects of the q4 sales, as well as to the fact that the net profit increase is lower than we had expected because the q4 asset impairment of $1,164 million.
163.78 per cent, mainly of the sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-sub-subsidy investment in the development of rotary kiln process research and devulcanization technology projects with domestic and foreign capacity and continued expansion of production capacity During the reporting period, corporate capacity continued to expand, with the construction of 2 new cement mills, 10 bone items and 3 more
At the same time, the company actively and securely pursued its internationalized development strategy by strengthening its overseas deployment and expanding its overseas market, improving the overall operational quality of the completed project, completing the construction of the Lao Xianbra State project, and moving ahead with ongoing and planned projects in South-East Asia, Central Asia, etc. In addition, the company continues to strengthen the sea around the "one-way" route.
In the reporting period, the company added 900,000 tons of clinker capacity, 6.25 million tons of cement capacity, 16.9 million tons of bone capacity and 2.4 million cubic metres of commercial concrete capacity. At the end of the reporting period, the company produced 253 million tons of clinker capacity and cement.
With a capacity of 359 million tons, a bone capacity of 55.3 million tons, and a commodity concrete capacity of 3 million cubic metres, it is expected that prices will remain high in 2020 and that, according to our research, the phenomenon of catching up will become apparent at the present time, and the company will continue to grow at 2-5%.
(b) The risk of rising coal electricity prices.
Xu Jialine, author with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding. The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views, seeks independence, objectivity and impartiality, and concludes that no third party is involved.