Tail cement (600585.sh)/building materials performed well, with long-term holding options increasing by 22.30 per cent over the same period; net return to mothers by $33,593 million, increasing by 12.67 per cent over the same period; realization of withholdings
The net profit from non-repatriation was $32.719 billion, an increase of 9.73 per cent over the same period. By split, 19q4 achieved operating income of $46.274 billion, a decline of 8.6 per cent over the same period; net profit from repatriation was $9.777 billion, an increase of 7.5 per cent over the same period; and companies planned to find a gold dividend of $2 per share, a share of 31 per cent.
The increase was 9.27 per cent over the same period; trade revenue was $38.349 billion, or 52.12 per cent over the same year; clinker revenue was $70 million for the cement business, or 15 per cent below the same year. The firm’s most core cement business grew steadily, while other operations grew rapidly in double digits. As a result of last year’s trade business revenue base,
In addition, despite falling demand and falling production in October due to the 70th anniversary, the demand for cement was very strong in November and December, and the earlier spring seasons had led to a similar increase in production due to the willingness of construction workers to catch up.
Sales growth was the main driving force behind the growth of the cement business: during the reporting period, the national production of cement increased by 8.4 per cent over the same period, faster than in the first half of the year, by 2.4 per cent.
The growth in capital and real estate has kept the demand for cement high. Moreover, the demand in the company’s region is slightly higher than expected, with steady growth in performance, particularly in the east and centre of China, where supply and demand relations continue to improve, so that the volume of sales increases faster than in the country.
3q3 shows steady growth and long-term values highlight the average of 2.3 pct, with a steady rise in the city’s share. The company’s output is $340.8 per ton, a year-on-year increase in corporate profitability and a very high cash flow: 33.29 per cent of the company’s total Māori rate during the reporting period.
The net real interest rate of the company would be higher as a result of the loss of 1.16 billion assets in 19 years. The trade business share is now stable, and its impact on the combined Māori rate is gradually decreasing. By branch, the cement business Māori rate is 47.1%, a decline of 0.32 ptt, and the clinker business Mār.
Although the price of cement products rose slightly in 19 years, the Māori rate of the cement business dropped slightly due to the cost of raw materials. The company ' s ton of cement clinkers was $157.85, an increase of $2.75 over the same period last year, the highest level ever.
Corporate costs are better controlled. During the reporting period, company sales rates, management rates, financial rates were 2.8 per cent, 3.0 per cent, -0.8 per cent, up - 0.1 per cent, 0.1 per cent and -0.5 per cent, respectively. In addition, during the reporting period, net operating cash flows to companies were $40.7 billion, representing an increase of 12.98 per cent over the same period, and cash and accounting in the balance sheet.
The combined amount of property exceeds 70 billion and cash flows are abundant, while sufficient cash flows will help future companies look forward to 2020, with a quarter of sales pressure that does not affect year-round performance: in the short term, q1 is affected by the epidemic, the cement market is slow to resume work, transport is severely restricted and dealers are less willing to take delivery.
Demand for the end in February is almost stagnant; in March, despite the beginning of a gradual recovery in the market, the recovery in demand for cement was relatively slow, owing to the continued prevention of the epidemic and the low rate of worker arrival. It is expected to be affected around the end of March. But the pattern of supply and demand for cement is still relatively benign in the medium term.
Changes have been made, environmental protection and mine control remain stringent, with a net additional clinker capacity of about 10 million tons, equivalent to 1 per cent of the capacity, which is more manageable overall. Second, at the demand end, the infrastructure and property role as the bottom of the economy remains resilient, long-triangular integration and local supply and demand under construction in the Bay of Australasia.
The effect of the epidemic on cement demand is only to delay rather than disappear. So this year’s supply and demand situation is likely to be balanced. Investment advice: In the medium and long term, the cement industry is constrained by declining demand, with supply side effects over the past few years.
But we believe that the conch's cost advantage, the industrial chain's advantage, and the financial advantage still exist, so that the conch is expected to achieve a moderate increase in the pool at the bottom of the industry in the future, thus restoring a higher level of profitability in the next up-cycle. And the conch is higher.
The rate of dividends also highlights its long-term value, which is an excellent cash cow. Investors are advised to look long.
Benchmarks (unless otherwise indicated).