Tail cement (600585); M&A and overseas expansion support for a new phase of development
Conch cement is mainly engaged in materials such as cement, clinker and bone materials, which is 33.593 billion yuan, an increase of 22.30 per cent and 12.67 per cent, respectively, with a return of $6.34 per share.
In 2019, the company had a low Māori (second in the case of companies, the poles of the Chinese and world cement industries, to 24.42 per cent), and the increase in trade operations was much faster than in the sale of their own products, pushing up the growth rate.
To benefit from the country-wide higher profile of the cement industry, the sale of cement clinkers from the company grew by 8.60% in 2019, with an average price of $339.83/t in tons, or 2.48% in the same year. But the rise in prices did not lead to an increase in the Māori level, owing to the sale of corporate products.
The increase in the share of Class 42.5 cement, where a larger share of clinker is sold, and the cost of cement clinker from the ton of the product increased by 3.08 percentage points from 2018 to the point where the increase in the average ton cost and ton sales offset each other, resulted in a slight decrease of 0.31 percentage points in the Māori ratio of the company from the sale of its product.
The company continued to hand over a statement in 2019, amounting to a cash bull stick, and the net cash from its operations over the reporting period went up by $40 billion, with a point of increase to 20.39%. The distribution of $2 cash per share was planned for 2019.
In the future, as China’s economic growth slows down, the government’s countercyclical policy is clearly based on the intention that the demand side of the cement industry will not experience a major upturn. Unlike the previous demand-driven industrial cycle, the upturn from 2016 to the present is more evident.
The improvement in the pattern of competition brought about by sector-side supply reforms, so that future demand in the sector, even if volatile, can be stabilized by major supply-side firms with strong market control and synergy between them.
In 2019, two new cement mills, three commodity concrete projects, and 10 bone items were added, and the company actively promoted overseas market construction and the expansion of the cement industry chain in the face of limited capacity for new cement production in the country.
In 2019, the company's overseas market generated 2,356 million yuan, a significant increase of 74.55 per cent over the same period, and Māori, an increase of 11.64 percentage points. The company was also active in expanding its new business along the cement industry chain, with the construction of bone production capacity accelerating, with the company's bone and stone operations increasing by 26.10 per cent in 2019 by 1,022 million yuan.
Development of capacity to maintain a firm's “very recommended” investment rating.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports conch cement (600585); M&As and overseas expansion support for a new phase of development.
The research assistant provides an overview of the researcher’s own views.
East Hing Securities reported conch cement (600585); M&A and overseas outreach support for a new phase of development.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.