Materials  conch cement: The quality of the operation has been steadily improving, and in the context of the creation of a huge cash flow of cement, the scarcity of the mines has made the cement resource-oriented, as the concentration of the industry increases.
Market volatility will be reduced, while the significant repair of the Cement Business Assets Statement and the increase in profit stability over the past 2-3 years and over the next 2-3 years will be the catalyst for the recovery of the Cement Valuation q4 volume, which will drive robust growth in performance. The company sold the cement clinker itself in 2019.
Seal Cement (600585), " Sea conch Cement: Ten thousand tons, an increase of about 8.6 per cent over the previous year, mainly due to the continued over-expanding of new work and construction in real estate, while continuing to perform well, the value king of the cement stock."
q4 South China and East China, with less weather and higher demand for pre-festivities. In terms of single tons, I - 2019/10/22 - calculates that the average price of self-produced cement clinker from q4 is about $362 per ton, an increase of about $4 per ton.
Tail cement (600585). Sea conch cement: high due mainly to high demand and rising prices during the q4 South season; ton cost approximation.
190 dollars, or an increase of approximately 6 yuan per ton over the same period, due mainly to higher prices of raw materials, changes in the structure of the sale of internal products and an increase in the cost of partial outsourcing of clinker: about 171 tons of Māori, and conch cement (600585).
The decline is about $2 per ton; the full-caliber calculation cost of three tons is about $27, which is almost equal to the same figure, management of water, pre-optimal announcement of performance, and four quarters of good cement, which is still a leader in the industry. In our view, the company’s beautiful report card is based on a comprehensive picture.
(b) Normalization of the pattern in the sea, with a flat cycle fluctuations: company trade in 2019 amounted to about 109 million tons, an increase of about 55 per cent, of which q4 was sold about 25 million tons, and the pattern in the sea was gradually normalized.
The expansion of models not only contributed to the steady growth in the size of corporate collections, but also significantly reduced the sales of clinker by large enterprises in the east of China, thus further strengthening and reducing regional control by leading enterprises to mitigate local price fluctuations in cement and smooth regional cycles;
The quality of the business has steadily improved, creating an extremely cash-flowing business. We note that the “business model of the stock exchange” at the end of the reporting period reflects the strong bargaining power of the cement industry, as well as the excellent supply and demand of the cement industry; during the reporting period, the company received cash of 1960.50 million yuan, which is significantly higher than the collection.
Higher than the net profit of the parent; about $55 billion in cash in hand, and $16.8 billion in tradable financial assets, we believe that conch cement operations continue to improve in quality and maximize cash flows, sufficient cash flows which, on the one hand, can guarantee the orderly conduct of operations and support the extension of the chain of industry: on the other hand, the future.
The future does not preclude a further increase in the proportion of dividends, which is highly attractive to long-term investors. Billions of tons, 55.3 million tons of bone production, 3 million cubic metres of commercial mixed production, compared to the end of 18 years, no new clinker production capacity of 900,000 tons, 6.25 million tons of cement production, 16.9 million tons of bone production, commercial mixing.
2.4 million square metres, with the company planning to spend $10 billion on capital in 2020, steadily expanding domestic and foreign cement production capacity, accelerating the integration of upstream and downstream industrial chains and complementarities in the industrial chain. In 2019, the public skeletal skeletal crop broke out by $1 billion, an increase of 26 per cent, a 70.6 per cent gross profit margin.
The short-term epidemic affected the sale of q1 products, but the year-round performance was all right. The disease affected the first quarter of 2020.
Corporate sales have been affected in part, but downstream demand has recovered at an accelerated pace as it enters mid-March, with Chinese, South-East and South-West enterprises now returning to 7-8 per cent, expected to return to full normality by the end of March and early April, and regional prices with tight balance of supply and demand are expected to rise favourably; throughout the year, they are in circulation.
In the context of dynamic easing and a stable economy, capital-level certainty recovery, land-use policy marginalization, probabilities, expectations, year-round demand, industry will remain high. As expected, backward capacity will slow down, supply and demand patterns will vary; and prices of coal, ore, and so on, will rise.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report