To strengthen the advantage of upstream/downstream linkages, the internationalization surges - the annual bulletin for the Year 2017 newspaper of the dragon python rose by 148.03 per cent compared to 148.3 per cent; the net return to the mother rose by 44.431 per cent compared to 44.35 billion yuan.
According to the company ' s annual report, the company ' s accumulated net return profit in 2017 was $2.45 billion, an increase of 44.431 per cent. The company ' s net return profit in the fourth quarter was $580 million, an increase of 80.19 per cent, a slight decline of 4.75 percentage points from the third quarter.
The company’s performance has increased significantly, mainly as a result of a massive increase in the price of titanium powder, which accounts for $8.59 billion in titanium powder, which accounts for 83.73 per cent of total revenue, and a 145.17 per cent increase in business revenue on a year-on-year basis, which is a major contribution to the company’s performance. The supply side environment has increased by 13 per cent, with titanium concentrates accounting for a larger share of the cost of titanium powder, and our titanium resources are dependent on external sources.
International titanium concentrates have been at a high price level, and steady price differentials have provided solid support for titanium powder growth. The average price of titanium powder in the fourth quarter was $17604 per ton, an increase of 19.76 per cent over the previous quarter, an increase of 1.13 percentage points over the third quarter, and a lower rate of start-up and channel vendor preparation in the fourth quarter of spring vacations did not provide a price for titanium powder.
The average annual price of titanium powder in 2017 was $17,644 per ton, an increase of 34.70 per cent in the same year, and the highest offer exceeded $19,400 per ton in the year. At the same time, the company ' s mineral business received a further increase in revenue, accounting for $1.11 billion, or 10.83 per cent of the year ' s revenue, an increase of 377.30 per cent.
The acquisition of Xiaohua Rills has led to a further increase in the company’s performance, as well as to a further increase in the self-sufficiency of the raw materials, magnets and magnets, reinforcing the advantages of upstream-downstream linkages.
The company has 560,000 tonnes/year titanium powder, ranked first in Asia, and fourth in the world, the company is the biggest beneficiary of the high price of titanium powder in our country. The company has established a competitive international market in 2017, with its share of titanium powder exports as high as 38% and more than 50% of the company's titanium powder is exported to South-East Asia and the European and American countries.
In addition, most of our current titanium powder production is contaminated with high sulphuric acid, and small businesses will face a series of energy-consuming and waste-restrictive laws and regulations introduced by the country.
Resource occupancy and environmental support will push small production capacity out of the market in the long run. The company is a titanium powder company with two processes, sulphate and chlorination, which is currently expanding to 200,000 tons of titanium powder, the only chlorination device in the country that is in the process of being built and which is available to companies as the chlorination process matures.
1. Biochemical Weekly 20180330: Continue to look at polyesters and hope to enjoy the dividends of marginal pricing and maintain a leading advantage over a longer period of time. Industrial chains recover and pure alkali prices are expected to rise
Merger and purchase performance commitments are over-planned and the competitive edge of the whole industry chain is further consolidated \triangleright 2. Biochemicals Weekly Report 20180323: Polyesters Chain
During the same period, the company announced the release of a special report on the performance of the Sichuan Ryudu industry in 2017. During the reporting period, recovery continued to take stock of the fluorine landscape.
In addition, the company announced that it would purchase a small share of the stock of the Python Treasure Minerals Ltd., which increased to 91.2%, further securing the supply of upstream raw materials and consolidating the competitive edge of the industrial chain. The HFC chain continued to warm up.
4. Biochemical Weekly Report 20180302: Refrigerants, Burns, III. Profit Forecasts and Investment Recommendations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
8.9x `Very recommended' rating. titanium powder prices have fallen significantly and the increase in the production of titanium powder with chlorinated methods has not been as fast as expected.
The first author, the director of the chemical industry of the Institute of Ocean Securities, published two papers in an internationally renowned academic sci journal. The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the reports are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective and impartial, and that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.