On June 25, the company announced the sale price of titanium powder (including titanium powder sulphate, titanium powder chloride) for all models.
Upgrades of RMB 500/ton to domestic customers and $50/ton to international customers, based on the original price.A demand side: low domestic downstreamness, good export demand Internal exposure to environmental factors, more relevant stoppages in downstream paints, paper-making enterprises, and procurement of titanium powder, mostly on demand;
The international downstream construction re-painting market is about to usher in a new boom cycle, with a steady rise in demand for titanium powder. In 2017, my country produced 2.87 million tons of titanium powder and exported 83.1 million tons, an increase of 15.3 per cent compared to the previous year; corporate titanium powder exports accounted for nearly 40 per cent of the country's total annual production of 585,000 tons of titanium powder and exports of 307,000 tons, or 52.5 per cent.
The production of titanium powder in our country is about 575,000 tons, with an export volume of 243,000 tons, an increase of 34.8 per cent over the same period; the export ratio of companies continues to rise, with a share of exports exceeding 60 per cent in the first quarter, yielding 2,591 million yuan, an increase of 9.54 per cent over the same period, and a net profit of 587 million yuan, an increase of 2.79 per cent over the same period.
\triangleright, influenced by both industry restructuring and environmental policy tightening, will further push small titanium powder production.
High-polluted sulfuric acid production leaves the market in 2018 with little additional capacity in the titanium powder industry, and large enterprises and enterprises with chlorination techniques will maintain a leading position over a longer period of time. On June 7, the Central 5th Environmental Inspectorate, based in Guangxi, officially launched the Environmental Inspectorate “Look Back”, which affected Guangxi and Guangxi.
The company is the only company in the country that has both sulfuric acid and chlorinated two-scale titanium powder, and the chlorinated titanium powder device is in the lead in the country. The company currently has 710,000 tons of titanium powder per year, the number one in Asia, and the fourth in the world, with sulphuric acid.
Starting early in the year, chlorination will reach 260,000 tonnes/year by 2020, keeping the industry in the lead.
Although the company has stopped buying the tranquilite titanium, it has signed a strategic cooperation agreement for the purchase of 500,000 tons of titanium concentrate over the next five years. titanium is about one third of the cost of titanium powder production, and the company now owns about 850,000 tons/year of titanium concentrate, which meets the production demand for 350,000 tons/year of titanium sulphate, but the price of titanium is still about 400,000 tons/year.
The company has also recently signed a cooperative framework agreement with the Twilight-Tracking Government for the integrated development of the top-up magnets, with a plan to invest $5 billion over the next five years, focusing on “the high-quality use of titanium-upgrading resources to build titanium chloride”.
The powder industry chain, which is implemented in instalments of technological innovation and industrialization projects, seeks to achieve a breakthrough in industrial transformation within five years, forming a complete chain of large-scale industrial production within 10 years. A series of company integration measures help to build core competitive advantages and increase profitability.
1. Biochemical Weekly Report 20180615: The industry should show off and the price of acetic acid should begin to fall.
Biochemicals Weekly Report 20180611: The price of epoxypropane followed by titanium powder has fallen sharply, the price of titanium concentrate has risen significantly and the production of titanium powder for chlorinated methods has not increased as much as expected.
Two papers were published by the first author, President of the Chemical Industry of the Pacific Securities Institute, in the international prestigious Sci journal: Lily Cao, Bachelor of Applied Chemistry, Nakayama University, Master of Engineering Management, Duke University, joined the civil securitization chemical team in September 2017; and Xue Chung, Master of Chemistry, Qinghua University, joined the civil securitization chemical team in May 2018.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.