The industry continues to grow at a very high level, with chlorination growing at a future rate of 2,502 million yuan, an increase of 466 per cent over the same year, with net profit of 2,449 million yuan, an increase of 444 per cent over the same year.
The titanium industry continues to have a high profile, with strong corporate integration advantages: in 2017, the price of titanium ore rose in the face of environmental scrutiny, driving the price of titanium ore up the price of titanium ore. The company owns a complete chain of “magnetium mine - titanium ore - titanium ore” ortium powder, with the front end ore ore remaining in surplus after meeting its own needs.
“The titanium powder industry continues to be booming, and the three-quarters are booming. The company’s acquisition of Ribbon has greatly enhanced its ability to mine, thereby increasing the self-sufficiency of titanium concentrates.
High-capacity-Python Pelican Review, high demand overseas and high-price center: companies sold titanium powder in 2017.
58.45 million tons, of which 30.730 million tons of titanium powder are exported, or more than 50%. This titanium powder swing cycle 3. "Titant powder prices remain high, profits are high in the first half of the year, demand from overseas is strong, and companies take the lead as the foreign giants raise prices.
Upgraded. Mergering with the dragon python increased the company's trade voice, thereby effectively raising the bargaining power 4. Chlorine products are priced up and industry has a significant advantage. Chlorine is a leading technology and can grow in the future: the company started a 60,000 tonnes/year chlorination project in 2017.
5. The fifth price increase in titanium powder in the year, leading companies are now on target, systems are stable, and 569 million tons of titanium chloride are produced throughout the year. The construction of the 200,000 tons chlorination project has started and the main building is now almost complete, and the installation of the equipment is to be completed by the end of the year.
The company’s chlorination approach has a significant advantage, given that environmental constraints will be difficult to expand in the future. The acquisition of calm titanium mines further expands the advantages of integrated industries: the company’s March announcement is intended to be published.
Stock (85%) + cash (15%) buys flat titanium mines and further expands the integrated industrial chain. The titanium mines use 500,000 tons of titanium mineral energy, the country’s third largest titanium mining company, and are expected to become fully self-sufficient after taking them.
Reduced demand for overseas titanium powder and a significant increase in the rate of tariff collection at export destinations; less than expected increase in chlorine production; insufficient procurement of raw materials for chlorination; and analysis of rates of related reports in the market
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment