The company published its 2017 report, which generated 10,258 million yuan in operating income during the reporting period.
□ The company benefited from a substantial increase in the volume of its products and the production of dragons in 2017, a record high in its performance. The main reasons are that titanium powder industry has continued its high-growth cycle since 2016, prices of products have been rising since 2017, and the gold-soldier model.
The average price of titanium powder and titanium powder increased by $17,776 and $16,411 per ton, respectively, the effects of the warming of the real estate market, the delay in demand for titanium powder on the real estate market, and the annual production and sales of titanium powder, respectively, increased by 59,7082 tons and 58,4514 tons, respectively.
66.12%, 68.78%, maximizing the use of titanium powder production. In 2017, Sichuan Dragons Ltd. realized a net profit of 2,194 million yuan attributable to the parent company, far higher than the original □ chlorination product could be built and future growth guaranteed.
Currently, the domestic titanium powder production process is dominated by sulphuric acid, but the chlorination process is more environmentally friendly and will be the dominant production process in the future.
Tens of thousands of tons, both production and operating times are innovative, with the construction of the 2nd 200,000 tons chlorination project already under way and, by the end of 2017, the project infrastructure is now in place, laying a good foundation for the 2018 project. The chlorination project is a company that is moving from titanium powder to titanium alloy operations and titanium derivatives.
The extended vehicle will be replaced by imports when it is built, and the outlook is good. □ Environmentally more environmentally friendly, leading firms have an advantage that highlights the fact that environmental protection in the country is now becoming more stringent, with full coverage of environmental surveillance in 2017, with domestic production taking place.
The construction of state-of-the-art civilization has continued, environmental pressures have become normal, and small and medium-sized production capacity has been shut down, withdrawn, industrial capacity has declined, and domestic supply has become tighter due to the double pressures of environmental and supply-side reforms. In 2017, overseas demand stabilized, with companies exporting 3073 million tons, accounting for 53 per cent of total company sales.
In the context of continuing improvements in supply and demand, the high profile of titanium powder will continue, and the price of titanium powder will probably remain high. As the largest supplier of titanium powder in the country, companies will benefit from domestic supply-side reforms and environmental pressures.
Extensions are ongoing and future developments are dynamic.