Deepening the strategic layout of the resource, strengthening international competition - the company announcement of May 29th, signed with the People's Government of the Mountain City, " The Integrated Development of the Magnetic Mineral Resources of the Crawling Flowers " .
The Framework Agreement on Strategic Cooperation in Deep Processing, which serves as a guiding document for the joint promotion of the high-quality development and utilization of the resources of the Elite Magnetite in the Western Zone, will further strengthen the company ' s involvement in the integrated development and use of the resources of the Elite Magnetite in the Western Region, leading to a closer multi-stakeholder partnership for win-win situations.
The company plans to invest 5 billion yuan over the next five years, focusing on the “High-quality use of titanium climbing resources, large-scale production of titanium chloride chains” and the phased implementation of technology innovation and industrialization projects in five years.
The municipality supports the company’s physical projects in terms of electricity, gas, land, finance, etc., including: preferential electricity prices for the company’s investment in acid soluble titanium slag construction project; active advocacy with the National Development Commission for the company’s chlorinated titanium project; and chlorinated titanium titanium.
The powder project gives special power price preferences: a series of technological innovation and industrial transformation construction projects that support companies that start up around “the high-quality upgrading of resources” in comparison with the trend of 300 depths.
By law, support is being given to obtaining significant support from the relevant State and provincial authorities; the company benefits from the State ' s policy on the development of strategic resources in the west and the west, while benefiting from the various policies of the city ' s capital investors. The agreement is conducive to the company ' s greater integration of the industrial chain and increased profitability.
On 17 May, the company signed a Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement with the Sichuan Titanium, which is expected to be procured over the next five years.
The company currently produces titanium, which accounts for about 60% of the demand for titanium sulphate, and collaborates with the strategy of titanium sulphate to effectively secure the supply of raw materials. The company is a national company with titanium powder made from both the sulphate and the chlorination processes.
The process of chlorination, although difficult, produces titanium powder of good quality, high purity, and short-flow and low-pollution processes, which is the future direction of the titanium powder industry. The company currently has 710,000 tons of titanium per year, the fourth largest in the world, with sulphuric acid producing about 650,000 tons per year, and chlorination producing about 60,000 tons per year.
A new 200,000 tonnes/year chlorinated titanium powder project will be built, and the scale effect will be further demonstrated, and the quality of the company's titanium powder product will be on the next step. Environmental factors will affect supply, and exports will continue to improve.
Since 2018, the average price of titanium powder has not changed much, domestic demand has stabilized, and export markets have performed well. On the supply side, the domestic price of titanium powder has stabilized at $16,000-17,500 per ton, and export prices have stabilized at $2,500-2540 per ton.
The production was suspended until June 12, when the company was able to produce 21.21 per cent of the total production capacity of Shandong, which affected about 0.5 million tons of production and 12.72 per cent of the monthly production of Shandong Province, and increased titanium powder in Shandong. On the demand side, the country’s downstream paints, paper-making companies stopped for environmental reasons.
1. Chemical industry weekly reports: glyphosate, glue short fibre prices were good, with our titanium powder production of approximately 57,46 million tons in the first quarter of 2018, export volume of 24.29 million tons, price increases, and prices for acetic acid continue to be innovative.
More than 60% of total sales, international market competition has been secured, and more than 50% of the company's titanium powder business is luminous, and the share of diversified layout for new materials is used to export South-East Asia and Europe and America, and companies are not entirely subject to domestic real estate cycles.
The construction re-painting market is expected to rise in the next two years to support a high price of titanium powder in the long run. 3. Industry event evaluation: environmental impact on industry supply, with three, profit projections and investment proposals.
The price of titanium powder has fallen dramatically, and the increase in the production of titanium powder with chlorination has not been as fast as expected.
Lilly Cao, Bachelor of Applied Chemistry, Nakayama University, Master of Engineering Management, Duke University, joined the Civil-Specific Securitization Chemical Team in September 2017. The author, with the qualification or considerable professional competence of the Securities Investment Advisory Institute of China, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, through reasonable judgement and conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and independent of any third party.