Deutsche Bank
Research
Rating
Date
Company
Yanghe
Buy
Initiation of Coverage
Asia
China
Exchange Ticker
Reuters
Bloomberg
Consumer
002304.SZ
002304 CH
SHZ
Food & Beverage
Consolidator of premium liquor;
Mark Yuan
initiating with Buy
Research Analyst
Research Analyst
More resilient growth during macro slow down
Yanghe is the largest brand in premium liquor (Rmb300-600/bottle) in China.
Near term, we expect its growth to be more resilient than other liquor brands,
Price/price relative
helped by its "value for money" nature, flat channels and rapid market
response. Yanghe exhibited its resilience in the last downcycle in 2013-14.
Long term, we expect it to consolidate the premium liquor sector through
increased penetration and improved product mix. Risk/reward is attractive at
15x 2019E P/E with a 22% earnings CAGR over FY18-20E. Initiate Buy.
Premium liquor sector: fast-growing sales and improving consolidation
The premium segment accounted for 9% of liquor volume and 20% of liquor
sales in 2017. Premium liquor has good branding and reasonable pricing
catered to the social and business demand. With middle-class consumers
trading up, the premium segment is expected to have the highest growth
among all categories in Baijiu, and estimated to have a 16% sales CAGR in
2018-20 by Euromonitor. Meanwhile, in view of consumers' increased brand
awareness, we expect leading brands to gain market share in the segment.
Yanghe: well positioned to scale up in the premium sector
Source: Deutsche Bank
Yanghe takes a 30% market share by volume in the premium segment and we
expect it to continue to consolidate the segment. Compared to other premium
peers, Yanghe has a wider distribution channel, better brand awareness and
more diversified products. Management also has high incentives with a
significant interest in the company. We expect Yanghe to gain market share
through increased penetration and improved product mix in the long term.
Yanghe's shares have fallen 30% (MSCI China staples index: -23%) since June due to
weak market sentiment, but we believe the story of market share gains in the premium
segment is intact. The stock trades at 15x 2019E P/E with a 22% earnings CAGR in
2018-20E. We initiate on Yanghe with a Buy rating. Our target price of RMB150 is
based on DCF (9.5% WACC and 2% terminal growth). Downside risk: macro
slowdown, channel destocking of Moutai and food safety. (See pages 17 & 18).
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Deutsche Bank does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. Thus, investors should
be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the obDistributed on: 13/09/2018 08:45:54 GMT
consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST
CERTIFICATIONS ARE LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. MCI (P) 091/04/2018. THE CONTENT MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED IN
THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA ("THE PRC") (EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE APPLICABLE LAWS AND
REGULATIONS OF PRC), EXCLUDING SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE REGIONS OF HONG KONG AND MACAU.
Yanghe
Reuters: 002304.SZ
Bloomberg: 002304 CH
Buy
Company Profile
Yanghe Brewery is a national large-scale liquor production
enterprise in China with two major liquor brands Yanghe
and Shuanggou. Its major products are a series of mellow
liquor including Dream Blue, Yanghe Blue Classic,
Shuanggou Zhenbaofang, Yanghe Daqu and Shuanggou
Daqu.
Margin Trends
Growth & Profitability
Source: Company data, Deutsche Bank estimates
Mark Yuan
Key investment thesis
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, Euromonitor
Source: Deutsche Bank, Eurominitor
Source: Deutsche Bank, company annual reports; note: Luzhou Laojiao: Cooperate with major
Source: Deutsche Bank, brandfinance.com
distributors to set up 4 sales companies with over 8000 salespersons
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, baidu.com, jianniang.com, tjkx.com
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, company financial reports
Premium liquor: fast growing and
improving consolidation
Industry to witness a 16% CAGR in 2018-20E
Liquor brands are normally categorized into four categories based on retail
prices: low end, mid-range, premium, super premium, with per bottle/500ml
price at RMB600 respectively
(Figure 7). According to Euromonitor, the market size of the premium segment
will register a 16% sales CAGR in the next three years, the highest among all
categories (Figure 11).
Key driver of premium segment is growing income of middle-class consumers.
Consumers are trading up for better quality liquor and brands, especially
during social events such as marriage celebrations and gatherings. Meanwhile,
due to the expanding poverty-rich gap, the trade-up trend is more prevalent in
the premium and super-premium segments than in the low-end segment.
Lastly, the premium segment has good branding and reasonable prices -
"Feitian Moutai" is priced at RMB1,800, which is still overly expensive even for
high income individuals.
Source: Deutsche Bank, NBS
Industry consolidation to accelerate
While the super-premium segment is highly concentrated (dominated by
Moutai, Wuliangye and Luzhou Laojiao), the premium segment is still highly
fragmented, with various local brands in each province. Yanghe is the lead
brand but with only a 30% volume share and a 22% value share in the
premium segment. The top five brands occupied a value share of only 54% in
2017 (Figure 12).
We forecast consolidation in the premium segment to accelerate in the next
few years. First, consumers tend to buy better branded products aided by their
increasing brand awareness. Second, leading brands' product availability are
increasing with improved channel penetrations. Third, leading brands have
better resources in advertisement and promotion with operating leverage. We
from 54% in 2017.
Source: Deutsche Bank, Euromonitor
Source: Deutsche Bank, Euromonitor
Yanghe: a leader in the premium
liquor segment
Summary: outperforming peers in channels, branding and
products
per bottle) and the third-largest company by sales in China's liquor industry. Its
growth was the fastest among liquor name in 2007-17 (Figure 14). Yanghe
derived more than 50% of sales from the premium segment in 2017. Yanghe's
leading position in the premium segment is helped by its strong channels,
good branding and diversified products. We expect Yanghe to continue to
consolidate the premium segment in the next three years.
Source: Deutsche Bank, company annual reports
Channels: wide, flat and efficient
Different from most of its peers that have a long history, Yanghe's main brand
"Blue Classic", which was launched in 2003, is a much younger make. For
consumer companies with weaker brand awareness, channel penetration is
usually adopted as a more straight forward method to push sales. As such,
Yanghe has been actively building its channels since the launch of "Blue
Classic".
Different from traditional liquor companies which mainly rely on large
distributors, Yanghe's distributing model is more skewed towards that of large
FMCG companies (CRB, Tingyi, and Yili). Under this model, Yanghe's
salespersons are closely involved in retail end promotions, penetrating and
obtaining orders, while distributors are mainly responsible for basic functions -
logistics and cash flow. It mainly uses the "KOL" model and the "4*3" model
(Figure 15).
Source: Deutsche Bank, Yanghe's prospectus
For example, Yanghe has more than 350 salespersons in Anhui. Prior to 2015,
it focused on city-level markets before expanding to county-level areas. In
Hefei, it covers 70% of liquor specialty stores with more than 30 salespersons
and 40 promoters. Meanwhile, it classifies retailers into three categories, i.e.,
flagship stores, key stores and ordinary stores based on location, traffic and
demand. Salespersons conduct in-store advertisement and promotions of
different magnitudes. Through these measures, it achieved sales of RMB1.7bn
in 2017 in Anhui.
salespersons, 8,000 distributors, and 30,000 ground promoters. This channel
counties nationwide and boasting more than 2m of POS. Yanghe's
salesperson and distributor numbers are significantly higher than those of
other leading liquor brands (Moutai, Wuliangye, Laojiao and Fen wine).
Source: Deutsche Bank, 2017 company annual reports
with over 8000 salespersons
Such in-depth distribution model helps Yanghe achieve high sales growth and
react fast to retail ends. This model enabled Yanghe to achieve a sales CAGR
of 27% in 2007-17 (Figure 14), the highest growth among the liquor companies
in China. Meanwhile, with a flat distribution network, Yanghe's management is
able to react fast to retail ends. For example, during the liquor sector's de-
stocking cycle in 2012-2014, Yanghe's sales declined by 15%, whereas that of
Wuliangye, Laojiao, and Fen fared worse with declines of 23%, 54%, and 40%,
respectively (Figure 18).
Source: Deutsche Bank
Branding: well positioned and increasing awareness
Although Yanghe's main brand "Blue Classic" is relatively new -- launched in
2003 -- it has become a leading brand through niche positioning and efficient
branding investment. Its key product "Blue Classic" series has the slogan "The
sea is the world's largest, but the sky is deeper than the sea; yet men's
sentiment is more profound than the sky" (世界上最宽广的是海,比海更高远的是
天空，比天空更博大的是男人的情怀)”. The slogan reflects Yanghe’s “consumer-
oriented" culture - it aims to communicate directly with consumers and share
the aspirations of consumers, whereas other premium liquor brands focus
more on connecting their brand names with culture, patriotism and luxury. This
niche positioning differentiates Yanghe from other brands and enhance
consumer awareness, in our view.
Swellfun
Source: Deutsche Bank, company websites, baidu.com
Meanwhile, the "Blue Classic" brand awareness has continued to improve,
helped by the company's high A&P spending and efficient usage. Yanghe
spent RMB1.2bn in 2017 on A&P expense, lower than that for its super-
premium brand but higher than all other premium brands (Figure 20). It
displays the brand in various out-door areas. It sponsors various TV programs
Provided for the exclusive use of Research Research at Provisional Access on 2018-09-14T05:54+00:00. DO NOT REDISTRIBUTE
Food & Beverage
Yanghe
and public events to enhance brand awareness, such as the G20 Hangzhou
Summit in 2016, the "Chinese Football Association Super League" in 2017,
and the Shanghai Cooperation Qingdao Summit in 2018. In Jiangsu, Yanghe's
logo can be seen in many places, such as expressways, bus stations, office
buildings and shopping malls.
Source: Deutsche Bank, company annual reports
In our view, the "Yanghe" brand has grown to become a top premium brand.
It had similar rankings as Moutai and Wuliangye in "BrandZ top 100" and
"Brand Finance Spirits 50" in 2017-18, outperforming other mid- to high-end
peers such as Fen Wine, Gujing Distillery and King's Luck in terms of brand
value.
Products: less inherited, but more innovative
Yanghe's products are innovative, which fits the changing demand trend of
consumers. Moutai and Wuliangye's flagship products "Feitian Moutai" and
"Wuliangye crystal bottle" have maintained consistent tastes – almost
unchanged for more than 50 years. However, Yanghe's "Blue Classic" series is
evolving as it specifically designs its products to meet consumer taste
preferences. Yanghe underwent 4,325 of consumer tasting tests before it
launched the "Blue Classic" series in 2003. Based on the tasting results, it
positions "Blue Classic" as a mellow taste beverage, with a specifically sweet,
mellow, soft, clear and fragrant taste. This differs from traditional liquor that
focuses on aroma.
Some investors argue Yanghe's innovative beverages do not offer as much
moat as that of traditional brands, but we believe this is necessary for long-
term growth (similar for other FMCG products). Consumer tastes evolve over
years. For example, 'yellow' wine was a mainstream alcoholic drink during the
Qing Dynasty and in the early 20th century. This changed to baijiu after 1949.
We believe liquor companies need to keep their product tastes updated to see
sustainable growth. Yanghe's culture of innovation should make it more
resilient to changing consumer tastes in the long term.
"Weifenzi" is another example of innovation. Low alcohol content baijiu is now
a trend due to consumers' growing health consciousness. According to the
Ministry of Commerce, consumers in higher-income regions (such as
Guangdong and Jiangsu) prefer low-alcohol baijiu. Accordingly, Yanghe
launched 'Weifenzi' baijiu to meet this trend in 2014. "Weifenzi" is a low-
alcohol baijiu but tastes the same as a high-alcohol baijiu. The low-alcohol
baijiu contains nucleotides analogues, which protects the liver. Although
'Weifenzi' has not contributed meaningful sales, it is a good trial and reflects
Yanghe's innovation culture.
Resilient growth with high
visibility
Summary: new regions, product mix upgrades, and new
category to drive growth
Although Yanghe has become the third-largest liquor company by sales, its
major sales is still derived from Jiangsu. It also derives around 50% of sales
from mid-range products. We see a great potential for Yanghe to achieve sales
growth through geography expansion and product mix upgrades. More
importantly, it has high growth visibility, as we believe Yanghe can easily
replicate the successful experience in Jiangsu in other regions. We forecast a
22% sales CAGR in 2018-20E.
Source: Deutsche Bank, company annual reports
Geography: penetrating from Jiangsu to new Jiangsu
Yanghe is headquartered in Suqian, a city in Jiangsu. It derived 53% of sales
from Jiangsu in 2017. Following its success in increasing penetration in
Jiangsu, management is now allocating more resources to other provinces. It
targets to increase the sales portion from non-Jiangsu markets to 70% in 2020,
implying the non-Jiangsu segment could grow at least 30% faster than the
Jiangsu region.
Yanghe's focused markets are mainly in regions closed to Jiangsu, including
Shandong, Henan, Anhui, Zhejiang and Hubei. These regions have sizable
market potential while competition is not as intensive as that in traditional
liquor regions such as Sichuan and Guizhou. Except in Anhui and Zhejiang,
there are no listed liquor brands in these regions and local liquor names mostly
focus on the mid- to low-end categories. These regions have a total population
of 374m, which is 4.6 times of Jiangsu, and the overall per cap income is
similar to Jiangsu's (Figure 25).
Yanghe launched a "new Jiangsu market" strategy to expand its new market
in 2014. The strategy refers to potential markets in county and city levels that
could contribute meaningful revenue (annual sales should be over RMB8m for
county-level markets and over RMB15m for city-level markets). Until 1Q18,
there were 495 "new Jiangsu markets" which contributed 70% of Jiangsu
revenue. According to management, it will replicate its successful model in
Jiangsu in the new Jiangsu markets.
Source: Deutsche Bank, company annual reports
Considering Yanghe's strong branding, channel operation and diversified
products, we believe the strategy will be successful. On branding, Yanghe's
"Blue classic" has better brand awareness than most local brands in the
premium segment, and it is able to spend higher advertisement dollars in
future, helped by its large scale. On channel, Yanghe's successful experience in
in-depth model, channel profit allocation and execution could be replicated in
new regions. On product, given its key products are from the mid-range to
premium segments, we believe Yanghe has flexibility to penetrate into new
markets based on local consumption.
We forecast Yanghe's sales from non-Jiangsu markets will record a 36% CAGR
from RMB9.3bn in 2017 to RMB23.3bn in 2020, and expect this to contribute
65% of its total sales in 2020.
Source: Deutsche Bank, company meeting notes, baidu.com
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, company annual reports
Product mix: moving up from mid-range to premium
segment
Yanghe has a diversified product portfolio, comprising mid-range, premium
and super-premium, with "Sea Blue", "Sky Blue", and "Dream Blue M3" priced
at RMB150, RMB300, and RMB500 (all with a 52% alcoholic content)
respectively. It also has super-premium SKUs such as "Dream Blue M9" and
"Dream Blue Shou Gong Ban" priced at RMB1,699 and RMB1,788 respectively
(Figure 30). In 2017, "Sea Blue", "Sky Blue", and "Dream Blue" accounted for
30%, 20% and 22% of total sales respectively.
Yanghe's historical growth indicates a mix upgrade trend. Yanghe's key
products "Dream Blue", "Sky Blue" and "Sea Blue" are positioned as premium,
mid-premium and mid-range, respectively (Figure 30). Its sales growth was
driven, in order, by "Sea Blue" from 2004 (80% CAGR in 2004-11), "Sky Blue"
from 2008 (70% in 2008-12), and "Dream Blue" from 2017 (50% yoy in 2017).
and from "Dream Blue" increased from 2% in 2007 to 22% in 2017. We
forecast the sales portion of "Dream Blue" will continue to increase to 35% in
For the next three year, we expect the premium segment to be the fastest
growing category for Yanghe:
Consumers' growing income continues to drive premium products
demand. Our channel checks indicate that the mainstream price range
from RMB100-300 before 2016.
Yanghe is pushing premium products through allocating more A&P
expense and providing more channel incentives. Meanwhile, as
Yanghe's "Sea/Sky/Dream" series are sub brands of "Blue classic",
consumers could easily move from "Sea" to "Sky", and from "Sky" to
"Dream" when they have a higher budget.
The retail price hikes of super-premium brands Moutai, Wuliangye and
Guojiao 1573's since 2017 should result in lesser competition for
premium products.
We forecast Yanghe's sales proportion from "Dream Blue" to increase from
20% in 2017 to 35% in 2020. This will contribute RMB8bn incremental sales
from 2017 and lead to a 2ppt gross margin expansion in 2017-20E.
Strong balance sheet supports long-term diversification
In its 2017 annual report, Yanghe indicated its aspiration to become a leading
company in the alcohol industry, implying it will not limit its sales to the current
category of aromatic flavor liquor. True to its words, it acquired 12.5% interest
in VSPT Group, the second-largest wine brand in Chile, in 2018.
We have not factored in potential growth of these new categories, as
management remains focused on growth from its new Jiangsu markets and
product mix upgrades in the near term. However, we see long-term growth
potential for Yanghe. With RMB16bn of cash/finance asset on book, Yanghe
could continue to expand through M&As in the long term.
Financial forecast
2018E: 25% sales growth and 28% earnings growth
We forecast Yanghe to report 25% sales growth in 2018, driven by: 1) 10%
volume growth, mainly contributed by its non-Jiangsu market expansion and
stable volume in Jiangsu; and 2) an estimated 13% ASP increase due to
product mix upgrades and price hikes in 1Q and 3Q. Management has guided
for 20% sales growth in 2018 (its historically growth has outperformed its
guidance in the past, except in 2013-14) (Figure 33).
We forecast Yanghe to report 28% earnings growth in 2018, with 70bps yoy
net margin improvement. This is driven by an estimated 30bps gross margin
expansion helped by ex-factory price hikes and product mix change, and an
estimated 140bps decline in SG&A/sales benefited from operation leverage.
Our 2018 forecast implies 24% sales growth and 27.7% earnings growth in
Source: Deutsche Bank, company annual reports
2H18.
2019-20E: 20% sales CAGR and 22% earnings CAGR
We forecast a 20% sales CAGR for Yanghe from RMB24.9bn in 2018 to
RMB35.8bn in 2020, mainly driven by:
10.5% volume CAGR over the same period, helped by a CAGR of over 30%
in non-Jiangsu markets and likely flat growth in the Jiangsu province.
9% ASP CAGR over the same period, a result of continued product mix
upgrades and higher sales proportion from non-Jiangsu markets, where
the ASP is usually higher than that in Jiangsu due to different product mix.
We expect Yanghe's net margin to expand from 34% in 2018 to 35.4% in
2020, driving net profit to register a 22.3% CAGR, from RMB8.5bn in 2018 to
RMB12.7bn in 2020E. The margin expansion is attributable to a likely 150bps
improvement in gross margin and a 50bps saving in SG&A.
For cash conversion cycle, we estimate its inventory turnover days will
continue to decline from 584 days in 2017 to 520 days in 2020, helped by
improved inventory management. We expect the number of AR turnover days
to maintain stable at 3, while AP days to return to its long-term average of
more than 100.
Source: Deutsche Bank. Note: All the turnover days are calculated on the average balance. AR days are based on sales, AP and inventory days
are based on the total of cost and taxes and surcharges.
Food & Beverage
Yanghe
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, company annual reports
Figure 37: Balance sheet
Figure 38: Cash flow statement
Source: Deutsche Bank estimates, company annual reports
Valuation and risks
We use a DCF methodology to derive our 1-year target price of RMB150,
factoring in 9.5% WACC (3.9% risk free rate, 5.6% equity risk premium, 1.0x
beta, debt free structure) and 2% terminal growth, which is in line with other
staple companies under our coverage. The methodology is same with most
staple companies under our coverage, and we think the company's future cash
flow has enough visibility. We initiate with Buy.
Our 1-year target price implies an 18x 2020E PE, or a 0.65x PEG based on its
net profit CAGR at 24% in 2018-20E. This is in line with other listed baijiu peers
at PEG of 0.64. The target PE is also in line with Yanghe's average of 17x
forward P/E in the past nine years. Meanwhile, given Yanghe has better
visibility compared to a few years ago, a national distribution network and a
well-established branding, we think it is fair to trade at higher valuations.
Deutsche Bank AG/Hong Kong
Provided for the exclusive use of Research Research at Provisional Access on 2018-09-14T05:54+00:00. DO NOT REDISTRIBUTE
Food & Beverage
Yanghe
Source: Deutsche Bank, Bloomberg. Stock price is on 12 Sep 2018. We use DB forecasts for those companies we covered and Bloomberg consensus for other companies.
Risks
Food safety risk
Food safety is always a big concern for food & beverage companies. A food
safety incident could harm the company's reputation, reduce its sales, and
cause a collapse in stock prices. In November 2012, Jiu Gui Liquor reportedly
had plasticizer contained in its products which was 2.6x higher than standards
based on the test results of Shanghai Intertek. The incident caused the entire
baijiu segment to witness a stock price collapse the next day. Although no
baijiu companies were punished, if such incidents were to happen again, there
would be adverse impacts on stock prices.
Government policy change
Since the central government put forward an eight-point rule in 2012, local
governments have implemented strict control on entertainment consumption
of liquor. In 2017, several local governments tightened the regulation, with
some banning liquor consumption. Although we have seen baijiu consumption
moved from government to business entities, the government may still
implement more adverse policies on baijiu consumption, which could lead to
another de-stocking cycle.
Consumer preference shift
Yanghe's major business is producing and selling baijiu. Due to consumers'
increasing health consciousness and changing preferences, consumers may
choose other beverages to replace baijiu, which could lead to an overall
decline in the whole industry.
Macro FAI slowdown
Macro fixed asset investment growth is correlated with FMCG consumption. A
growth slowdown could dampen consumer confidence and consumption
capability, leading to lower demand.
Company background
Company description.
Headquartered in Sugian, Jiangsu Province, Yanghe Brewery is a national
large-scale liquor production enterprise in China with two major liquor brands
"Yanghe" and "Shuanggou". The company was established in 2002 by Yanghe
Group and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 2009. In 2017, Yanghe
achieved total sales of RMB19.9bn, which ranked third in China's liquor
industry.
Yanghe is one of the few liquor companies that completed a mixed ownership
reform at early stages. Its reform mainly included two stages:
In 2002, Yanghe was established by Jiangsu Yanghe Group (100%
controlled by the local government), six distributors, institutional
investors, and 14 senior management members. Yanghe Group and
management held 51.1% and 8.41% interest in Yanghe, respectively.
In 2006, Yanghe issued new shares to Blue Sky Trading and Blue Sea
Trading, both of which were owned by the management team. This
diluted the local government's stake to 38.61%, and the management
team together held 30.79%.
In 2009, Yanghe completed its IPO and issued 45m new share priced at
RMB60/share. After the IPO, the local government and management team's
(existing and old) stakes were diluted to 34.05% and 27.72%, respectively.
Currently, the government and the management team own 34.16% and
22.63% (including the shareholding by Jiangsu Blue Alliance) equity of the
company, respectively.
Yanghe's mixed ownership reform is much earlier than most large listed liquor
companies. The management team also has a higher stake in the listed
company. (Figure 44). We believe mix ownership is the core reason for
Yanghe's entrepreneur culture, which leads to its innovative products, in-depth
channel and highly efficient operations. We expect Yanghe's growth to
outperform its peers with this aligning management interest.
Source: Deutsche Bank, company financial reports. Shareholding data is based on the company's 1H18 report and 2017 annual report.
The author of this report wishes to acknowledge the contribution made by Kerith
Chen, employee of Evalueserve, a third-party provider to Deutsche Bank of
offshore research support services.
Food & Beverage
Yanghe
Important Disclosures
Prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session unless otherwise indicated and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors. Other
information is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other sources. For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the
primary subject of this research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our website at
before investing.
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s) about the
subject issuer and the securities of the issuer. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive
any compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in this report. Mark Yuan
Historical recommendations and target price: Yanghe (002304.SZ)
(as of 9/12/2018)
26/02/2018:
Anne Ling
Equity rating key
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships
Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of total
share-holder return (TSR = percentage change in
share price from current price to projected target price
plus pro-jected dividend yield ) , we recommend that
investors buy the stock.
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of total share-
holder return, we recommend that investors sell the
stock
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months
out and, based on this time horizon, do not
recommend either a Buy or Sell.
Newly issued research recommendations and target
prices supersede previously published research.
Food & Beverage
Yanghe
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively
"Deutsche Bank"). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-
party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor
for
the
responsible
accuracy
security
controls
those
websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this
report, or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche
Bank
its
for
may
act
principal
for
own
account
agent
another
person.
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its own
account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those
taken in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis,
equity-linked analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication
may differ from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies,
perspectives or otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers
it writes on. Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes
investment
banking,
trading
and
principal
trading
revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do
not necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides
liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts
sometimes have shorter-term trade ideas that may be inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer-term ratings.
and can be found on the general coverage list and also on the covered company's page. A Catalyst Call represents a
high-conviction belief by an analyst that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or a specified sector
over a time frame of no less than two weeks and no more than three months. In addition to Catalyst Calls, analysts may
occasionally discuss with our clients, and with Deutsche Bank salespersons and traders, trading strategies or ideas that
reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return
or investment return as described herein. Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to
otherwise notify a recipient thereof if an opinion, forecast or estimate changes or becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the
frequency of changes in market conditions and in both general and company-specific economic prospects make it
difficult to update research at defined intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion of the coverage analyst or of the
Research Department Management, and the majority of reports are published at irregular intervals. This report is
provided for informational purposes only and does not take into account the particular investment objectives, financial
situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial
instruments or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are inherently imprecise and a product of
the analyst's judgment. The financial instruments discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors, and
investors must make their own informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of financial instruments are
subject to change without notice, and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of price fluctuations and
other factors. If a financial instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's currency, a change in
exchange rates may adversely affect the investment. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.
Performance calculations exclude transaction costs, unless otherwise indicated. Unless otherwise indicated, prices are
current as of the end of the previous trading session and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and
other vendors. Data is also sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other parties.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business divisions of the Bank. Details regarding our
organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect to
Provided for the exclusive use of Research Research at Provisional Access on 2018-09-14T05:54+00:00. DO NOT REDISTRIBUTE
Food & Beverage
Yanghe
available
Disclaimer.
research
website
under
our
are
our
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise
to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed-rate instruments (thus receiving these cash
flows), increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a
loss. The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the
loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse
macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation
(including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency
convertibility (which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or liquidation of positions), and
settlement issues related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors. The sensitivity of fixed-income
instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to FX
depreciation, or to specified interest rates - these are common in emerging markets. The index fixings may - by
construction – lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended to track. The choice of
the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon rates (i.e., coupons
indexed to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. Funding in a currency
that differs from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Options on swaps (swaptions) the risks
options
addition
risks
related
typical
the
rates
movements.
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk. The
appropriateness of these products for use by investors depends on the investors' own circumstances, including their tax
position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities; as such, investors should take
expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the contents of this
publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a result of the
high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater than the
amount of funds initially deposited - up to theoretically unlimited losses. Trading in options involves risk and is not
suitable for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an option, investors must review the "Characteristics and Risks of
access the website, please contact your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: (i)
exchange rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by
numerous market factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and
debt markets and changes in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government-imposed
exchange controls, which could affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are
affected by the currency of an underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at
information before investing.
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial
adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you or any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any
information provided in this report. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice,
Deutsche Bank is not acting as your impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever
as to any strategies, products or any other information presented in the materials. Information contained herein is being
provided solely on the basis that the recipient will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment
decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any
trading strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or
account type, and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in
making Your decision. The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially
Provided for the exclusive use of Research Research at Provisional Access on 2018-09-14T05:54+00:00. DO NOT REDISTRIBUTE
Food & Beverage
Yanghe
sophisticated, who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to
particular transactions and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the
offering of its products and services. If this is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this
directly from us, we ask that you inform us immediately.
In July 2018, Deutsche Bank revised its rating system for short term ideas whereby the branding has been changed to
Catalyst Calls ("CC") from SOLAR ideas; the rating categories for Catalyst Calls originated in the Americas region have
been made consistent with the categories used by Analysts globally; and the effective time period for CCs has been
reduced from a maximum of 180 days to 90 days.
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA, NFA and
SIPC. Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates that are not subject to FINRA
regulations.
Germany: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock corporation with limited liability incorporated
in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under
German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany's Federal
Financial
Supervisory
Authority.
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at Winchester
House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial
Conduct Authority. Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
Hong Kong: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited (save that any
shall be distributed solely by Deutsche Securities Asia Limited). The provisions set out above in the "Additional
Information" section shall apply to the fullest extent permissible by local laws and regulations, including without
limitation the Code of Conduct for Persons Licensed or Registered with the Securities and Futures Commission. .
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Private Limited (DEIPL) having CIN: U65990MH2002PTC137431 and
7180 4444. It is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a Stock broker bearing registration
nos.: NSE (Capital Market Segment) - INB231196834, NSE (F&O Segment) INF231196834, NSE (Currency Derivatives
Segment) INE231196834, BSE (Capital Market Segment) INB011196830; Merchant Banker bearing SEBI Registration
no.: INM000010833 and Research Analyst bearing SEBI Registration no.: INH000001741. DEIPL may have received
administrative warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations. The transmission of research through DEIPL is
Deutsche Bank's determination and will not make a recipient a client of DEIPL. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) may
have debt holdings or positions in the subject company. With regard to information on associates, please refer to the
"Shareholdings"
section
the
Annual
Report
at:
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA,
Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks
involved in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by
multiplying the transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to
losses as a result of share price fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional
losses stemming from foreign exchange fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories
of investment advice, products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk
of losses to principal and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in
market value. Before deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should carefully read the
relevant disclosures, prospectuses and other documentation. "Moody's", "Standard & Poor's", and "Fitch" mentioned in
this report are not registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or "Nippon" is specifically designated in the
name of the entity. Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank
Provided for the exclusive use of Research Research at Provisional Access on 2018-09-14T05:54+00:00. DO NOT REDISTRIBUTE
Food & Beverage
Yanghe
Group's analysts with the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the foreign securities stated on this report are
not disclosed according to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's
equity
analysts
based
12-month
forecast
are
Korea:
Distributed
Deutsche
Securities
Korea
Co.
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register
Number
South
Africa:
1998/003298/10).
Singapore: This report is issued by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch or Deutsche Securities Asia Limited, Singapore
Branch (One Raffles Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 048583, +65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect
of any matters arising from, or in connection with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated by Deutsche
Bank in Singapore to a person who is not an accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as defined in
the applicable Singapore laws and regulations), they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank
research may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without
written consent. Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and
is not to be construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments. Deutsche Securities Asia Limited,
Taipei
Branch
may
not
execute
transactions
for
clients
these
securities/instruments.
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may undertake only the financial services activities that fall
within the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Its principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower,
West Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related
financial products or services are only available only to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre
Regulatory
Authority.
Russia: The information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute,
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia LLC Company (registered no. 07073-37) is regulated by the
Capital Market Authority. Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia may undertake only the financial services activities that fall
within the scope of its existing CMA license. Its principal place of business in Saudi Arabia: King Fahad Road, Al Olaya
District,
P.O.
Box
301809,
Faisaliah
Tower
17th
Floor,
Riyadh,
Saudi
Arabia.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the financial services
activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai
International Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been
distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are available only to Professional Clients, as
defined
Dubai
Financial
Services
Authority.
the
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act, respectively. Please refer to Australia-specific research
research refers to any particular financial product recipients of the research should consider any product disclosure
statement, prospectus or other applicable disclosure document before making any decision about whether to acquire
the product. In preparing this report, the primary analyst or an individual who assisted in the preparation of this report
has likely been in contact with the company that is the subject of this research for confirmation/clarification of data,
facts, statements, permission to use company-sourced material in the report, and/or site-visit attendance. Without prior
approval from Research Management, analysts may not accept from current or potential Banking clients the costs of
travel, accommodations, or other expenses incurred by analysts attending site visits, conferences, social events, and the
Provided for the exclusive use of Research Research at Provisional Access on 2018-09-14T05:54+00:00. DO NOT REDISTRIBUTE
Food & Beverage
Yanghe
like. Similarly, without prior approval from Research Management and Anti-Bribery and Corruption ("ABC") team,
analysts may not accept perks or other items of value for their personal use from issuers they cover.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Copyright © 2018 Deutsche Bank AG
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Pam Finelli
Steve Pollard
Michael Spencer
Global Chief Operating Officer
Head of APAC Research
Head of Americas Research
Global Head of Economics
Research
Global Head of Equity Research
Kinner Lakhani
Dave Clark
Anthony Klarman
Global Head of
Head of EMEA
Head of APAC
Debt Research
Equity Research
Equity Research
Andreas Neubauer
Spyros Mesomeris
Global Head of Quantitative
Head of Research - Germany
and QIS Research
International Production locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Securities Inc.
Deutsche Bank Place
2-11-1 Nagatacho
Filiale Hongkong
International Commerce Centre,
Sanno Park Tower
Corner of Hunter & Phillip Streets
Germany
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Japan
Australia
Deutsche Bank AG London
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
1 Great Winchester Street
60 Wall Street
London EC2N 2EQ
United Kingdom
United States of America