Investment rating: Purchase (maintenance) 31 October 2025, Tcl Science and Technology Bulletin 3rd Quarterly Report 2025, first three quarters of the company
One billion yuan, an increase of 99.75 per cent in the same year, and 2,429 million yuan in the net profit from non-return to the mother, an increase of 233.33 per cent in the same year. For the first quarter of 3q25, the company achieved business income of $50,403 million, an increase of 17.69 per cent in the same year, an increase of 10.67 per cent in the ring; and 1,163 million yuan in the single quarter net profit from the mother, an increase of the same year.
• A number of breakthroughs in core business, a proliferation of new and emerging areas, a comparison of company prices with the trend of 300 deep, a net profit of $3.9 billion for technology shareholders, an increase of 41.9 per cent.
A good dynamic, with a "high and steady size, high growth in small and medium dimensions, and full expansion in new and emerging areas," shows the potential for development resilience and growth. In the third quarter of 2025, large areas such as tv and commercial displays maintained a competitive advantage, with market shares rising by 5 to 25% on a year-on-year basis.
In the small and medium-sized segment of the market, breakthroughs were made in the following areas: in the area of IT, sales of mnt grew by 10 per cent on a year-on-year basis, running a competitive market with a 63 per cent increase in sales of nb on a year-on-year basis, with strong growth momentum; in the area of moving terminals, the volume of lcd mobile phones increased by 28 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and the market share increased by 4 percentage points.
Point to 14 per cent; flat-board market share 13 per cent, up by 6 percentage points from the same year, with the global ranking rising from fifth to second; vehicle loads showing a 47 per cent increase in the area of goods and a 3 per cent to 11 per cent increase in market share; and high growth in specialty operations.
The operations of the oled (t4, g6 generation) remain robust, the flexible oled mobile phone market is the fourth largest in the world, the product structure continues to improve, and the ratio of high-end machine output is rising. G5.5 printing of the oled line (t12) is steadily increasing from 3k/month to 9k/month, and production is increasing steadily from 3k/month to 9k/month.
Medical evidence indicates that the product has stabilized and is being rolled out to nb, mnt clients, with production expected to be achieved in the first half of next year. In late October, the company officially launched the first global high-generation print-out-led production line (t8 project).
Semiconductor material business: Company semiconductor material business insists on the “domestic lead, global catch-up” battle 1. Focus on three core business lines, enhancing business resilience by 28.7 per cent compared to 28.7 per cent growth.
Semiconductor material enterprises, which cover both domestic and foreign priority customers, have taken the lead in integrated competitive domestic industries. 2. The panels continue to improve profitability, with the expectation that companies will continue to enrich product and customer structures and enhance market competitiveness and influence.
New energy photovoltaic operations: In the first three quarters of 2025, companies achieved sales in new energy photovoltaics. 3.tcl science and technology: improved supply and demand + higher share, impact of loading, volatility in prices in the main industrial chain in the photovoltaic industry; with the deepening of counter-brief work, industry
The upstream price of the chain recovered further in July-September, gradually passed to the silicone chain, and the industry recovered its profits. The company created a matrix with a central ring of sunpower, tclsolar, tcl, further optimized product and customer structure, half a piece and bc components, bc output
The company has been working strategically with a number of large corporate clients in the country, and is accelerating the break-up of distributed markets, with markets like the Middle East, Latin America, and Australasia abroad growing rapidly. The panel price is volatile, competition in the market is increasing, the photovoltaic business is not restored as expected, and geopolitics are growing rapidly.
• Use information on legal compliance to produce the present report independently and objectively. The data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, to which I refer
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, have not been or will not be, either directly or indirectly, accepted in the future as a result of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.