On 13th of August 2019, performance over-expected + diversified development brought to the fore a great deal of excellence in the real estate sector.
The company published its semi-annual report for 2019. During the reporting period, the company achieved operating income of $7,112 million, an increase of 19.49 per cent over the same period. The company achieved net profits of $9.96 billion attributable to shareholders in listed companies, Wang Qiu Yi.
Our analysis and diagnosis: (i) the increase in the carry-over of high Maori and high equity projects resulted in a significant increase in performance
Net profit of $9.96 billion, an increase of 53.28 per cent in the same year; basic gain of $0.84 per share, an increase of 52.81 per cent in the same year, achieving a higher than expected growth. The reason for the higher performance of the company was an increase in the carry-over of: 1, high-māori projects. The carry-over profit level of the real estate operations of the Department of Public Administration continued to improve, with a gross real estate settlement rate of 40.96 per cent, compared with 40.96 per cent.
In the same period last year, the combined Māori rate and net interest rates increased by 5.68 percentage points to 39.77 per cent and high growth in performance in 2019, respectively. (ii) Market rankings advanced and continued to take advantage of deep urban farming.
By 2019, H1 had achieved a sales contract of $252.62 billion, an increase of 17.3% over the previous year. By 2019, H1 had developed needs in 104 cities, both within and outside the country.
The growth of deep-farming urban areas, which account for 60 per cent of the total number of second-line cities, and the structural distribution of residential products, which account for more than 90 per cent of the total, is dominated by ordinary dwellings below 144 square metres, meeting the prevailing market demand. Deep-farming urban sales remained stable, with Guangzhou achieving a contract of over $20 billion in January-June, Foshan and North.
Over $10 billion in Kyoto, Chengdu, Hangzhou, over $5 billion in 17 cities such as Wuhan, Nanking, etc. (iii) Continuously optimized resource structure and reasonably expanded 44 H1 extension projects in 2019, adding an average volume of 8.26 million square metres.
The cost of floor space is $6,452 per square metre. In the first half of the year, 78 per cent and 60 per cent, respectively, of the first two-line city expansion, the three- or-four-line city, mainly in the peri-urban layout of the Pearl Triangle and the Long Triangle, continued to optimize the reserve structure.
The planned completion rate for the year was 24% and the pace of completion was faster. (iv) Increased management of funds, increased risk resistance by up to 86%, achieved a significant increase in the rate of return in the context of tight funding. Companies issued $500 million in debt and medium-term votes.
(v) The expansion of the two-wing operations has brought new bright spots to the company1 and the interest industry has actively increased its outreach. As at 30 April, the contract management area was approximately 370 million square metres in the pipeline.
A total of nearly 200 million square metres has been accumulated, of which the Outer Space Project covers nearly 90 million square metres, and has submitted to the Chinese CVM and Hong Kong Association for the first public release of applications for offshore foreign investment stock listings: 2. Paulie Investment Advisers have continued to promote strategic cooperation with industry leaders and have increased cooperation with external developers, with 11 new cities and cumulative coverage of cities during the reporting period.
Projects, which continue to promote brands and manage exports in the light asset model. The company’s growing two-wing business brings new bright spots. 6.7 times, 5.5 times, and the market net 1.3 times. The company’s sales performance is increasing, the two-wing business is expanding, the company’s layout is expanding.
There is a risk of a significant drop in house prices, which could not be changed to the expected risks.