Real estate owners have grown robustly, capital structure has improved continuously, and performance has been higher than expected in most of the six-monthly years. In the first half of 2019, companies achieved operating income of $71,121 million, an increase of 19.49 per cent over the same period, and net return to mothers of $9,955 million, an increase of 53.28 per cent over the same period;
The six-month growth in corporate performance, which continued to outpace expectations, resulted mainly from: 1) the increase in the Māori rate for carry-over projects, which rose by 4.38 per cent in the first half of the year to 39.77 per cent in the same year; and 40.96 per cent in real estate operations, which increased by 5.68 percentage points in the same year. At the same time, net corporate interest rates were raised again.
By the end of June 2019, the company had prepaid $36,211.06 billion, an increase of 20.78 per cent in the same year, laying the foundation for future performance growth.
Over 75 per cent, 27 per cent of the two core urban clusters in the Pearl Triangle and the Long Triangle, respectively, are Pita, and the company currently has a total of 1,167 million square metres in construction and 76.18 million square metres to be developed in 104 cities, both within and outside the country, to meet the development needs of the next 2-3 years.
• Leveraging levels are manageable and financing costs are low. Corporate asset and liability rates grew robustly in the first half of 2019, investing well in the second half of the year.
Approximately 370 million square metres of industrial contract management area and nearly 200 million square metres of piped area, of which 3 are exterior property (60048): the sales project is close to 900 million square metres, and has been submitted to the CVM and the Hong Kong CVD for the first time.
Development of applications for offshore listing of foreign shares and listings; 2) new expansion of business management in the first half of the year 7 projects in shopping malls, hotels and apartments continued to promote branding and management in the light asset model
Export control; 3) Co-establishment of PolyTourism Development Co. Ltd. at 51%:49% equity ratio, registered at $100 million, corporate diversification continues to expand.
• Investment advice: the Poly Property Strategy’s Core Group of Cities, with precision in product positioning; and a strong corporate background that helps companies to acquire brand premiums and low financing costs and enhance competitiveness. Business operations risk: the risk of exchange-rate fluctuations: monetization of sheds is not what is expected.
Double annual performance over-expected growth 71,121 million yuan in operating income for companies in the first half of 2019, representing an increase of 19.49 per cent in the same year; net return profit of 99.55 billion yuan, representing an increase of 53.28 per cent in the same year; and rapid growth in corporate performance in the first half of the year, which continued to outpace expectations, mainly resulting from: 1)
The current growth rate has laid the foundation for future performance growth: good-looking sales, robust investments and continued deep-deep farming in second-line cities.In the first half of 2019, companies achieved 1,636.47 million square metres of sales, an increase of 12.56 per cent compared with 12.56 per cent in sales money.
In terms of outreach, companies continue to focus on second-line cities and core urban clusters. In the first half of 2019, 44 new corporate outreach projects, with additional projects covering 8.26 million square metres, decreased by 45.30 per cent in comparison with the previous year; the total cost is $53.3 billion, less than the same time, and the four-line cities continue to optimize their reserve structures, mainly around the urban clusters of the Pearl Triangle and the Long Triangle.
The company’s land reserves are relatively abundant, and currently it has an area of 11,670,000 square metres in construction and an area of 76,180,000 square metres to be developed in 104 cities, both inside and outside the country, to meet its development needs over the next 2-3 years. In terms of the structure of the area to be developed, the number of second-line cities is over 60 per cent; the proportion of Pearl Triangle and Long Triangle Cities is 46 per cent. In addition, the company is diversified.
The advantages of resource integration, which are evident in the channels of listing, mergers and acquisitions, collaborative development, retrofitting, industrial integration, and industry expansion.
Leveraging levels are manageable, financing costs are low, two-wing operations are expanding, the Pavli Industries are expanding, and the Pavlary Industries are increasing. 1) As of the end of April 19 Pavli Industries Contract Management
About 370 million square metres and nearly 200 million square metres of piped land, of which the outer-terrestrial project covers nearly 90 million square metres, have submitted to the Chinese CVM and the Hong Kong CVM the first publicly released application material for offshore foreign investment stock listing: 2) Poly Investment Advisers continue to promote strategic cooperation with industry leaders, covering over 200 businesses.
In the first half of the year, seven projects in new outreach shopping centres, hotels and apartments continued to promote brands and manage exports in the light asset model; (3) company announcements, together with the fully-owned subsidiary, Paulie (the Yokohama) Innovation Industries Investment Management Ltd., set up the PolyTourist Industries Development Ltd. at a ratio of 51 per cent:49 per cent equity, with a registered capital of 100 million yuan.
Poly-property investments have been strong in recent years, and land reserves have provided a solid basis for companies to expand their future sales. The strategic layout of the Division’s core cities is well-positioned; and the firm’s strong corporate background can help it to acquire it.
1) Higher volatility in the scale of sales in the industry: overall decline in the size of sales in the industry, and difficulties associated with home sales returns. 2) Policy adjustments result in business risks: mortgage lending rates go up significantly and home buyers ' mortgage repayments will increase significantly; and tax policies continue to tighten and real estate sales will be pressured, leading to a decline in the scale of sales.
3) The financial environment is generally tightened: bank lending lines are tight, bond issue rates are high, business mobility is exacerbated 4) Business operations risks: change in the cadre of enterprise managers and core business staff, slow progress in construction, hard work, too aggressive exposure to the risk of funding shortfalls.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board