
I don't know what to do with it.
I don't know, up/downside submary.polydevelopementannouncedinterimresourcesnetprofitsoardby 53.3% crrentprice
Torm10.bnin1h19.theströngresourceswereatbletothemarginimprovement and increaseofeliverygfa.wemaintainourforcastcastbutraisetpto chinapropertysector
rmb20.72afterrollingover2020ep/e.reinteratebuycommunication. samsonman, cfa interimresourcesjumped 53%.revenuenetprofitsurgedby 19.5%to
Rmb71.6bnand 53.3 per cent tomb10.0bnin1h19, reactively.theströngresults weredrivenbycreaseofeliverygfaandmarginimprovement.gmforpropertydedevelopmentexpandedby 5.7 pptsto41.0 per cent in 1h19.asaresult, overall
I'm sorry, ma'am, but I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Incorporatedby by 17.3% to 16.37mnsqmin1h19, recoverably.castcollactionrawowas 86% andcashprocededs Fromproved Salesamountedtorm216.8bnin1h19.sonetgeringratiostayedathealthy
If you're not going to be able to do it, you're going to have to do it again.
I don't know what you're talking about.
44 project sof 8.26mnsqmlandbankforconversionsoffrmb53.3bnin1h19. shareperformance duringtheperiod, newstartsandcomplementwere28.94mnsqmand11.67mn
qm, actively. Asatjun2019, gfaunderdevelopmentvere110.7mnsqmand76.2mnsqm, actively. Theseland banksweremainlymaterialated at the firststandscondtiersorcysormajorityclusters.
I'm sorry, weestimatenavtoberm25.11 pershare.
12-mthpriceperformance tospinoffitspropertymanagementbusinessinkex.asatapr2019, intmanaged (rmb)
549redentialcommunitiesand 268 non-reredentialpropertiesin136cities.toral concludedgfaread371.4mnsqmasatapr2019. reinteratebuyandraisetp.wemaintainyearsforeastunchanchedas
rb24.7bnin2019andrmb30.9bnin202020.butwerolloverourvaluationto source: bloomberg auditor:bdo
"polydevelopment (600048ch) - interimprofitsurged 59%" -22jul
"polydevelopment (600048ch) - pleasecastyourvalablevote for biresearchteaminthe
2019asiamoneybrokerpoll: source: companydata, cmbisestimates source: companydata
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's not like we're going to have to do this, but we're going to have to do this.
Orissaerthattheanalystoveredinthysreport: (1) alloftheviewsexpressedaccrelatelyreflecthorsorersonalviewsoutthesubjectsitesecuritys orissues; and (2) nopartofofhisorcompensationwas,is,orwillbe,directordirectly, relatedtotheotherspecialviewsexpressed bytheatanalyst inthisreport.
(b) since, since, theanalystconfirsthatneitheanalystnorhis/herassociates (asdefinedinthecodeofconduced by the Hongkongsecurities andfuturescompmission) (1) havedealtinortraddinthestock(s)coveredhisresearchworldof30caldardayspriortoothetateissue ofthisreport; (2) whillldelinortradehead(s)coveredhisresearchreport3businessdayofdateofdateissueissueofissuelifereport; (3)
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Outperform mark-perform underperform
I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America, and I'd like you to meet the President of the United States of America.
Importantdiscussions and bisdoesnotprovideindividulytailloredinvendmentationmentation.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm not sure if I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you, and I'm going to do it for you.
Oranyinterestinsecuritiesorienterintoanytransaction.neothers and bisnoranyofitsaffiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officeers oremployeesshelelbelelableforanylos, damageorensewhatever, whereotherdirectorconsequential, incurredinding theinformation containingthisreport.
I'm not sure if you're the only one who's got it, but I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it, and I'm the one who's the one who's got it.
The publicisations are different from the generalisation, point-of-viewanalyticalmethodswhencompiling.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to do it, but I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm not going to do it.
I don't know what it's like to be a part of the world, but I don't know what it's like to be a part of the world, but it's not a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, it's a part of the world, and it's a part of the world, and it's a part of the world, and it's a part of the world.
I'm not sure if I'm the one who's going to do it, but I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it for you.
Order 2005 (asamended Fromtimetotime)or (ii) arepersonsfallingwithinarticalle49 (2)(a)to(d)("hghnetworthcompanies, unincorporatedassociations, etc. ),oftheorder, andmaynotberovidtoanyothorpersonswofoutthepriorwrittenconsentof bis. thisportidentendedforfordstor"majorusinstitutionalinvestors", asdefinedrule15a-6undertheus, secrities15a-6unders.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know what you're talking about.
From, orinconnection with anotherport.