Half-yearly net gains are reported to have increased by up to 50% of the year's performance, and half-yearly performance in 2019 for Poly Estates (600048) The closing performance in the first half of 2019 increased significantly by 50.3%.
This represents an increase of 19.48 per cent over the previous year, mainly from the carry-over of project delivery and the increase in the carry-over of unit prices. The level of profits carried over from company real estate operations continued to improve, and the gross gross gross domestic product (GDP) was 40.96 per cent, an increase of 5.68 percentage points over the same period last year.
During the first half of the year, the overall sales were ranked fourth in the industry. In the first half of the year, the company was able to secure the sale of roe (ttm) and the sales of deep-farm cities remained stable. In January-June, Guangzhou was awarded over $20 billion.
In Beijing, Chengdu, Hangzhou, more than $10 billion, Wuhan, Nanjing, 17 cities, and more than $5 billion. The resource structure optimizes land reserves. In the first half of 2019, there were 44 new company expansion projects, with an additional volume of 8.26 million square metres, at a total cost of $53.3 billion.
With 78% and 60% respectively, three or four-line cities are located mainly around the bead triangle, long triangles, etc. Reserve structures are continuously optimized. In the context of sustainable development, cities together have an area of 11,667 square metres under construction and an area of 7,618 million square metres to be developed.
Rice, covering development needs over the next 2-3 years. The core area of continuous deep-deeping, with 4.61 million square metres in second-line cities, or more than 60 per cent, and 3,498 million square metres in bead triangles and long triangles, or 46 per cent. During the reporting period, 2,894 million square metres of new construction were opened and 1,167,000 were completed.
At the end of the reporting period, corporate asset-liability points and asset-liability structures continued to improve.
Over the same period last year, the rate rose by 8 percentage points to 86%, with a significant increase in the rate in the context of tight funding. On the other hand, companies issued $500 million in debt and an interim bill of $1.5 billion to reserve long-term funds at low cost, while receiving 15 billion corporate bonds and maintaining adequate financing.
The company proposes a “one-stop” development strategy, with a strong focus on real estate development, while accelerating the development of two-wing industrial market capabilities. Property management, sales agents, real estate finance, etc. are among the top sectors.
In support of the development of the main industry, a multi-industry co-development pattern is gradually developing, opening up a new scale and profit growth point. The Polytechnic industry has been active in increasing its outreach. As of 30 April, the contract management area stood at approximately 370 million square metres and the tube area was close to 200 million square metres, of which the outer-tone project was in the pipeline.
Nearly 900 million square metres have been submitted to the Chinese CSRC and Hong Kong Association for the first public release of applications for foreign shares and listing.
In the first six months of business management, seven new and expanded shopping malls, hotels, and apartments together, continue to promote goods in the light asset model, allowing for rapid growth.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.