The company reported a 58% increase in profits from the year 2019.
In the first half of the year, 58 per cent of the increase in profits was in line with expectations: the company published its semi-annual report in 2019, which achieved a growth of 1,451 million yuan in the first half, an increase of 58.01 per cent in the same year. The company achieved a profit of 960 million yuan in the first half of the year, an increase of 60.50 per cent in the same year and 95.68 per cent in the ring.
Batteries have been sold at a double profit and low-cost production has continued to expand: the company battery business has continued to grow at full capacity with about 6gw sales in the first half of the year, an increase of about 97 per cent over the previous half of the year, and the net profit of the subsidiary on solar energy in the first half of the year is $977 million, which is the main driving force behind the rapid growth in corporate performance.
It is expected that the high-efficiency crystal silicon cell project will be completed by the end of 2019 and the first half of 2020, with the expansion of battery production to 20gw, further consolidating the competitive advantage.
The sales of silicon materials have increased significantly, and the prices are expected to rise rapidly in the season: in the first half of the year, the company achieved 228,000 tons of polycrystal silicon, an increase of 163 per cent in the same year, the Māori rate of 16.98 per cent, the old Leysan is still fully productive, and the share of monocrystals has now reached 80 per cent.
With the release of new industrial capacity and domestic loading peaks, multi-crystal silicon prices are expected to rise from the current prices, and the company silicon operations are expected to increase substantially. Agricultural plate revenue increases, and the Māori rate has been slightly stressed: company feed sales have increased in the first half of the year on average.
Seventeen per cent of feed and related business income increased by 14 per cent over the same period, but was affected by a low level of farm production, market competition and, under the current stock capital, a combination of supply and demand in the industry and price changes in the industry chain led to corporate policy risks in the photovoltaic industry; the risk of excess capacity in photovoltaic manufacturing; and fluctuations in the prices of raw materials for feed.
Silver and Chinese International Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy business Agroforestry and Fisheries: Feeding
Lee Colleen.