Two silicon, two battery flowers, one table in the top and one in the second half of 2019.
perc batteries are the main reason for exceeding expectations: 1) Battery: Chengdu and compost new production capacity were produced in succession, and the first half of the year was about 5.8gw, an increase of about 97% over the same period, with a significant scale effect. From the first half of the year, the prices of the perc batteries continued to be high, and battery profits continued to be higher than expected.
The net profit from battery contributions of about $1 billion, an increase of about 200 per cent over the same period, was the main reason for the excess performance of companies in the first half of the year. (2) Polycrystal silicon: combined production of about 60,000 tons of production capacity, 118 to 130 per cent; and the relative low prices of polycrystal silicon in the first half of the year, which affected the release of multicrystal silicon elasticity.
In the first half of the year (silicon polycrystal + chemical) profits were measured at around $300 million, which is a drop in the same year. 3) Agriculture: the volume of water feed sold increased by about 25 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the net profit of the agricultural plate was 1.5-1.8  silicon, the battery flower opened two times, and the battery production capacity of the company was 12gw in the top and second half of the year.
Perc production capacity of 9gw, which in the first half of the year benefited from high perc battery prices and a steady increase in efficiency gains, and battery profits were higher than expected. Perc batteries were reduced to a reasonable level of single multi-crystal price differentials over time, contributing to the expansion of demand for single-crystal chains and deterring perc in the industry.
Battery expansion impulses. Company size advantages are clear, cost controls are fine, perc battery non-silicon costs have been reduced to 0.20-0.25/w, industry-wide lead, battery prices are measured in July. With domestic policies going down, three or four quarters of the world's light market will be followed by competitions in July.
The multi-crystal silicon industry has been able to release and digest its production from the first half of the year to mid-year.
The profits will be significantly improved, and the profits from the effective hedge battery price reduction will be diluted. High growth, high profit elasticity. 2019-04-18 Battery double-material taps.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board