By the time he grew, he had benefited significantly from the second half of the season. 09/09/2019.
1. The company published its semi-annual report for 2019, which enabled it to achieve operating income of 16.24 billion yuan in the first half of 2019, an increase of 29.39 per cent in the same year; the net profit of shareholders belonging to listed companies of 1,451 million yuan, an increase of 58.01 per cent in the same year; the net profit of the parent after deducting non-recurring gains and losses of 1,386 million yuan, an increase of 55.69 per cent in the same year; and the increase in the company ' s performance and profitability as a result of the sale of basic major products.
Products such as materials, which are now more competitive, silicon and battery-forming capacity are continuously being released and are at a better stage of growth. In the first half of the year 2019, additional production capacity was released, with companies selling 228,000 tons of silicon, an increase of 162.85 per cent compared to the same year; battery production, about 6gw, an increase of 97 per cent compared to the same year; feed sales, a 17 per cent increase compared to the same 17 per cent increase in the same volume, and special-purpose feed sales, an increase of 61 per cent compared to the same 25 per cent.
The cost of profit is continuously optimized, with companies achieving a Māori rate of 22.01 per cent in the first half of the year, an increase of 2.44 percentage points in the same year, and a decrease in the size of the employee’s remuneration, driving the cost of sales down by 0.77 percentage points to 2.70 per cent in the same year. The company eventually achieved a net return of 1.45 billion yuan, an increase of 58 per cent in the same year, and a net asset return rate of 8.83 per cent, the highest level in the last half of recent years.
Tungwee Shares (600438.sh): Re-introduction of photovoltage for release of future performance growth. 209.04 The single crystal silicon ratio improvement will boost the profitability of silicon operations. In the first half of 2019, the company ' s 20,000 tons of silicon old production will be fully productive. To date, it has been old.
Tung Wai shares (600438), low-dwelling gold, new-week growth, 2019.01 is over 80% of single-crystal material. New-crystal capacity is expected to rise to 80-85% of single-crystal material in the second half of 2019.
At the moment, the company can produce about 140% of its design capacity, and the company's silicon business is expected to increase in the second half of the year.
In the first half of the year, the average capacity of the company’s solar cell business was about 100%, and the sales of batteries were about 6gw, an increase of about 97%. In the context of lower battery prices in the first half of the year, the company further optimized the non-silicon cost through process and production controls, with the battery business subsidiary making a net profit of 980 million yuan in solar energy (combined fertilizer).
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd. has a low-season phase effect, and battery bill prices have fallen further, but with the start of domestic and foreign installation in the third quarter, demand stimulus is expected to push battery bill prices back to the bottom.
Building No. 1 of the 9th House of the City of the West Side of Beijing City, based on its leading cost advantage, the company launched the four-stage high-efficiency battery fragments project in the first half of the year, with production expected to continue from the end of 2019 to mid-2020, with the company producing 20gw, and the competitive advantage will be further consolidated.
Domestic and foreign demand resonance supports the industry’s high profile, and the long line is expected to grow. During the first half of the year, as a result of the unsettled policy of domestic photovoltaics, 11.4gw was achieved in the country, a 53% decline compared to the previous period, and the policy is now fully in place, with domestic installed aircraft expected to grow at about double the ring in the next half of the year, as the policy matrix is set and prices in the industrial chain fall, and the economic dimension is further highlighted, price-neutral projects are put in place, and future demand for domestic photovoltaics abroad are expected to grow.
On the other hand, domestic component exports in the first half of the year increased by 86% compared to the same year, with more sustained demand from overseas as trade policy’s impact on photovoltaics faded and the emerging market’s photovoltaic economy became apparent, and domestic and foreign demand resonance would support the industry’s high profile. In such a domestic and foreign context, Tungwei actively used its own strengths to expand advanced production capacity, with new technologies, new products, and companies expected to grow stronger and stronger in the future in the second half of 2019.
Risk factors: policy support does not match expected risks; force majeure risks; overseas market demand does not match expected risks; production and release processes do not match expected risks; industry competes.
Chen Chen, Research Assistant, Master of Studies, University of Jilin, July 2018, Joining the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, is currently engaged in new energy research. Sinda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the Chinese CVM. This report is produced and published by Sindha Securities. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sindha securities and provides support and reference for investment decisions with this group of clients. Both parties have strictly agreed rights and obligations.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The price, value and investment income of the securities or investment funds referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of securities or investment objects should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. At different times, or through the use of different assumptions and criteria, different perspectives and analytical methods have led to the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which special notice may not be given.