Low-cost flagships accelerate release, with semi-annual reports of high performance by Hong Kong and Hong Kong issuing a semi-annual performance forecast for 2019. The company is expected to return in the first half of 2019.
The company achieved net return profit of 491 million yuan. The company was measured to have achieved 201902.
In the first half of 2019, the cumulative output of the company's solar cells grew by about 97 per cent, and we calculated it to be about 5.91gw. Newly built 3.2gw and compost 2.3gw high-efficiency crystals at the beginning of the year.
The production capacity of the Silicon Batteries Project has been upgraded and has reached 78%. The overall production capacity of the company ' s battery business is now over 110%.
Income structure (2018a) and non-silicon costs are further optimized and profitability is increased. Additional production of silicon is faster to release, low-cost taps are profitable or will improve
In the first half of the year, high crystal silicon prices were relatively low, and the company’s high crystal silicon business remained profitable for the last six months, compared to 300 deep.
The first phase of the energy project was completed by the end of 18th year, with a total of 60,000 tons of additional capacity released on a step-by-step basis during the first half of the year (20%). The total volume of production and sales is expected to exceed 20,000 tons. The company expects that the production targets will continue to be optimized to achieve the full release of the additional capacity of h2.
Domestic demand will also be officially activated. The company’s new production capacity is accelerating its release, and we are looking at the company’s performance throughout the year, maintaining the company’s “growth” rating.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.