Performance rating in the daily consumption of foods, beverages and tobacco (600438) - performance continues to be bright and prominent
Events: The company issued a mid-2019 performance announcement, during which the company realized full production of its business income, sold its battery business and continuously increased its capacity utilization. The company ' s battery portfolio continued to be fully sold in the first half of the year, with a sales volume of about 6gw, an increase of about 97% compared to the previous year, and was new at the beginning of the company ' s year.
The production capacity of the 6.4gw high-efficiency silicon cell project has been built on the premise that, during the reporting period, the average capacity utilization rate for the company ' s solar cell operations has remained around 100 per cent, with the current monthly capacity utilization of the new production line having exceeded 110 per cent and has been maintained.
During the reporting period, the company launched a four-phase project on high-efficiency crystal silicon cells in Chengdu and Maroon Hill, which is expected to be completed successively between the end of 2019 and the first half of 2020, with a further expansion of solar cell capacity to 20gw in the public sector.
The total market value/flow (millions of yuan) will increase gradually, as will the company ' s presence in the solar cell industry, the industry ' s influence will increase effectively, the cost advantages will be added and research and development will accumulate in industrial technology.
The company's competitive advantage in the industry will be further consolidated through the continued application of the system, with performance ratings reported in the shares of the Tonway (600438) and the shares of the Tonway (60438).
In silicon, the company now produces high-purity crystals, continues to be over-expected, and the profitability is high.
During the reporting period, the company’s original capacity of 20,000 tons of high-purity crystal silicon was fully operational, with a single crystal material ratio of over 80%. The company’s output per day was within 40,000 yuan.
Attaining efficiency levels of 80-85% in the third and fourth quarters of the year, accelerating the import substitution process, and further reducing the shortage of domestic monocrystal material supply, taking advantage of the competitive advantage of aquatic feed.
Material operations highlight the competitive advantages of aquatic feed from core products, continue to improve the quality of products, build core competitiveness of products and aggregate prices, in conjunction with the upgrading of the market consumption structure, step by step optimize the product structure, increase the share of aquatic feed in total feed, and increase the share of aquatic feed in total feed.
In marketing, companies have increased their efforts to develop and continuously optimize customer structures, focus on high-quality clients, and upgrade core sales networks. At the same time, they are actively exploring high-quality marketing models and adjusting marketing team incentives.
In the reporting period, the company's feed sales (600438) were rated on Tonway's shares - performance continued to be impressive, with the leading position highlighting an increase of 17 per cent over the same year, with a 25 per cent increase in aquatic feed and a 61 per cent increase in special feed over the same year.
In the case of photovoltaic power, the company has already been working in Jiangsu-dong, Jiang Su-yang, Jiang Namchang, Guangxichin, Hu-bei-Tianmen, Hiro.
At the end of the reporting period, the company accumulated 1389mw installed and networked, with 825.45 million degrees of electricity generated during the reporting period.
In doing so, the company has focused mainly on building and upgrading differentiated competitiveness, highlighting the combined efficiency advantages of “sustainable water-based clean energy and underwater high-quality water products.” Along with this, it has focused on “543” cost targets, pushing the speed of photovoltaic parities to access the Internet.
Investment proposals: The company’s PV block continues to function, its capacity is expanding steadily, its products are becoming more popular and its profitability is increasing. The company’s net profits are expected to be reported in 2019-2021 in the shares of Tonway (600438) – performance continues to be bright and leadership is high.
I'm at the Academy, 9 North Avenue, north of Beijing City West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business, operating securities licence No. 1348000. The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for information purposes only and do not constitute bids or enquiries for the sale of the securities in question. I am not responsible for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents.
Companies or associated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or on behalf of the companies mentioned in the report