Tungway shares (600438) electrical equipment Silicon & Batteries double-heads, robust performance growth, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: the company achieved operating income of RMB 16.12 billion, an increase of 29.4 per cent in the same year, a net profit of RMB 1.45 billion, an increase of 58 per cent in the same year, a net profit of RMB 1.39 billion, an increase of 55.7 per cent in the same year, and a marked improvement in the net cash flow from operating activities of RMB 1.191 billion, an increase of 62.8 per cent in the same year.
Of this amount, q2 achieved a revenue of $9.96 billion, an increase of 37.5 per cent over the same period, a net profit of $960 million to the mother, an increase in the same year, and a continued high rate of battery production capacity, the price of which is now at the bottom: the company battery business has continued its upward trend during the reporting period. With the continuous optimization of process levels and management efficiency, production is expected to be used during the year.
Short-term mismatches between supply and demand have led to a rapid fall in the price of single crystal perc batteries, and, at current price levels, large sub-enterprises are already in a state of loss and will be on the recovery path as demand starts. • The company’s silicon material will improve in the second half of the year in terms of overall quantity, price, cost, and profitability will increase significantly: (1)
Volume: Silicon material released in the first half of the year was approximately 22 million tons, of which about 50 per cent were new and old, with new capacity affected by productivity climbs and head accidents, releasing only 30 per cent of capacity, fully releasing capacity in the second half of the year, and expected to deliver twice as much as in the first half of the year; (2) price: average company monocrystal ratio in the first half of the year was only 40 per cent
Average unit prices will increase significantly over the six-month period; (3) cost: depreciation costs will account for 20-25 per cent of the cost of multi-crystal silicon, new production will be affected by the landslides in the first half of the year and capacity utilization will be low, thus increasing production costs, which will decrease further in the second half of the year as the capacity utilization increases.
The capacity of silicon and battery tablets has expanded rapidly, with significant advantages: by the end of the reporting period, the company had produced 80,000 tons of silicon and 12gw, ranking in the second and first generation of global capacity. In March 2019, the company launched a four-phase project in Chengdu and a one-phase project in Myeongsan, with solar energy projected for the end of 2019.
Battery size will reach 20gw, further increasing industry concentration, and consolidating the company’s advantages in solar-powered battery chains. The gradual release of silicon, new cell block capacity will significantly lower the average production cost for 19 years, and the power plant size will continue to grow steadily: as of 19h1, the company’s power plant has reached 1390mw.
19H1 generated 820 million degrees of electricity, corresponding to an income of 510 million, an increase of 90% over the same period. The company has been implementing the “543” strategy for many years, and through design optimization and technological innovation, the combined investment cost of the current project has been reduced from $6-7/w two or three years ago to around $4/w. The company is now competing for approximately 800mw+ on hand-off-off-prices.
With input, the average conversion efficiency of the company's single crystal perc battery output is currently 22.3 per cent, up from the beginning of the year.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.