Tungway shares (600438.sh) Song Qiumue showed a 58% increase in performance in the first half of the year and battery chips contributed to the main performance.
The company published its semi-annual report in 2019, when H1 achieved operating income of $16,124 million, an increase of $US 1 billion, an increase of 55.6 per cent, an increase of 55.6 per cent in the same year.
That is, large-scale construction will start in September, and the prices of the industrial chain are expected to recover rapidly during the season. A 58% increase in performance in the first half of the year is forecast: 16,124 million yuan in operating income was achieved in the first half of 2019, an increase of 2,939 million yuan in the same year, and a net profit to the mother of 1,451 million yuan, an increase of 58.01% in the same period.
The release of new production capacity for silicon material will increase in the second half of the year: 60,000 tons of new production capacity have been scaled up by last year's end, 20,000 tons of old capacity will be fully sold, 228 million yuan of pure crystallized silicon will be sold in the first half of the year, an increase of 16285 per cent over the same period, and production costs will be up to 40,000 yuan/ton.
The price of single crystals is stable at around $75/kg, the price of multiple crystals continues to drop to $57/kg, raising the share of single crystals will effectively raise the average sales price by a thicker gross, and the battery is profitable for the first half of the year, and the season is expected to rebound at a lower point in the year immediately: the first half of the year.
The yield of the film was 6gw, a 97% increase in the same year, and the non-silicon cost was further reduced, with an average capacity utilization rate of 100% still achieved at 6.4gw at the beginning of the year in the event of a new capacity climb and a further increase in capacity utilization to 110-120% in the second half of the year.
Out, the company ' s battery plate has made a profit of $977 million, contributing to higher performance in the first half of the year. Since July, the price of the perc single crystal battery has fallen sharply by more than 20 per cent owing to a lack of demand to support it, and is now 0.90-0.92/w, which has already fallen into the cash cost of the old perc line, and is expected to be low throughout the year, with domestic demand starting at an imminent rate.
Prices are expected to rebound, while single multi-crystal price differentials are reduced, and single-crystal perc ratios highlight the potential to open up demand outside the sea. Firm expansion of companies, with a total of 8gw of high-efficiency silicone cell projects in Chengdu IV and Yonsan, will be completed by the end of this year and the first half of next year.
Profit forecast: This year's subsidy bid item 22.8gw was published in July, and after the pre-preparation process was completed, it is expected to enter the start of the construction season in September, which will require 19 years of grid-connection in accordance with the competitive bid. The current price of multi-crystal silicon and battery cells at the bottom due to lack of demand support is expected to grow rapidly in the season.
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients.
All or part of the report is printed for any purpose.