Performance rating in the daily consumption of food, beverages and tobacco (600438) - performance continues to exceed expectations and profitability is high
Events: The company issued its mid-2019 performance advance announcement, and the company expects a significant increase in the volume of battery operations and a gradual increase in capacity utilization during the year 2019. During the reporting period, the company was able to increase the cumulative volume of solar batteries by about 97% over the same period, with an advantage in size.
The built-up 3.2gw and compost 2.3gw high-efficiency silicone cell projects have been detested and upgraded to production levels, which reached 78% in the first half of the year, and currently exceed 110% in the whole company battery business. At the same time, production process indicators and non-silicon costs are added.
By the end of 2019, the company's solar power battery is expected to reach 20gw, further increasing industry concentration and consolidating the company's total equity/flow (million shares) in the Sun.
The silicon business continues to be profitable. In the first half of the year, with a relatively low price of high pure silicon, the company’s high-purity silicon business continues to be profitable on a continuous basis.
Tungwei shares (600438) "Tongwee shares " , progressive release of increased capacity, higher production and sales on a par, annual (600438) and quarterly reviews of production indicators --
In the first half of the year, about 20% of the production capacity of the new project was released, and it is expected that in the second half of the year, high-efficiency batteries will continue to function and performance growth will be fully released. The company’s silicon production capacity is now in the top three ranks of the world.
And with the full application of years of technological accumulation and scientific research, there have been dozens of optimizations and upgrades in terms of advanced process design and system reliability, with production costs falling to 40,000, taking advantage of the competitive advantages of aquatic feed and increasing sales.
The raw material business highlights the competitive advantages of aquatic feed for core products, enhances the sale of specials and the development of large customers, and the volume of aquatic feed sales has increased by about 25% on a year-on-year basis, supporting corporate performance.
Volt terminals have the unique advantage of resource integration, resulting in an innovative development model of “up-to-up-up-up-up-up-up-to-up-up-up-up-up-to-fish” fishing light, which has improved the single operation of conventional photovoltaic power plants and the way they receive benefits, and has expanded the application of photovoltaic technology in conjunction with the company's 365 Healthy Farm Model.
In terms of the cost of investing in photovoltaic power stations, the company has been implementing a “543” cost strategy for years, reducing the amount of photovoltaic power plants per year by less than RM/w through design optimization and technological innovation; 2019 is expected as technology progresses and design options are further optimized.
Performance continues to exceed expectations, profitability is highlighted, costs are reduced to within $4.00/w, access to the Internet is fully accelerated, and industry is promoted.
The net profits of the company are expected to continue to outperform expectations for 2019-2021 and to be highly profitable.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.