Deeply benefiting from car intelligence and 5g commercial landings, with elastic future performance — advanced manufacturing by China: electronic semiconductor:  (300470)
The firm will continue to focus on this area, and it will increase its productivity through increased electricity and micro-electricity.
By the end of 2019, the construction of the Yellowstone II plant is planned to be completed and put into operation, and companies will benefit fully from the domestic trend of car intelligence in the future. By doing so, the company and China are well-developed, and they are expected to contribute significantly to the development of the company’s carboard business.
The products of the company ' s communication boards are divided into three main categories: digital communications, wireless networks, and others. The company ' s digital communications products are enriched, and the beneficial cloud calculates the continuing high level of investment.
The company has consolidated the production and management resources of the Quantium and Yellowstone plants, significantly increasing their production resilience, and is fully prepared to build the 5g network. The company currently has more than enough capacity, but the relevant capacity is in stock, although it is currently expanding its capacity.
The company currently has a high capacity utilization rate in all three sectors, but in 2019 it mainly pushed the Yellowstone II phase, with little capital spending. But from the point of view of corporate coordination, the company has sufficient and rapidly expanding productive capacity.
Given the time elasticity of the process, subsequent demand increases significantly and can be quickly released. Companies are able to store their capacity on existing land and capital resources, without considering the continued optimization of the product structure, and have sufficient productive capacity to respond quickly to demand as long as it is visible.
The process of restructuring the 28th Peace Rixie Street in Beijing's West Side has continued, and the company has gained a comparative advantage and agile performance in the 5g and new energy automobile industries.
5g push was less than expected; overall traffic was down than expected; competition in the industry increased.
China (Sichuan) Free Trade Experiment (Sichuan)
The company’s main business focuses on large-scale printed circuit boards, which are used downstream mainly on communication boards, automobiles, public and industrial control boards, starting to consume electronics and aerospace plates. The company’s output has expanded more robustly in recent years, with high capacity utilization, but based on available land, infrastructure and environmental resources, the company has achieved rapid expansion.
The company’s product restructuring in recent years has contributed to increased profitability, benefiting fully from car intelligence and 5g commercial landings, and has performed well over the next three years. The company’s motorboard business has grown steadily, with its customers and product structures continuously optimized.
Production efficiency and quality have improved continuously, and companies will continue to focus on this area, maintaining and expanding their competitive advantage by increasing their investment in production efficiency improvements in micro-electricity. Meanwhile, the construction of the Yellowstone 2 plant is planned to be completed and put into use by the end of 2019, in preparation for the demand that will follow up on the recovery of the automobile electronics market.
Corporate telecommunications boards are divided into three main categories: digital communications, wireless networks, and others. Company digital communication products are fully beneficial. Cloud computing has a high level of investment. Wireless is mostly a top 5g commercial client in the communications industry.
The company has consolidated the production and management resources of the plants, and has significantly increased production flexibility and made every effort to build a 5-g network. 2. The company currently has adequate production capacity, but there are sufficient stocks of relevant capacity, although investment in expansion is currently weak.
But demand drives production capacity quickly. The company’s current capacity utilization in all three sectors is high, but capital spending was modest in 2019, mainly in the form of the Yellowstone II phase.
In 2019, the Division built on existing land and capital resource reserves, and without taking into account the continued optimization of the product structure, the company ' s output restructuring since the relocation of the company ' s plant began to yield results, the capacity to produce remained high, and the potential for future expansion was large enough to respond quickly to intelligent motorization of vehicles, and, in mid-2018, to the fact that it had been able to make a difference.
The volume of business growth brought about by the outbreak of demand in 5g and the elasticity of the company’s performance in the coming years are wide-ranging. Current valuation of corporate profitability projections and valuation levels: 5g and the new energy automobile industry have a comparative advantage, performance elasticity and space availability.
I. Corporate development history, physical control of persons and equity structure