Information technology hardware and equipment.
Pcb suppliers with technology accumulated in the field of communications. The shares of the power plant were established in 1992 and the technology was used for the transfer of experience and technology derived from Nanjian electronics, and were listed in 2010 in a stock market, mainly for the production and sale of printed circuit boards, including single-to-dual panels and multi-story panels, hdi, circuits.
The company’s main products are the company’s communication boards and motor panels, which in 2018 accounted for the losses of the Yellowstone plant, and the company’s profit release in 2018, which generated $5,497 million, an increase of 18.8%, compared to the net return of $570 million, an increase of 18.3%.
The company pcb, which will be used as a base station for key components, will benefit.
The annual global hardboard market size of the 5g base station is 47/1181 billion yuan, while the 4g+5g base station is hard. Total market value/flow (million yuan) covers a decline in demand of 4g, with limited overall growth in communications infrastructure pcb.
The construction peak of 5g will drive the base station into a high-growth period, with demand expected in three years.
The return of the powerful has paved the way for the new generation of telecommunications & car frequency microwave panels, backboards and very low domestic yields, company and deep south circuits as a communication pcb industry change - 2019/03/26
Strong supplier certification creates a higher market entry for new entrants.
The electronics industry -  (002463): 5g test products, mass test products, etc., which takes more than 2-3 years to accumulate. Also, the most powerful pcb enterprise, which differs from the flagship valuation
The quality and reliability of the 5g equipment is a build-up that takes time, so the equipment will be repaired in the early stages of construction of the 5g equipment - 2019/02/27.
(002463) Pacific Securities - Electronic Industry -  (002463)
Competitiveness and market position in the area of communications pcb, taking into account the historical valuation of companies, the impact of our leading position - 2018/10/20.
Innovation 1. We predict the size of the market for the next three years with a 5g cardboard based on the pcb value of the single base station. We expect the size of the global 5g cardboard market to be 2019-2021.
47/172/28.9 billion in hardboard market size for 4g+5g stations. We believe that the 5g increase in 2019 will cover the decline in demand for 4g, and that the overall growth in communications infrastructure pcb will be limited.
2. We compare the downstream distribution of domestic marketed pcb manufacturers with the customer structure and consider the pcb producers who enjoy the 5g dividend to be quite modest. We believe that, despite the large number of domestic pcb manufacturers, the applications are more widely distributed, with companies accounting for more than 30% of the communications panels having only deep south circuits, stockholdings, etc.
The four types of Xinyang Electronics and Zonta Technologies. The relatively low concentration of customers in Xinyang Electronics and Xinda Technologies, 23.95 per cent and 25.22 per cent, respectively, of Cr5 in 2018, shows that they are still at a low level of supply to large clients downstream of the industry. We therefore believe that the short-term benefit of 5g is communications pcb supply.
Business is mainly deep south circuits and shares.3 We have analysed the barriers to competition in the communication boards, which we believe are mainly technical barriers, barriers to customer certification, and reliability. The processing of high-frequency high-speed materials is relatively difficult; stringent supplies are available.
Qualitative certification creates high market entry barriers for new entrants; the quality and reliability requirements of 5g equipment make it possible for equipment firms to use pre-existing long-term co-operative electronics in the early stages of the construction of 5g equipment: short-term benefit demand, double share increase, long-term prospect of replication of village field growth paths
Electronics: short-term needs for benefits, double shares, long-term prospects for replication of village growth paths
(i) Old-fashioned pcb company with a background: Xanax shares are mainly used in the production and sale of printed circuit boards, including single-dual panels and multi-story panels, hdi, electrical panel assembly products, etc.
The company's main products are the company's communication boards and motor panels, which were divided in 2018 as a percentage of income  the company's communications boards  the car board and the industrial equipment board  the consumer electronic board  other consumer electronic components produced for use on computer mainframes, computer peripherals and simulators; the main production technology
In 1997, as a result of the Asian financial crisis, Nandi e-client orders were no longer able to meet their own productive needs, leading to a significant reduction in the number of orders transferred to companies and insufficient start-up rates. To change the passive billing situation, companies began to operate.
A team led by Nelson Guo, former Director of Operations in the US of Multiek, has started to develop and produce 3.2mm-4.2mm plateboards and medium-sized panels within the 10th floor of "21 x 32 inches" that are based on the market for telecommunications equipment.
So, the company started independently developing markets, technologies, and products, and began to take separate bills. Chart 2: The history of the power shares has changed.
Equity structure: The company’s actual controlling person is the Ng Rei family, indirectly holding the shares of the shares via the Biggering, and the Happyunion. The company’s current general manager, Wu So-bing, is the eldest son of Wu Ree-bing, who has entered the company’s 10 largest shareholders since the year, with a steady rise in the share ratio, can be seen as being favoured by foreign investors. We go to the other side in May.
At the time of the company’s research, research records also show that some of the qf11 funds are also paying constant attention to the company. (ii) After the effects of the moving plant, the recovery of profitability benefited from the increase in the capacity utilization of the new plant in Kunshan and the loss of the Yellowstone plant, the company gained a profit in 2018.
In 2019, q1 continued its high growth trend, with its revenue rising by 1,363 million yuan, or 16.6 per cent, and its net return by 162 million dollars, or 131.5 per cent.
The current company’s production capacity is distributed mainly in three factories: the Quimori Emblem, the new plant in Kunsan, and the Yellowstone Plant. The main product of this product is car pcb, which has limited elasticity in terms of environmental emission limits; and the Quinsan Green Manumen Plant, which is a new factory in Kuensan.
The end product was transferred to the Yellowstone I plant in an orderly manner, the product structure was gradually optimized, and the 5g network was actively prepared; the Yellowstone I plant lost in 2018, production capacity is expected to increase further, and the construction of the Yellow II plant to locate the carboard is expected to be completed by the end of 2019. Currently, the capacity of the company’s three plants is high, with no blind expansion and sufficient reserve capacity.
Current land and sewage indicators are adequate in the Yellowstone area, and if downstream demand continues, companies can rapidly expand their capacity in one year, with an estimated 2 billion elasticity, or one third of the current capacity. Other pcb producers may be more aggressive in planning their capacity than simply obtaining more sewage indicators, and not immediately expanding their production.
The company’s Māori ratio has moved out of the V-word shape since it was listed, mainly because of its ability to produce in Quanshan, in 2014-2016, to match the electronics: short-term needs for benefits, double shares, and long-term prospects for replicating village growth paths.
The company’s success rate and capacity were significantly affected by the move of the new plant. With the gradual recovery in capacity utilization, and the demand of the downstream corporate communication boards for nearly a year, companies chose only high Māori-rate orders, and the company entered a profit release period in 2018.
What about the company? The answer to that question is 5g, and we'll answer two questions in the following two chapters: what does it have to do with the pcb? Why do you choose the share of the power?
(i) The global hardboard market for 5g stations, 2019-2021, at the size of $43.6 billion, pcb, divided by application into seven categories: communications, computers, consumer electronics, engineering medicine, motor electronics, aerospace and sealing boards. Thanks to the construction of the 3/4g communications network and the extensive use of automobile electronics, from 09 to 18 years of operation.
The ratio of pcb output in mail and automobile electronics rose to 27.8 per cent and 11.9 per cent, respectively, and was the fastest growing area for pcb applications. We believe that the structural growth of pcb in communications and automobiles will not end, and that the advent of the next 5g and car-connection era will remain a strong driving force for the pcb industry.
Figure 8: Distribution of pcb downstream applications
Single-base station circuit boards, valued at $15,000-28,000, are about three times the 4g base station circuit board, and the breakdown is detailed in the annual global hardboard market of 47/181 billion for 5g base stations and 128/172.28 billion for 4g plus 5g base stations. We believe that the growth of 5g in 2019 will cover the decline in demand of 4g, and that the communications base market will cover the decline of 4g.
Pcb’s overall growth is limited. The construction peak of 5g from 2020 will drive the base station into a high-growth period, with demand expected to double in three years.
The Chinese telecommunications company, currently represented by China, has a relatively closed pcb supply chain for core equipment and modules and transmission equipment, with three deep south electric power producers accounting for more than 70 per cent of its share, which may take one to two years from certification to large bulk supply, and the start-up pcb has already won valuable development time.
By the first release of the 5g license, the company’s business will be growing at a high rate. (ii) Competition patterns are fragmented, the pcb sector has a prominent niche, and Taiwan’s Japan has a leading position. Due to the special nature of the pcb sector, downstream applications are available.
According to Prismark's statistics on the 2017 pcb industry, the top 10 producers earned $19.707 billion, or 33.5% of the city. Taiwan's producers successfully seized the opportunity of Apple innovation in 2017, surpassing Japan's strong global pcb industry.
First, it can also be seen that mainland China has not entered the top 10 producers in the world, with only three of the top 30 domestic firms on the list. Its Middle East mountain is ranked 12 by buying the United States ' mflx, while deep south circuits and Xinyang Electronics are ranked 19 and 28.
There are a large number of pcb manufacturers in the country, but the applications are more widely distributed, with companies accounting for more than 30% of the communications panels only having deep south circuits, power shares, Xinwang Electronics, and Zonta Technologies. The main applications of the Xinyang Electronics are 23.95% and 25.22%, respectively, which shows that they still have lower levels of supply for their large downstream customers and deeper.
The ratio of income to the eight-year income ratio of the South Circuit and the Tsang shares is around 25%. And, looking at the global telecommunications pcb market, the market is more fragmented and the shares of the top five firms are closer.
In terms of income, deep south and power is in a higher position. At the technical and customer level, global electronics number one: short-term demand for benefits, double share, long-term prospect of copying village growth paths.
E-Technology is China's main supplier, but it is also an important supplier of equipment, such as Ericsson, Nokia and Cisco. The remaining foreign investors are mainly the suppliers of Ericsson, Nokia, Cisco, Samsung, and three, the competitive advantage analysis of power shares.
Are there any other manufacturers in the country that have the opportunity to cut into the 5g business as a supplier, apart from the pcb tap companies deep south circuits and knob shares? We analyse the competitive advantage of the 5g pcb threshold from a technical and customer perspective with the knob shares. (i) Technology accumulation of communication boards
The main material in pcb for 5g can be divided into two categories: 1. High frequency boards; 2. High speed boards. The high frequency boards are used primarily at the front end of the antenna and radio frequency, usually using a mix of high frequency (ptfe and hydrogen) and fr-4 pressure. Because of the softer quality of the fr-4 material, the mix is less consistent and more difficult to produce.
It's a high multilayer, especially the core network with a backboard of up to 20 layers (as opposed to a normal pcb layer of 4, 6, 8), and the higher rate of data requires that the base station be smaller in size, that the width of the line be further refined, and that the technology is naturally more difficult. In general, because of the difficulty of handling high-frequency high-speed materials, firms with no technical experience want to cut in and raise the rate of penetration.
Figure 13: Backboard technology requirements for transmission capacity 400g and above
At present, the number of companies in the country that can produce large-sized backboards in bulk, large-scale backboard development and production techniques are an important measure of the technological strength of pcb firms. The high-speed multilayers of pcb products, high-frequency microwave panels, backboards are still very low in the country, with only deep south, power, electricity and electronics.
Five technologies (part of), Fangzheng (part of) and Zonta (part of) can be of some size.
The amount of input is at the top of the plate, the amount of research and development during and after the move is at the top of the plate for many years, and there are barriers to the productive technological capacity accumulated by the company over the years. (ii) Accumulation of customers of the communications board and suppliers of the mainstream communications equipment vendor pcb
Customer certification barriers are good for headlines. Global 5g telecommunications operators are: Hua, Nokia, Naking, Ericsson, with high downstream concentration, and Chinese telecommunications panel providers are mainly deep south, power, income, electronics, and ttm. There is some alternative space for ttm for US money. Clients are the most demanding price for pcb manufacturers.
In general, the Xinhua system requires multiple stages of product certification, plant review, bulk test production, mass test production, etc., which takes more than two to three years to accumulate. The quality and reliability of the other 5g equipment is a build-up of time, so it should be based on long-term cooperation in the early stages of the construction of the 5g equipment.
Corporate clients were concentrated, 66.49% in 2018, with 66.49% in telecommunications and car electronics. Major clients included China, mainland, Cisco, North, Central Hing, Ericsson, etc. in the communications market.
As a result, stringent certification of suppliers creates high market entry barriers for new entrants. For other pcb manufacturers to become suppliers to the base station pcb, three points are required: a tilt in corporate resources that can withstand initial losses, and the nurturing of large downstream customers.
In 2017, the company implemented an employee holding scheme, raising 62.915 million yuan in funds, and, through a large deal at an average cost of $4.68 per share, a limited transfer of 13.379 million shares in company shares controlled by the family of the under-secretary of the company, Wu Reyuan, as of 10 January 2019.
On that day, the above-mentioned employee holding scheme was sold and terminated, with a profit of $30 million. (2) In 2018, 418 incentives were awarded for $350 million, which greatly increased the motivation of other middle- and senior-level managers and technicians and contributed to the continuous and rapid growth of the Department ' s performance. (3) In January 2019, the company awarded the previous equity incentive scheme to 134 incentive recipients.
For the three plants, it is assumed that income from the plant will increase by 24 per cent, 31 per cent and 36 per cent, respectively, over the next three years; and that there will be electronic access: short-term demand for benefits, double share increases, long-term prospects of replication of the village field growth path 0.81 dollars, taking into account the increase in the price of pcb in the next 5 g, company competitiveness and market position in the area of communications pcb.
Electronics: short-term demand for benefits, double share, long-term prospect of replication of village growth path 5g less advanced than expected, increased risks from competition in the pcb sector, and the impact of China on the blockade. Electronics: short-term demand for benefits, double share increase, long-term expectation of replication of village growth path
Appendix: Financial statement forecast. Institute, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.