Overall performance is in line with expectations, with 800 g layouts in the full future \triangleright \triangleright achieving operating income of $600 million, down 18.73 per cent from the previous year, based on a single quarter of 23q1
The net profit of the mother is 108 million yuan, a decrease of 18.57%. The net profit of the non-mortality is 106 million yuan, compared to the total performance of the same year, and the gross profit rate continues to be positive: throughout 2022, benefiting from the high speed of a wide range of fields \triangleright
The growth in demand for light modules has led to a growth of 13.83 per cent and 36.51 per cent in net profits from corporate collections and homecomings, respectively. 23q1, subject to fluctuations in demand in downstream areas, companies face short-term pressure on their performance. On the Māori rate, benefits from continued product structural optimization and the positive impact of exchange rates, with companies accounting for 36.66 per cent in 22 years and 23q1, respectively.
Incentive costs, research and development materials, etc., affected by trade agreements, cost of s0105211003 for the entire year 2022
In addition, in line with the increased demand for high-end light modules from overseas clients, the company Thailand factory, Mata Wei, the 23q1 overseas giant capex, has fluctuated, emphasizing continued investment in the ai area:
\triangleright, quarterly report of the overseas cloud giants, 23q1 Amazon/Google/Micah/Meta capex totals about 33.9 billion.
The input led to a larger base, which led to a larger drop in 23q1 year-on-year. Amazon/Google/Micho/Meta Ring score. In addition, the major players have emphasized continued investment in the ai area.
800g light module for cloud computing and the demand resonance of the ai, the company's full deployment in the 800g field \triangleright face-to-face breakthrough: company product matrix rich, deep layout of traditional eml programme, Silicon light programme, lpo
The annual performance of New Esquire (300502.sz) for the semi-annual year 2022 is forecasted as follows: q2 ring comparison programme for high-profile industries and 800g light module for low-capacity lithium membrane.
Significant growth, overall high expectations - 2022/07/13 \triangleright - Continued high demand from overseas and increased R & D inputs to strengthen cutting edges
On this basis, the company continues to deploy the field-based cutting-edge technology of dry light modules, lpo & titanium silicon 800g, and silicon light, with wide scope for future development. Keep the “recommended” rating.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.