Reported in 2021: Performance meets market expectations and accelerates the development of & Growth in Productive Support & Business Income of Company 2021h1 + 3.608 billion yuan, +65.75% of the year, net profit of mothers + 310 million yuan.
+127.62%. 2021h1 electronic process equipment and electronic components business is well developed, with revenues of +63.79%/+75.40% respectively, mainly due to the downstream application landscape. 1) Semiconductor equipment: new and expanded production lines such as integrated circuit logic devices, advanced storage, advanced encapsulation, etc.
(ii) Photovoltaic equipment: downstream capital, guided by the “carbon peaks, middle carbon and” target; third generation semiconductor: demand pulls up third generation semiconductor line investment.
The pace of production has accelerated, company etching machines, pvd, cvd, stand-up stoves, cleaners, ald, etc.
Of these, the Māori rates for electronic process equipment and electronic components were 34.90% and 73.32%, respectively, compared to +6.19pt and +8.20pt in the same period last year. The Māori rates for both major types of business increased significantly, and we judged that they were mainly the successful release of new items of the company, resulting from the impact of scale.
The company ' s cost rate for the period 2021h1 was 34.63%, compared to +8.01pc. Of this, the sales cost was 6.14%, widening the layout of the third generation semiconductor, new displays, photovoltaic equipment product lines and deeper integrated circuits.  Inventory and contract liabilities are growing high, and it is expected that the hand orders will continue to fill up.
Full. As the industry cycle deepens and expands its own product matrix, we believe that the company will have a new growth incentive for the semiconductor expansion gold era.
▪ Designing additional funding to respond to the high demand downstream, with the acceleration of production expansion taking off,2 , q3 q3 : International semiconductor giants expanding their production and upstream equipment leading up to the golden age. Corporate expansion should respond to downstream growth.
On April 21, 2021, the company released a non-public release, Nord’s Incorporated (002371):h1.
A semiconductor equipment, high-precision electronic component extension project, with a 24-month construction period. Based on a significant increase in corporate public receipts, benefiting from the new announcement on the Crystalworks, the project is expected to achieve an average annual income of $7,903 million, with an average annual profit of about $940 million.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: taking into account the downwards climate, the firm ' s product deepening + expansion ratio +68.60 per cent; net profit from deductions and withdrawals to the parent ratio +225 million yuan, +127.62 per cent; good business development for electronic processes equipment and electronic components, with revenues of +63.79 per cent/+75.40 per cent, respectively, +63.79 per cent/+75.40 per cent, mainly attributable to the major sectors
Substream applications with high landscapes. 1) Semiconductor equipment: new and expanded production lines, such as integrated circuit logic devices, advanced storage, advanced sealing, etc., drive demand; 2) Photovoltaic equipment: downstream capital expenditure increases rapidly, guided by “carbon peaks, carbon neutrality”; 3) Third generation semiconductor: 5g applications, motor electronics, etc.
Investments in the production line are growing rapidly. Driven by trade frictions and lack of cores, semiconductor equipment is being produced at a faster pace, companies are gaining speed in importing new products such as corrosion machines, pvd, cvd, stand-up furnaces, scrubbers, ald, etc., products, process coverage and customer penetration are increasing further, and bulk sales are being made on the mainstream production lines in the integrated circuits.
The Māori rate has risen significantly, with a significant increase in R&D inputs. The Māori rate for electronic process equipment and electronic components was 34.90 per cent and 73.32 per cent, respectively, compared to the same period last year +6.19 pct and +8.20 pct. The Māori rate for both major operations has increased significantly, and we judge that it is mainly the successful release of new items by companies.
The significant increase in the management cost rate (including R & D) is due to a significant increase in R & D rates, with R & D rates of 17.39 per cent for companies, compared to +9.29 pt, mainly as a result of the company ' s continued expansion of third-generation semiconductors, new displays, photovoltaic equipment product lines and deepening the layout of integrated circuits.
3. With the high growth in inventory and contractual liabilities and the prospect of continuing to fill hand orders, and with the firm deepening and expanding its own product matrix, we believe that the company ' s new 2021h2 bill has a growth dynamic.
The international semiconductor giants have expanded their production, and the upstream equipment is about to develop the golden age. Capital spending on 5g applications, artificial intelligence, and clouds has reached $30 billion a year, with an announcement that $100 billion will be invested in the expansion of production over the next three years; world advanced capital spending has risen from $3.54 billion in 2020 to $5.1 billion in 2021; and in Intel $20 billion has been set up to build new ones.
On April 21, 2021, the company released a non-public release of a share proposal for a total amount of up to $8.5 billion to be used for semiconductor fittings in conjunction with self-financed funds totalling $9.620 billion.
According to the company announcement, the project is expected to produce an average annual income of $7,903 million, with a total annual profit of about $940 million, further increasing the scale of production and product productivity. Moreover, we expect to generate profitability as the productivity of the high Māori precision piece production and marketing increases at a high rate.
Downstream capital expenditure is below expectations; equipment research and development and market expansion are below expectations.