Market import has accelerated, and contract liabilities have increased significantly, not to the mother's net profit of $225 million, an increase of 127.62 per cent over the year. q2 alone, companies have achieved high revenue-earning growth and high demand from the product lines downstream.
During the first half of the year, the company achieved operating income of $3.608 billion, of which the e-components generated a collection of company prices compared with the trend of 300 deep vov+63.79%. The subsidiary, Seven Stars, achieved a revenue of $773 million.
Youy+75.28% net profit of $279 million, yoy+125%, benefiting mainly from demand in the areas of precision instrumentation, auto-control, etc. Subsidy Northern vacuum technology (main camp vacuum equipment) achieved $330 million, yoy-22.17%; net profit of 0.35, yoy-28.57%, benefiting mainly from “carbon”
With peaks, carbon neutrality, and “targets” guided by the growth of investment in the photovoltaic sector, the growth of demand for semiconductor investment in general-conductor products, and the continued growth of vacuum equipment (deep confirmation of part of the demand for orders due to the slowness of sales is not reflected in the report and is expected to maintain steady growth throughout the year).
2.495 billion yuan, yoy+90.75 per cent, net profit of 67 million yuan, yoy+36.73 per cent (main camp semiconductor equipment), mainly benefiting from the demand for 5g applications, motor electronics, etc., which boosted the rapid growth of third-generation semiconductor line investment, and the increased willingness of downstream customers to certify national production equipment.
The pace of market imports of products such as sculpting, film equipment, etc., has accelerated, and has led to bulk sales of mainstream production lines in the integrated circuits sector. Corporate contract liabilities of $4,742 million, an increase of 55.63% over the end of last year, are at an all-time high, signalling a high annual growth in corporate revenues.
• Significant increases in R & D inputs, industrialization of additional semiconductor equipment, and increasing R & D inputs by companies to deepen technology protection. How can the investment opportunities created by the North be captured in R & D in the first half of the year?
So far, the company's ipo fund-raising project has been high-end integration, the circuit equipment development and industrialization project and the industrialization of high-precision electronic components.
Coverage. On August 24, the company received an approval from the CSRC for the company ' s non-public distribution of shares, and it is expected that with the implementation of the semiconductor equipment industry base expansion project (phase IV), the high end semiconductor installation, the R & D project and the high-precision electronic component facility expansion project (phase III),
We believe that investing in North China: 1 from the industry's beta level to capture the future of the whole semiconductor industry, as well as the transfer of production capacity and the expansion of storage in crystal-round plants into semiconductors.
From the company's own alpha level, focus on the company's platformed business layout, strong shareholder background and industry resources, and increasing product power.
To a lesser extent, the historical performance of the North’s equity prices largely coincides with the semiconductor block trend, but is better than the semiconductor index.3 Since the company’s launch in 2019, the company’s ps (ttm) has been up to 25 x, with lower capital costs for downstream crystal mills, increased industrial competition and deepening global trade friction.
Biconductor whole-of-industry chain uncertainty.
Figure 5 Company revenue rate rises in the single quarter Māori sales rate and net interest rate on sales
Figure 13 Business composition (sub-products)
In 2018, water used legitimate compliance information to produce the present report independently and objectively, the data and information used in this report came from publicly available information on the market, and I did not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor did I guarantee that the information and recommendations contained therein would not change anything.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.