It's a semiconductor, vacuum equipment, lithium power.
The Division explained that the growth in performance was mainly driven by demand in the electronics equipment and electronic components market.
In many areas, such as origin vehicles, aerospace, etc., companies have taken over billions and $57.34 billion, an increase of 19.7 per cent and 8.8 per cent over the same period.
The company’s core growth logic is that Semi, after counting the global semiconductor equipment sales in 2020, increased the size of the domestic market and increased domestic production of the equipment. In 2020, China’s mainland semiconductor equipment sales reached $18.72 billion, or 26.3 per cent of the world’s total, leaping to global number one.
First, mainland China is expected to remain the fastest growing market in the next few years. At present, the overall rate of domestic production of our chips is less than 10%, and the company is one of the few domestic manufacturers that can provide core chip manufacturing equipment, such as etching machines, pvd, cvd, and stoves, and is therefore on the national crystalline.
Domestic clients have expanded well, increasing their capacity bottlenecks. Since the second quarter of this year, companies have stored at least six carving machines, three sedimenting equipment, and 10 pipe-type equipment in the Yangtze River, with a steady increase in the number of hits.
Growth. As the volume of client orders increases, capacity can be a constraint on the development of the company, and a new round of growth plans for the company was issued in late April, raising $8.5 billion, of which $3.48 billion was for the expansion of semiconductor equipment, $2.41 billion for the development of semiconductor equipment and $7.3 billion for the development of semiconductor equipment.
The successful implementation of the incremental project is expected to help companies break out of production bottlenecks and secure more adequate R & D funding. Corporate profitability forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company to return to its net profits in 2021-2023, respectively.
As a result, some raw materials are out of reach, semiconductor end-market demand falls short of expectations.
The source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, the source of Eastern wealth and wisdom, and the report of East Hing Securities.
North China (002371). Performance growth is slightly higher than expected, with an increase in capacity bottlenecks.
Master of Finance, University of Shandong, Graduated from Harbin Industrial University, Master of Industrial Sciences, formerly employed as a nuclear power engineer at the China-China Nuclear Group, joined East Hing Securities in 2019 for research in the electronics sector.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.