q2 high performance, semiconductor vehicle carrier wave-breaker incident: On August 30, the company achieved $3.608 billion in operating revenue in the first half of the year (002371.sz)
The return was 2,185 million yuan, an increase of 76.34 per cent in the same year; the return to the mother was 237 million yuan, an increase in the performance of q2 and an increase in the profit level. The company achieved a return to the mother of 237 million yuan in the second quarter, an increase of 50.67 per cent in the same year and a rise of 225.67 per cent in the ring, which is at the midpoint of the previous forecast and is in line with market forecasts.
The second quarter saw a significant increase in corporate profit levels, with the Māori rate reaching 45.51%, a rise of 9 percentage points and a 6 percentage point increase in the ring. By operations, semiconductor operations performed well, with a revenue of 2,495 million yuan in the first half of the year, a rise in the same percentage.
90.84 per cent long, which is the main driver of income-scale growth, with $773 million in electronic components, a 75.40 per cent increase in the same year, and a 73.32 per cent increase in the Māori rate, which effectively boosts corporate profit levels.In addition, it is worth noting that companies have reported contract liabilities of $4,743 million, a further increase over the previous quarter.
With $249 million long and full of hand orders, it is expected to release elasticity in the second half of the year. The construction of the national production line continues, and there is a historic opportunity for national production equipment.
With a new capacity of 750,000 pieces in January (equivalent to 8 inches), the production capacity of the main crystal mills has increased dramatically, and the import of domestic equipment has increased in such mills as China Harbour International, Yangtze Storage, Cube, Yandong, etc., and is now in a deep water zone, replaced by national manufacturers. The company is the largest semiconductor in the domestic product line.
On the top, the full range of production nodes covering hundreds of billions of grades of domestic markets and over 28 nm, the demand for equipment resulting from the deep-beneficiary downstream expansion has been fully built and put into operation, and a new round of additional funding was approved in August 2021.
The sum of up to $8.5 billion will be used for the expansion of semiconductor equipment and sophisticated components.
DHPD platform-level equipment supply capacity to enhance core competitive advantages.
Risk factors: industry cyclical volatility risk; downstream client expansion less than expected risk; international trade friction
Main financial and valuation data (millions of dollars)
However, Xian University of Electronics and Technology, which has been an active participant in the semiconductor industry for almost five years, has foreign experience in the field, such as instruments in Texas, and is familiar with the semiconductor and consumer electronics chain. It is also the founder of the country’s well-known semiconductor incubation platform of 10 coffees, which helped a number of semiconductor companies to finance early on. In 2017, in 2017, in 2018, in the Pacific, in 2018, in the hiring of securities, in 2020, in the ICT industry.
Li Shunqing, Master of Arts from Wuhan University, joined Southwest Securities in 2018, Sinda Securities in 2020, and Semiconductor Industrial Chains. Liu Chilai, Master of Finance from Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, and Sinda Securities in 2020.
The components are not relevant, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-approved securities investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.