A model for the consolidation of State-owned assets, the construction of a strong smart power grid -- the first-ever coverage of the report (600406.sh) -- the consolidation of the core assets of the Group on several occasions and the solid status of the power secondary equipment pipeline:
Since its listing, the company has undertaken several asset restructurings with the Nanxi Group and has now completed the layout of four major panels: power self-employment, rail automation and engineering control, maintenance of soft and relay power, electricity information communication and energy conservation and environmental protection, and new energy sources, leading the overall technology and profitability industry, and leading the way.
• Re-introduction of grids and re-inflation of ultra-high-pressure investments, and growth in grid operations continue: the cumulative investment in grid re-innovation was not less than 1.7 trillion yuan over the 13-year period, with an average investment of $340 billion a year, and in 2015-2017 the investment in grids was less than 300 billion. In addition, the European and American countries distributed electricity themselves.
During the year, the network automation coverage target reached 60%, so there is more room for investment in network re-engineering. The Division will benefit from the network re-engineering by maintaining a market lead in the bidding market share of the network main site.
The protection system and the exchange of valves and valve cooling systems will benefit from this round of super-pressure construction.
In the field of flexible direct currents, transmissions and relay protection, Swe leads the technical industry in the field of insurance operations, and replaces many products such as valves, pole breakers, straight-flow protection, etc.
As a result, investment in offshore and off-grid operations, such as the igbt project, will provide strong support for companies’ medium- and long-term development. Industry benefits from investment in grid-building, actively mapping emerging growth points, and covers the first “recommended” rating.
(a) The super-high-pressure construction, which was relaunched by the National Energy Agency in September 2018, will be implemented as planned, and the Network and the Network will actively deploy project investment work arrangements;
3. The construction of smart power grids continues to drive investment in supporting electrical communications facilities and information systems, and the planned 17.5 billion yuan in national grid intelligence investment will be completed during the 13-year period; 4. The overall level of national investment in grids will remain stable and will not decline significantly;
5. National networks are moving forward with a steady strategy, and their technology remains state-of-the-art at the national level. 1. At the operational level, we are different from the market perspective.
2. In the short and medium term, there is certainty and growth in corporate governance, which is reflected in the consolidation and investment of assets with shareholders on several occasions since it was listed, increasing its level of profitability and not experiencing a decline in performance or mismanagement.
State-owned enterprises are managed at a level that looks at the synergies and scale effects of operations following major asset restructuring in 2017.3 In terms of financial performance, companies have a healthy asset-liability ratio, reasonable cost levels over time, higher R & D costs than peers, a stable overall Mäori ratio and a good cash return on operating income.
In 2018, the company completed the collection of $6 billion in matching funds, with cash in excess of $7 billion up to 2018 q3, covering the upgrading of transmission and distribution and the replacement of new and additional needs, as well as other links. In the medium and long term, the company’s deployment of new businesses, such as electricity information communications and igbt, is expected to foster new performance growth points while at the same time overseas.
Road markets are accompanied by an overall national and national electricity strategy, and companies are expected to benefit from a wide range of power supply and market demand in the countries along the way. As a result, companies are highly skilled, operate and produce with high technical barriers, strong shareholders, state-supported new and emerging science and technology industries, with higher levels of certainty of performance.
Investment, a positive mapping of emerging growth points, covers for the first time a “recommended” rating. There has been a decline in grid-related investments; less than expected expansion of new operations and overseas markets; increased difficulties in managing integrated corporate restructuring; reduced bargaining power for downstream bidding; and higher prices for raw materials.
1. A clear pre-emptive advantage, committed to becoming a leader in energy technology 1.1, based on traditional grids, and expanding the corporate science and technology industry, which is mainly engaged in grid automation and industrial control, electricity automation information communication, relay protection and softness
The related systems integration and engineering packages are the only listed platforms under the SNS Group. At present, the company has formed a more complete smart grid industry chain, serving as an overall provider of solutions to smart grids that compete for a stronger market.
Household capital investments and day-to-day operations provide technology, equipment and services, as well as holistic solutions. Due to technology, equipment specialization, customer demand for product performance and accuracy, customization, safety, etc. The company's traditional operational advantage is grid automation.
Management of automated control, control, and automated management. The power system is a geographically wide, integrated, large and complex system, consisting of power plants, transformers, transmission and distribution networks, and users. The electricity system has been automated in areas such as automatic detection, regulation and control of production processes, and automated safety of systems and components.
The main objectives of power automation are to ensure the quality of power supply (frequency and voltage), the safety and reliability of the system’s operations, and to improve economic efficiency and management efficiency.
The structure, industrial development model, R & D platform adaptation and operational mechanisms are optimized by establishing and operating steadily the Nanse Institute, the Ministry of Electricity and Technology, the Ministry of Information and Communications Technology, the Ministry of Power Generation and the Ministry of Industry.
Engineering design with demand, acquisition of supporting material equipment, deployment and development of the company’s core technology, hardware and software products, and integration of the system for sale to customers for profit. At the same time, the company is actively expanding business models such as engineering packages, maintenance services, equipment rental services, ppps, and new business models to foster new profit growth points.
By the end of the third quarter of 2018, the company ' s equity structure was as follows, with the effective control being exercised by the State Council ' s State Finance Committee.1.2., The state business reform pioneers, integrating the dominant resources of the South Swe Group.
People. The company has been established for 18 years, and has been re-listed on several occasions with high-quality state-owned assets, expanding its power automation system operations and enriching the layout of product lines, and leading the integrated technology and market influence industry. After restructuring in 2017, the listed companies have been able to automate the electricity grid and industrial control operations and generate electricity and water.
The area of environmental operations is further enhanced by the addition of relay protection and flexible transmission, electricity automation information and communication, based on the original business area. The new relay protection and flexible transmission operations and electricity automation Information and communication operations are also part of the electrical secondary equipment industry as well as those of listed companies.
Based on the share of the listed companies in the acquisition of the targeted assets, the net profit forecast for the related target assets is as follows, with three companies, namely, Electrical Security, ICM, Prey Engineering, making a more profitable contribution.
As a result, the value of the assets subject to audit in 2017 exceeded projections, totalling 2,298 million yuan. According to the company ' s report on major asset restructuring, the target asset assessment base date was 31 December 2016, and the income from the transition period was owned by the listed company.
In addition, the company has raised a total of $381.693.558 in undisclosed shares, in addition to the exchange price, the company has invested $1.644 billion in the field of igbt, which is a strategic and emerging industry for the future.
After many infusions and consolidation of corporate assets, business growth points are expanding, and off-grid, emerging operations and overseas markets are helping companies to grow. 1.3. Corporate revenue growth and growth is robust as a whole.
Since its listing in 2003, the company has grown 71-fold in operating income and 57-fold in net return profits, expanding the scope of operations, maintaining faster growth in overall income and profit growth, maintaining higher levels of R & D investment, good quality of revenue collection, asset-liability ratios of 43.25 per cent at the end of the third quarter of 2018, healthy asset structure, solvency
Corporate R & D costs have stabilized at around 6 per cent, high R & D input levels, good cash return on income, Figure 5: Changes in cash/income received from sales goods for services provided by companies R & D (billions of yuan)
In comparison with similar companies, the country has a significant advantage in cost control, R & D inputs, debt sustainability, and in terms of the company ' s operating income structure, electricity grid automation and industrial control, electricity automated information communication and the three main sectors of relay protection and flexible transmission, with grid automation and industrial control accounting for the largest share.
During the first half of 2018, a number of major projects, such as the automation of the company's electricity grid and industrial control operations and the automated information and communication operation of electricity, were opened up, with the winning Southern Network, the power monitoring of the main switch, the Shandong direct stream distribution network, the Chongqing lease, the Xu State subway line 2 and the Beijing subway line 3, expanding information and communication services, regulatory and advisory services.
Significant projects, such as automation, calibrated real-time data platform operation maintenance, increased revenues by 36.28 per cent and 49.58 per cent on a year-on-year basis; relay protection and flexible transmission operations were affected by the progress of the direct-flow project, with revenue falling by 22.17 per cent on a year-on-year basis; power generation and hydro-environmental protection decreased by 22.93 per cent on a year-on-year basis as a result of the restructuring of photovoltaic operations.
The ratio of rental to lump sum operations increased in 2018, with a higher proportion of hardware in this category compared to outsourcing, while the ratio of plate Maori, such as grid automation and industrial control, relay protection and flexible transmission, electricity automation information communications, integration and other plates, decreased.
85.89 per cent of the total number of employees with post-graduate and higher education, 42.61 per cent of whom are highly qualified and skilled, and whose structure is underpinned by the company ' s technical barriers, the level of income and income generation per capita and the performance of companies has been increasing and their business performance has been excellent.
Information technology attributes and profitability potential in software-based patterns. Income per capita and income generation ($)
2.1. Automation coverage at the end of the distribution grid has increased, with the advantage of taking advantage of the economic growth of the country after a period of high growth, the electricity sector as a whole will grow steadily and steadily.
The annual rate of increase during the 13th and 15th periods was 5.5 per cent and 3.6 to 4.8 per cent, respectively, in 2017, with a national capacity of 1,778 million kilowatts, an increase of 7.6 per cent compared to the same period, and a total of 631 trillion kilowatt-hours, an increase of 6.6 per cent compared to the same period.
Consumer systems, whose function is to convert a natural primary energy source into an electrical power source, which is then supplied to users through transmission, conversion and distribution. Equipment that completes the power generation, transmission and distribution function is a single device, and equipment that controls, protects, monitors and measures a single equipment is a secondary device, such as relays, controls switches, etc.
Lights, metering, etc., with secondary equipment being the dominant business of the nation’s electricity grid, fixed-use electricity assets consist mainly of electricity investment and grid investment, in which electricity is mainly invested in power stations and electricity-friendly equipment is required mainly for primary transmission and secondary equipment.
The country is now experiencing a shift in investment from the side of the power supply to the grid link. As can be seen from the same rate of completion of capital investment in the grid and in the power supply, there was a decline in energy investment in 2016, in the grid in 2017, and in the electricity sector as a whole into a smooth period, but the structural demand for investment in the grid remains.
In the long run, there is still much room for improvement in the per capita electricity use in the country.
Growth, sustainable expansion of electricity demand, will support additional investment and equipment replacement needs in the electricity sector. The National Development Reform Commission and the National Energy Authority have identified 291 pilot projects for three incremental power distribution operations, of which 105 were first, 89 were second and 97 were third, designed to adapt to electricity supply and demand and the electricity economy
Development of new requirements to increase the level of grid development and promote the development of smart grids and microgrids. Figure 18: Projections of electricity consumption across society (100 billion kWh) Figure 19: Energy per capita and electricity consumption in countries around the world
The distribution network and its automation means the integration of the detection, protection, control, metrology and power sectors of the distribution grid in normal and accident situations through a combination of modern electronics, communications engineering, computer and network technology and electrical equipment Management of organically integrated power supply quality and closer and more responsible relationships with users
Power distribution automation began in the 1970s, with the early automation of distribution mainly through the inter-composition of automated switch equipment, with rapid advances in communications technology, microelectronics, and computer systems.
The country has gone through three stages of early underinvestment, recent passive investment, and current active investment in grids. Both the national grid and the southern grid have shifted their focus to grid investment.
But China’s electricity distribution network is still at a low level of development compared to developed countries abroad. At the end of the last century, we were in the early stages of reform and opening up, and the entire national grid was concentrated in power sources, neglecting the distribution grid, making the Chinese city grid obsolete, with insufficient power capacity, and with the electricity grid not in line with its structure.
The first phase of electricity investment in the 1980’s was mainly to address the problem of power supply side by side, with 75% of electricity on side by side and only 25% of electricity grid by side.
The second phase, which had been in place since 2000, was characterized by a gradual increase in the share of electricity grid construction, especially in connection with investment in transmission lines, and was the most visible boost to the performance of one equipment manufacturer.
The focus of investment has gradually shifted to grid smartness and grid development, with a greater bias towards distribution and use of power sides. By the next 10 years, and even longer, our average power outages are far longer than in the rest of the countries, in the central west than in the developed world.
The level of development in the region is even worse. On the whole, the level of electricity distribution in the country is not encouraging. Average number of power outages (minutes/years) for electricity users worldwide, figure 21: Average number of power outages (minutes/years) for electricity users in the country
It is based on a strong grid of powerful smart grids, supported by a communications information platform, with smart controls, including power generation, transmission, conversion, distribution, electricity use and movement control links, covering all voltage levels, and a highly integrated technological route for “power flow, information flow, business flow”.
For our country, the construction of the smart grid will be a long-term plan, and the demand for secondary equipment, dominated by the control of the monitoring of smart grids and transformer stations and smart distribution grids, will increase significantly in the early stages of the construction of the smart grid.
Switches, rim cabinets, gis, column switches, incompetence compensation devices, transformers (box transformers), distribution cabinets, cables, insulations, etc. Second equipment includes relay protection equipment, distribution smart terminal equipment, online monitoring systems, communications systems, etc.
Automation basics, which result in failure detection, rapid positioning of faults through analysis of line data, and thus rapid isolation of fault areas, leading to increased reliability of power supply.The network automation terminal equipment consists of distribution terminals and distribution circuit failure indicator (fld), distribution terminal masters
The network automation system is typically composed of the main distribution station, the electronic distribution station (established in the transformer station), the remote end end of the distribution (ftu\dtu\ttu, etc.) and the communications network.
Deployment at 110kv/35kv transformer station, substations responsible for communication with power terminal equipment such as dtu/ttu/ftu in the area under control, and main stations responsible for communication with substations.
Renovation, with a significant increase in the level of smart construction and applications in central cities and in the quality and quality of electricity provided at the international level; a significant increase in the capacity and security of electricity supply in urban areas and an effective increase in the reliability of electricity supply; and an effective solution to problems such as the weakness of the electricity grid in rural areas, which effectively guarantees agriculture and the livelihood of the population.
By 2020, the average annual power outage for central city (district) users did not exceed one hour, the combined voltage compliance rate reached 99.97 per cent; the average annual power outage for urban area users did not exceed 10 hours and the combined voltage compliance rate was 98.79 per cent; and the average annual power outage for rural areas did not exceed 24 hours and the combined voltage compliance rate was 97 per cent.
According to the Plan of Action for the Construction and Rehabilitation of the Distribution Network (2015-2020), it is planned to increase the funding of the distribution network effectively through the implementation of the Plan of Action for the Construction and Upgrading of the Distribution Network. From 2015 to 2020, the investment in the construction and transformation of the distribution network was not less than 2 trillion yuan, of which the investment in 2015 was not less than 300 billion yuan and the cumulative investment during the period of the 13th Five-Year Plan was not.
As can be seen from the network construction and upgrading objectives, the need to increase the coverage of electricity distribution automation is clear and is currently at a distance from the 2020 target, which offers business incremental opportunities for the equipment suppliers concerned.