The Māori rate continues to rise, with a strong demand for a 1h25 order, Ma Xijiang, maintaining the middle core international buy-in rating: 3rd and 4th quarter 2024.
Huang Jia Qi, see that domestic subsidies for consumer electronics and the pre-positioning of overseas geopolitics have resulted in higher demand for corporate orders, better production capacity and a combination of products.
Improved. And our long-term domestication needs and head advantage are maintained for the fourth quarter of the Māori rate supermarket expectation, and the quarter of Māori is still a strong guide: N.I. to M.I. (981.hk)
In four quarters of the year, income reached $2.21 billion, a one-quarter high, with a 32% ring growth compared to the previous year, maintaining a previous three-quarter high. The company guided the first quarter of this year to a 20% recovery, which remained high.
The high crop rate performance of the orders and the improvement in the product mix were offset in part by higher depreciation. The company's net profit last quarter was $108 million, a 28% decline in the ring, a cautious attitude in the second half of the year, and needed to observe customers pulling earlier in the first half of the year.
3) In the long term, the middle core target raises the ratio of vehicle-related income to 10%, about one third of domestic car chip demand. Investment risk: semiconductor downstream demand (smart phones, new energy vehicles, industry, consumption, etc.)
The recovery has been slower, and the company’s fundamentals have been slower to move up, affecting a rebound in valuations.
It's almost March, on average (millions of yuan) Pil-Ying-Ying International, Pil-Ying-Ying International, and Spob International.
Pilgrim International, Pilgrim International, Spob International, Pilgrim International, Spobnational.
Promising and pessimistic scenario scenario (mid-core international port unit) Pessimistic scenario: corporate revenue growth is not as high as expected Optimistic scenario: corporate income growth is better than expected
• Adequate action in semiconductor cycles: • Inadequate action in semiconductor cycles: • mature processes and slow competition for specialty processes, with a steady increase in the Māori rate;
• Growing competition for maturity processes and specialty processes, delaying profit performance;
Promising and pessimistic scenario scenario (Middle Core Internationala) Pessimistic scenario: corporate revenue growth is not as high as expected
An optimistic scenario: corporate revenue growth is better than expected • sufficient action in semiconductor cycles: insufficient action in semiconductor cycles:
(b) Growing competition for maturity and specialty processes, leading to higher levels of profit performance;
• The recipients of this report, including any relevant annexes, have indicated and assured their entitlement to this report in accordance with the following conditions:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is prepared by the Group Information and other public information that is considered to have been collected from holders of the first category (securitization transactions) and the fourth category (opinion on securities) of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Hong Kong Act).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is only intended to provide information and cannot be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. You shall not interpret the content of this report as a professional opinion or investment in legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
For any recommendation, you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on the legal and related matters related to any of the transactions described in this report. The information and comments in this report are dated, may be modified without notice, or may not necessarily be updated to reflect the progress made after the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you shall not make any decision on investment, withdrawal or other financial aspects solely on the basis of the information in this report.
In addition to the historical data presentation, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which can be based on a number of assumptions, limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations, and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pui Jin International.
(collectively “Phibbing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies referred to in this report or in relation to them, and may from time to time buy or sell.