The company review report - the non-bank finance industry, which continues to perform well in terms of equity incentives, shows confidence in growth, Eastern wealth (300059.sz)
The company benefits from a favourable business environment and a quick growth of its performance The market is active, the fundraiser is on fire, the business environment is good and the company is on the right track
There has been a significant increase. 2021h1 achieved gross operating income of $5.78 billion, an increase of 73.17 per cent in the same year, net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $3.727 billion, an increase in the same year.
Of this amount, 55.76 per cent of total operating income was generated by $3.23 billion. Of that amount, capital market stock bases were active. 2021h1, accumulated stock base transactions in the deep two municipalities were dominated by increases in interest income from corporate finance bonds, currency funds and settlement provisions.
The size of the company’s contribution is $40,429 million, an increase of 34.44% compared to the beginning of the year. With the availability of funds to be transferred, the financial strength of the public sector has increased, opening up further opportunities for business development.
• Growing demand for the management of the wealth of the population, the boom in the sales of funds, which boosted the financial e-commerce services sector by a significant increase in the issuance and sale of the 2021h1 fund, the company acting as a front for the Internet fund, the full benefit of the Fund's business development dividend, and the third-party sales services of the Foundation
The volume of operating fund transactions and the turnover fund continued to increase significantly on a year-on-year basis, contributing to the continued growth of revenue from the public sector ' s financial e-commerce services operations. The market for 2021h1 created 857 new funds, an increase of 18.21 per cent over the same period; the total share of newly established funds issued was 162,363.9 billion.
On 30th of the month, the company reached 146 public fund managers with 10863 fund products. The Sky Fund achieved a total of 180 million fund recognition (requirement) and regular quota requisition transactions, with a sales value of $97,53.4 million; the number of users visited the service platform was 3,379.99 million.
Among these, the number of active daily visits is 42.46 million. The number of non-trading daily visits is 1.7568 million.
The service platform, with its highly sticky clients and diversified products and services, is expected to continue to consolidate and strengthen industry leadership, laying the foundation for the long-term growth of retail wealth management operations.
Incentives for staff, technicians, and business cadres, based on the net profit of 2020 Investments suggest that companies use the Eastern Wealth Network as their core Internet service platform for high-volume and sticky access.
People borrow public funds to increase equity market allocation, and public fund sales will fully benefit from the Fund’s market development. We look forward to the company’s development, and maintain a “recommended” rating, 2021-2022, in combination with company fundamentals and stock price elasticity.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.