Eastern Wealth (300059). High growth in revenue and profits, accelerated decline of operations. Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) semi-annual 2021.
In the first half of 2021, the company built and improved the Internet wealth management biosphere to achieve its overall business.
Financial e-commerce services achieved revenues of $2.397 billion, an increase of 109.77 per cent, and a Māori rate of 92.43 per cent. Companies strengthened their R & D inputs, upgraded their intelligence and personalized services, and increased their R & D inputs.
1) Securities business: The firm's securities business has grown rapidly, stock turnover and the size of the financing voucher business have increased substantially, with the subsidiary's Eastern wealth securities earning 3,114 million yuan and a net profit of 2,071 million yuan. The company completes the issuing and listing of the fungible “Treat East 3” for a total of 15.8 billion yuan.
Replenishment of funds from Eastern wealth securities operations, which are expected to support the continued growth of securities operations. 2) Fund sales: Corporate Internet Fund sales are growing rapidly. In the first half of the year, the Corporate Internet Financial E-Commerce platform (CIFEF) was in-depth research on the National Dollar Securities Corporation - Eastern Wealth (300059.sz)
According to the statistics of the China Association of Securities and Investment Funds, stocks and mixed public funds held by the Sky Fund at the end of the first quarter stood at $375 billion, ranking fifth in all sales agencies.
"Study by the Société générale d'écurité — Eastern Wealth (300059.sz) 2020 " .
With the growing demand for wealth management in China, companies are expected to expand their operations from financial information, fund sales, and securities services to asset management, thanks to the accumulation of large-volume user flows and high brand growth.
By 2025, China's wealth management market, cagr, is expected to reach about 10%, and the market size is expected to break by 3.3 trillion yuan. In June 2021, the company restructured its organizational structure to create a new wealth management business.
We believe that corporate financial license plates are becoming more robust, financial operations are being continuously improved, and one-stop-to-one asset management strategies are expected to accelerate.
The company is the scarcer Internet service platform in the domestic market, providing Internet-based products and services to large-scale users. With China’s capital markets continuing to grow healthy, the company will grow in the future.
The increase in stock exchanges in the domestic stock market was lower than expected; there was increased competition in the securities industry; and there was a strong competition in the fund sales market: financial regulation and policy regulations were tightened: asset management was not growing as expected. Authors with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of securities investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, with a diligent professional attitude and independence and objectivity
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.