Events: Eastern wealth published its semi-annual report for 2021, operating revenue of $5.78 billion in the first half of the year, Eastern wealth (300059.sz)
The Fund's sales and brokerage operations have increased significantly in the first half of the year. 1h21 million dollars in operating income, 5.78 billion yuan, and a net profit of 1.816 billion yuan, i.e. +94.31 per cent, mainly due to the Fund's sales turnover and insurance.
There has been a significant increase in volume, e-commerce revenue. At the same time, there has been a significant increase in the volume and size of equity transactions in brokering and a significant increase in securities-related income.
The ratio was between 1,551 pct and 5.12 per cent, and the administrative rate was between 5.1 pct and 14.1 per cent.
The two-fold lag effect is to add up the $15.8 billion worth of debt-transferable companies, the 12 billion that will be released, and the two-fold market share is expected to increase further. The large increase in the size of the new development fund and the growth of non-capital holdings has contributed to the growth of sales.
According to the Fund, in the first half of the year, the share of public funds distributed was 1.58 trillion, or +45.8 per cent, and the distribution of public equity funds rose sharply to $1.28 trillion, or 66.4 per cent, compared to the same period last year, or +72 per cent, of which non-monetary funds were sold at $53.3626 billion, or the same amount.
+84.04%. In addition to the increase in sales revenue at the front end of Toyochi due to the significant increase in the size of the Fund, and more importantly, as the wealth of the population grows, the increase in non-capital holdings will result in a steady increase in tailings income (60% of the Fund ' s income comes from sales of tailings).
Among the holdings, the Equities + Mixed Public Fund is $375 billion, representing 5.1% of the market, and is fifth in the list of industry sales agencies. Given that the Fund’s coverage of the Fund’s products and foundations continues to be in the lead, it is far larger than the competitors, and there is no user flow and stickyness.
On the other hand, it is expected that the market share of the sales business will be further consolidated. The equity incentive of Sindh Securities Co. Ltd. is to show confidence in the company’s future development.
Itd proposes to award up to $50 million in restricted shares to 818 employees.
The company’s offer is higher than the announced collection rate, which demonstrates its confidence in future development. Equity incentives will be expected to fully motivate the workforce, attract core talent, increase the company’s long-term competition for a transformation of wealth management, and contribute to a new profit-making growth point for international business.
In the context of the new rules and the downside of interest rates, capital market inflows are expected to increase, as is the corresponding business layout for Dong-yi, and the transition in wealth management is expected to accelerate.
In order to qualify for the Fund's operations, and with the experience of the Daily Fund's “custodians”, the Fund's future clients will focus more on the Fund's holdings, increase client aum by improving the quality of services, and align with client interests.
With Kashin’s development experience, Toyoshi is now at a critical time when the capital of the stock market is becoming more capital-efficient, and the city’s share is rising, but the public fund's license is still growing.
On the international level, the international business community has changed its name to Haffou Securities, and has set sail overseas, with the proposed release of $1 billion to promote internationalization, leading to a new growth in performance.
With the flow and viscous advantage of the Sky Fund and the stock bar, as well as low commissions and high-quality services, it is expected to increase the flow to Haffou securities to meet the growing demand for overseas configurations.
\triangleright Low-cost financing plus remoldable issuance, increased brokering and market share of mixed operations. The Fund’s niche is consolidated, with an increase in the share of back-end income and upgrading of non-base holdings.
Performance stability. Equity markets drive wealth management to flourish, and it is expected that the investment of Eastern Treasury securities will further increase the profits of wealth management with high-quality service capacity and a rich product line advantage.
Figure 1: The share of brokering businesses continues to rise. Figure 2: The share of mixed businesses continues to rise. Figure 3: Number of sales books and sales of funds (billions, thousands)
Figure 4: Number of distributors and fund products, Figure 5: Structure of Eastern Wealth Income, Figure 6: Rolling Eastern Wealth, Figure 3
Wang Chen Dynasty, Master of Arts, Graduated from International Finance Studies at the University of Duren Enterprises, United Kingdom, has served as Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Industry, General Manager of the Guanghai Leasing Operations Department, and has worked on the Sino-China Portfolio Portfolio and the Chinese-Kore Securities. Joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre in November 2019, with responsibility for non-sink money and joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in the non-sink finance sector for months.
Wang Rae, M.A., Graduated in Finance, Boston University, 2019, joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Non-Golden Financial Research, Win Rape, graduate in Finance, University of Gangan, worked in the Pacific Life Insurance Company Ltd., joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2021, and worked in the non-Golden Finance Industry.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.