Fund investment is expected to improve the distribution of wealth management, Eastern wealth (300059.sz) - Eastern wealth securities are approved for pilot eligibility.
Investment rating: Purchases (maintenance) Events: According to several media reports, including the Shanghai Securities Bulletin, Eastern Wealth Fund has been approved to operate as a pilot.
The Fund’s portfolio is an important player in the transformation of the wealth management of bond dealers, and the company has multiple advantages in terms of customers, channels, R & D, etc. The Fund’s portfolio can significantly enhance the client’s holding period, enhance the client’s sense of acquisition, and lead to an overall aum upgrading of the Department.
In the case of scarce targets on the Quality Track, the Fund ' s exposure to license plates will help to improve the layout of the wealth management business, raise the Fund ' s exposure to the wealth management service experience of its clients, and drive up the size of the holdings and the overall rate increase.
The company has a customer, channel, and research and development niche, and it can significantly enhance the client's retention period, enhance the user's sense of experience, provide intelligent and manual client services to different types and levels of clients, and drive the growth of the aum in the medium and long term. (2) The company is operating outside of the fund.
The Fund ' s exposure to higher penetration rates will help to improve the level of the company ' s combined rates by charging a fee for the fund ' s requisition in the portfolio. (3) The company ' s organizational restructuring will lead to the elimination of the former equity futures and fund replacements, and new wealth management and innovative business ventures will provide integrated wealth management services to users.
(1) The majority of the opening offices of the Eastern Stock Exchange are located in Lhasa, and the shares of the Tibet Region are mainly held by the Eastern Wealth International Securities Exchange, which changed its name to the Haffoun Securities Point. The share of the Tibetan Region in January-May was held at 3.12%, corresponding to +0.63pct, the Eastern Treasure.
Evaluation-Hafou securities have flow and price advantages, overseas, Eastern Wealth Annual Report 2020 and Quarterly Review 2021 - Quarterly Report overperformance, Management Group
We expect a net profit of $3.6 billion, or more than +97%. The Eastern Wealth 2020 performance is fast-tracked - re-evaluated by the nature of growth, debt swaps, and a quarterly report is over-expected.