Stock market growth is exceeding expectations, wealth management changes are deepening, Eastern wealth (300059.sz) - Eastern wealth securities 2021h1 financial statements are rated
The company discloses the financial statements of the securities subsidiary, with a gross operating income/net return on Eastern Fiscal Securities (the parent company) of Euro31.14/20071 million, or 66%/+82%, respectively. It benefits from the increased activity of the stock market and the growth of the securities market, and the rapid growth in the performance of the Eastern Stock Exchanges is in line with our expectations.
Gold invests in license plates, private fund-raising and the marketing of capital products, as well as the intensive development of overseas operations, will continue to improve the distribution of wealth and manage the second-growth curve of performance, which is a rare indicator of high-quality Internet sales. (1) The net revenue from transaction fees for Eastern 2021h1 securities is projected at $1,878 million, or +50 per cent, and is expected to be mainly securities.
Brokering contributions, total market stock turnover of yoy + 20%, expected stock turnover in the first six months of the company or $15.8 billion in debt swaps in the first six months of the company, are expected to be released over the next two-fold elasticity.
Eastern Wealth Securities Granted Fund Investment of Billion Dollars, +111%. (2) Market-wide equity fund holdings at the end of May, $7.6 trillion, +95%, are expected to raise aum.
The rate of increase in holdings is expected to be higher than expected, supporting performance throughout the year. (3) Companies qualify for public fund-raising, East Wealth International has changed their name to Haffold Securities Point, which benefits from long-term aum and combined tariff increases, dynamic private fund-raising and the sale of capital products, and significant overseas development.
Assessment-Hover securities have flow and price advantages, overseas operations, and the deepening of the transformation of wealth management are expected to lead to a performance second-growth curve.
Eastern Wealth Annual Report 2020 and Quarterly Review 2021 - Quarterly Report overperformance, Management Mission