Brokering, middleman growth, license plates for the future 18/07/2021 Unaudited non-consolidated financial statements with revenue of EC$ 3,114 million on 202H1 securities
+66.39 per cent; net profit of 2,071 million yuan, i.e., +81.75 per cent.
Market activity and user advantage, and high growth in eastern securities brokering. 2021h1 market averaged $97.7 billion (plus 21.31 per cent of the year) on stock-base days, while Eastern securities continued to boost market ownership by virtue of their large retail user size and flow-conversion advantages, leading to higher commission fees.
Long. From 2.20 per cent in March 2018 to 3.22 per cent in September 2020, the net revenue from securities handling charges and commissions in Eastern Fédération rose to 1,878 million yuan, or +49.62 per cent. 2) The two-pronged business remained strong, driving the performance of Eastern Fédérations.
Net interest income of $766 million, +55.72 per cent. In recent years, the operating capital of Eastern securities has been effective 1.99 per cent at the end of the quarter, resulting in a significant increase in net interest income. 3) Investment returns have increased significantly, and Eastern securities have performed well on their own business. 2020h1 transactional financial assets of East Asian securities have amounted to $22.8 billion, +211.4 per cent, and total investment returns (net return on investment + net gain on change in fair value) have increased significantly.
At $410 million, compared to +40,281%, we expect that with the company’s ability to invest and investment strategy, it will be enriched and will boost the development of self-investment. Capital supplementation will be significant, investment licence approvals will be extended, and the competitiveness of Eastern European securities will be significantly enhanced.
The issue of “Treasury 2” effectively complements the operating capital of the securities, thereby providing a strong support for the development of the securities business. According to the data published by the Securities Association, the size of the net assets in 2020 was ranked as follows:
9 to 24, with 10 to 23 operating income, entering the first echelons of securities. With the introduction of the “Treat East 3” the credit and portfolio investment business is expected to expand further and continue to grow at a high rate. (2) The approval of the investment licence and the continued introduction of Eastern talent.
Increases. 2020h1 Eastern securities operations and management costs +35.20% to 692 million yuan, mainly due to the continuous introduction of capital controls and researchers into Eastern securities to facilitate the development of securities equity operations. Previously, East securities investment licences were approved, accompanied by rising demand for securities.
Traders have advantages in product design, product marketing, investment advisers themselves, and in wealth management there are three core advantages: high-flow, low-cost, high-quality services, and future financial securities will do a great job in investment advisers and customer asset allocation.
▪ The Internet finance platform has grown well, looking forward to a new era of wealth management: 1) The equity market is fast growing, and the company’s performance is expected to continue beyond market expectations.
The future growth in the wealth of the residents is expected to increase steadily. 2) The fund’s registered capital has increased considerably and business development is sustainable. The company’s announcement (7.13) refers to TWF (7.13) as TWF.
Investment in business, securitization of assets, fund-raising reits, etc.) Securities, equity-shares, managing the dividends of the transition, and looking at the company’s long-term development potential.
1 Eastern Wealth (300059): Eastern financiers provide the services of a fund investment consultant.
The advantage of the flow leads to the growth of its clientele, the expansion of its size, the creation of a good closed circle of corporate wealth, and the long-term development potential of the company.
The stock market continues to grow, and capital markets in the current country enter the gold development cycle with the acquisition of the Fund's license plates and multi-platform flows.
Whip 2021-06-10.3) Macroeconomics are less than expected; 4) market volatility shocks the return on self-employment investment.
Table 1: Industry rankings in Eastern Wealth Securities (formerly Tibetans) are on the rise.