On July 07, 2021, the Eastern Wealth Securities Corporation announced its announcement on July 6, 2021.
A reply was received from the CSRC on matters related to the pilot implementation of the Fund’s investment consultancy industry, Chu Jie Yu. According to the reply, CSRC launched a fund for the Eastern Wealth Securities Pilot.
The process of managing the wealth is accelerating as a result of the approval of a pilot investment in the Tung Trei securities: (a) the approval of a pilot investment in the Tung Trei securities and the acceleration of the process of managing the wealth. Compared to a “seller investment”, the “buyer” primarily earns the investment consultant fee, based on the size of the customer's asset management, and the pilot was awarded the investment fee.
The approvals are expected to boost the new course of wealth management in Eastern wealth securities and enhance competitiveness in the area of management. (2) Companies are constantly injecting fresh “bloods” into the management of empowered wealth. The company's soul figure is actually continuing to head the board of directors, and a new generation of business management teams is expected to lead the company to a younger age.
On June 25, 2021, the company restructured its structure, created new wealth management ventures and innovative businesses, while at the same time actively recruiting managers and middle-level researchers, and we expect that restructuring and the introduction of talent will accelerate the process of managing corporate wealth.
Supermarket, full-time custom commissioning. Previously, the Sky Fund went online with the custodians, through access to funds and securities companies with public fund-raising licences, and the fund and voucher companies provided the users with the base investment consultant business services. As of 6 July 2021, the custodians were on line with seven governments.
The Division ' s investment product, a thousand-dollar investment, a 0.15 per cent investment rate.  Continued expansion of the investment pilot and continuous upgrading of the wealth management of bond dealers: 1) October 2019.
The circular states that it is in the interest of our capital market specialization to force traditional institutions to provide higher-quality services, optimize our investor structure, effectively promote the transfer of residents' assets to medium- and long-term finance, and bring about a new foundation.
2) Banks, bond dealers, public funds and third-party institutions enter the same age of competition. As of 6 July 2021, more than 50 institutions across the market had received a pilot grant from the Fund, including 22 public funds, 3 independent third-party sales agencies, 3 banks, securities companies.
Twenty-four coupons are “buyers” and are motivated by professional investment. They have a certain advantage in product design, product marketing, investment consultants, etc., compared to banks and tripartite agencies.
The business is expected to continue to outperform the market with the rapid growth of the equity market.
About 60 per cent of the end-server and sales service fees from the Fund, the size of which as of the end of December 2020 was +97 per cent to $12.78 billion, which led to sales revenues from the Fund +140 per cent to $2.96 billion, and to the continued growth in the wealth of the population in the future, and we expect the Fund to remain in place.
There will be a steady uplift; 2) debt-transferable replenishment of operating capital, and we expect high growth in securities brokering, blending: companies using the Internet wealth management biosphere and the core competitive advantage of large users, 1, Eastern Wealth (300059): “Hafou”
The share has been rising steadily; in 2020, the net interest income of the Eastern stock securities was 1.260 billion yuan, compared to 88 per cent, and the securities were “blowed, internationalized fast” and we expect a further expansion of the tradable brokering business.) The current capital market is expanding.
The size of equity funds and the size of capital markets are expected to continue to grow during the period of gold development, as companies demonstrate three natural cores of excellence in wealth management: high-flow, low-cost, high-quality services, annual reports and one-quarter reviews in 2021:
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: we expect the company to continue to grow as equity markets enter the gold cycle.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board