Exchange and securities operations contributed to higher performance, wealth management, Eastern wealth (300059.sz) event: Eastern wealth announcement, semi-annual performance forecast 2021, net return profit achieved in the first half of the year
In the first half of 2021, there was a significant increase in the volume of real and holdings, and a significant increase in revenue from e-commerce operations. At the same time, there was a significant increase in equity in brokering.
The large increase in the volume and size of transactions has resulted in a significant increase in commissions and interest income. Securities brokering and the market share of mixed businesses are expected to increase further. 1) Brokering: Transactions: Mailbox: zhuding@
We expect a further increase in the share of the city of q2, which will lead to a two-way lag, adding up to 15.8 billion transhipments issued by companies, 12 billion corporate debts to be issued and $1 billion in external debt to facilitate business development.
The significant increase in the size of the Fund and the increase in non-fund holdings contributed to the increase in sales operations. In the first half of 2021, the Eastern Fiscal Fund increased in volume. In the case of the Fund, the entire market in the first half of 2021.
Foreclosures were active, with the share of industry public funds distributed in the first half of the year being 1.58 trillion, or +45.8 per cent, of which equity funds rose sharply, to $1.28 trillion, up from 66.4 per cent in the same period last year, to 80.8 per cent.
In addition to the increase in the size of the Fund, which has led to an increase in sales revenue at the front end of the East Bank, and more importantly, as the wealth of the population grows, the increase in non-capital holdings will result in a steady increase in the earnings of the tailservant (60% of the base income comes from the sale of tailings by the Fund), which is significant.
Of the gold holdings, the Equities + Mixed Public Funds hold the size of $375 billion, with 5.1% of the city ' s share (reflecting the advantages of the Sky Fund in equity funds), and are in the fifth place among industry sales agencies, and second only to the Ants Fund in third-party sales agencies.
The equity fund continues to expand, and the wealth management transition is moving fast. Living in a house, new regulations, and profits.
Against the backdrop of the downside rate of \triangleright Sindha Securities, Inc., the trend towards capital market inflows is expected to increase, as well as to the east.
On July 6th, the Eastern Wealth Certificate, House No. 1 of the 9th Street in the West Side of Beijing City.
The bonds are qualified to invest in the operations of the Fund, and with the experience of the Sky Fund's “custodians”, future capital investors will focus more on the Fund's holdings, increase client aum by improving the quality of services, align client interests and accelerate the transformation of wealth management.
The restructuring, the elimination of securities futures and funds, and the increase in the wealth management portfolio reflect the importance attached to wealth management strategies. In the light of the development experience of Ka-shin, Ka-shin has undergone a process of transitioning wealth management from a low commission to a low-extend M&A of the market.
At a critical stage in the evolution of portfolio flows towards a conic of asset management, the market share is rising, but the public fund-raising license plate is still dominated by passive products with a low per capita aum, and the wealth management layout will enhance proactive management capacity and raise per capita aum.
It's also a younger, professional, internationalized team for managing the team, taking advantage of the opportunities of the Internet era, and turning to wealth management. Profit predictions and investment ratings: securities operations are expected to rely on online flow advantages, low commission rates, and low rates.
The cost of financing is expected to rise even further. Debt-forwarding capital is expected to increase, and the size of the market is expected to expand rapidly. The Fund’s niche has been strengthened, and the rise in non-fund holdings has led to an increase in the share of back-end income.
In addition, the process of internationalization is accelerating, and it is expected to increase the flow and sticky advantage of the Sky Fund and the stock bar, as well as low commissions and high-quality services.
To direct the Haffold stock flow to meet the growing demand for overseas configuration. We've been upgraded to \triangleright, master's degree in international finance from the University of Duren Enterprises, England.
In November 2019, he joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for the non-sink securities research and conducts research in the non-sink financial sector. Wang Ring, Master of Arts, graduate in finance at Boston University in the United States, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2019 and engaged in research in the non-sink finance sector.
Wen Ribang, a master’s degree in finance, graduated from the University of Gangan, worked at the Pacific Life Insurance Company Ltd., joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in May 2021 for research in the non-banking financial sector. The components are irrelevant, irrelevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.