In mid-2021, performance continued to increase, equity incentives and net profit for mothers increased from +106.1 per cent to 3.73 billion yuan, and performance continued supermarket expectations maintained high growth.
▪ Retail securities continue to show high growth, and investment size and returns are bright: 1) due to higher market performance and company-to-market growth, Eastern stock securities have remained high. 2021h1 market stock base days averaged 97.7 billion yuan (year-on-year + 21.1%). In the context of higher market activity,
In June 2021, the Tibetan Regional Brokerage Market, which has reached 3.4 per cent (higher overall), promoted the net revenue of fees and commissions as compared to +55.8 per cent to 2.23 billion yuan. The market balance of 2021h1 was higher than last year.
The rate has been rising steadily. The ratio of mixed shares in eastern wealth securities increased by 0.6 pct to 2.3 per cent on a year-on-year basis, with equity fund equity net assets amounting to $8.1 trillion compared to +19.2 per cent at the beginning of the year.
In the future, we expect a steady increase in EDF holdings. 3) The return on investment has increased significantly, and the performance of EFOs in their own business has been impressive.
Easy financial assets amount to 23.8 billion yuan, compared with +206.62%; total return on investment (net return on investment + enhanced capacity to invest + growing investment strategy) will boost the development of self-investment by companies. The platform’s scope effect will significantly reduce cost rates, talent expansion + equity incentives, and Eastern fiscal competitiveness will be evident
Upgraded: 1) The platform has a significant impact and costs continue to decline, and companies have made a big effort to attract talent, leading to a significant increase in R & D costs. The business rate of company h1 declined significantly in 2021 (from 2018 to 2018, when researchers were imported (1823 R & D staff, or 37% of the total), leading to research.
On July 23, 2021, Eastern wealth announced the draft plan for 818 employees (including new company executives such as Zheng Qun and technical cadres).
Restricted equities (0.48% of total equity). This equity incentive has helped to rejuvenate senior managers to create incentives that work with company elders, attract and retain cadres, fully motivate and creative the company core team, and effectively enhance team cohesion and firm core competitiveness.
▪ The development of Internet finance platforms is positive, as is the new era of wealth management: 1) The piloting of financial securities for investment has been approved and the process of wealth management has accelerated. With rising demand for investment, coupons have an advantage in product design, product marketing, investment consultants themselves, and wealth in the future.
The management area has three core advantages: high-flow, low-cost, high-quality services, and future financial securities will do a lot in terms of investment advisers and customer asset allocation.
The company announcement (7.13) states that the registered capital of the TFI will grow from 400 million to 800 million yuan. We believe that there is hope for the future to develop innovative business such as investing in business and assets.
Securitization, fund-raising reits, etc.) Overseas placements will lead to an increase in the performance of Eastern wealth, which will be considered as a new era of wealth management: Fortune International will be renamed Haffou Securities, and will mark the company's entry into the overseas market. 2021 2, Eastern Wealth (300059): Eastern wealth.
On June 9th, the company announced that it would issue $1 billion in bonds to supplement offshore subsidiaries' capital funds, that the portfolio licence was approved, and that wealth management was expected to increase the proportion of overseas assets allocated to residents as regulatory restrictions on overseas investment were relaxed.
Step up, looking at the company's future in capital replenishment, product rotation, customer orientation and brand re-engineering, 3, Eastern Wealth (300059): “Ha  Profit Forecast and Investment Rating: We expect to move into gold development weeks with current domestic capital markets
Fulfilled securities, rapid internationalization of the Maga era, accelerated acquisition of license plates for funds and multi-platform flow conversion, corporate wealth management operations Whips 2021-06-10
3) Macroeconomics are less than expected; 4) market volatility shocks the return on self-employment investment.
Figure 5: Cost of Eastern wealth in 2014 - 2021h1 Management costs including R & D costs)
Figure 8: Sales and revenues from Eastern Wealth Fund 2013-2021h1