The world's Battery King is a great player, and the power reserve can lead the sea.
Keywords: #City rises, the age of Meningde is thick and thin, and competitiveness is expected to be sustained over the long term.
In the window period, battery technology and costs remain core competitiveness, and it is expected that the vanguard will continue to dominate industrial development. On the technical side, the Ningde-era product-team-leading industry, where R & D inputs are well advanced, patent placements, access to the entire industry chain, and the fall of new technologies in 23-24 years further widens the gap with competitors;
On the other hand, companies have excellent technological and technological skills, combined with strong indigenous procurement bargaining power from the integrated layout of raw materials, scale effects, and the cost advantages created are expected to be sustained over the long term. The global advantage of driving technology is expected to be sustained.
In January-November 22, Ningde's share of the world rose to 20-25% in overseas cities. 22q4 powered 85gwh, 20% ring, and nearly 250gwhh in 22 years.
The annual rise in lithium carbonate, the q1 profit-bearing pressure, the establishment of a metal association mechanism, the turning point of q2, the return of q4 profits to 0.08/wh, 23 years of material stacking and vehicle price reductions, lower prices for batteries, increased profitability based on lithium carbonate, reliance on technological advances and industrial chain layouts, and continued high future growth prospects.
• The rapid release of storage capacity and a significant recovery in profitability have led to a major global outbreak. Thanks to the eruption of large reserves in Central America and European households, stocks have been able to usher in a period of gold development, supported by 23 years of increased demand for energy batteries, such integrated systems as eerc/one, and through technical cooperation, joint ventures, strategic entry, etc.
In 22 years, the company stored 55gwh (household 5gwh, large domestic reserve 10gwh, large overseas reserve 40gwh), with nearly 40% of the world’s cities ranked first, and the United States city ranked first, far ahead. In 23 years, 100gwh (household 10gwh) is expected to arrive.
The Ningde era (300,750): 2022 was a strong leader. On the profit side, influenced by the price increase and delivery cycle of raw materials, 22 years h1 performance forecast: q4 performed better than the market.
With the delivery of new projects, lithium carbonate prices are passed well, Maori storage power cores continue to be premiumed, storage profits are expected to explode in 23 years, and growth is expected to be high in the future.
Pool leader, powered by a rapid increase in overseas shares, storage operations kept growing at a high rate for 23 years. 1. Recapitulation: ten years of thin hair, global rise of lithium taps. 1.1. Equity structure: concentration of equity structure, top 10 shareholders with 58.94 per cent shareholding.
The equity structure is centralized, with the top 10 shareholders holding 58.94% of the total. The company’s controlling shareholders invest in the Swiss court, directly holding 23.33% of the company’s shares. The company actually controls the company’s owners of the company’s holdings, namely, the Xing Xing and Li Ping, who invest 100% of the shares and indirectly hold 23.33% of the company’s shares.
Coherent actors, totalling 27.92% of the total stock held by the company prior to its issuance. The top 10 shareholders together held 58.94% of the shares, and the equity structure was more concentrated. The company, through joint ventures or equity participation, was able to cover the whole chain of the lithium electricity industry up and down, with depths covering the upper lithium, nickel, cobalt, middle-stream materials, downstream cars, storage power, etc., showing the global role of the King of Lithium Electric Power.
Figure 1: The stock structure of the Ningde era and some of its subsidiaries (up to the end of 2203) 1.2. Management: technical origins in the field of deep-cultivation of lithium electricity, strategic development and precision in positioning of companies' management in the field of deep-cultivation of lithium batteries and experience in the direction of lithium electricity research and development, production, marketing, strategic decision-making, etc.
The Ningde era, with its high-quality management team, led by the Quantities and the Yellow Shizuku, formed the core of the atl, which laid the foundation for the Department’s early rapid development in the power cell area. The founders, who had run a number of leading battery companies, had identified differentiated competitive strategies for atl, broken through key technical challenges, and accumulated deep over the years in various areas of lithium electricity.
At the same time, the team, with a number of top-level management firms, has an excellent corporate development history in terms of strategic corporate development: it was born atl, it had a lithium gene, it had a deep technological reserve, it was born atl, it had a deep bottom, and it grew into a global lithium power king.
Positioning power cells, atl held 15% of the share in the catl at the start of its establishment, and transferred the share in 2015, thus creating early complementarities with the atl in terms of resources, research and development, and manpower, setting the basis for rapid growth in the power cell sector in the Ninder era. In 2012, the company became a BMW supplier, giving a brand name.
The company and the strategic agreement quickly expanded its client base, successfully tied up high-quality customers such as the U.S. bus, the upper gas, the North gas, the Gilly, and entered into the BMW, Daimler, the general public, the Japanese, etc., and quickly grew into power cells in just a few years.
Subsidization policies have shifted towards high energy density and low-energy technologies, the rise of three-dollar lithium borrowing, and companies that have for the first time gone beyond pine and Biyadi to become the world’s largest power cell company, after which they have entered the global market since 18 years, and have gained a number of cars and cars from abroad, where the share of overseas cities has started to rise. Since 20 years, the global electric car market has erupted, and companies have expanded their capacity and become radical, turning off competition.
The global market is quickly seized by rivals, with 2022q3’s domestic market share stable at 50% +, global market share at over 35%, and a strong industry niche. Corporate client outreach can be divided into four stages:
In 2012, with the BMW strategy, high standards demanded an increase in their production capacity and a shift in consumption to power cells. In 2012, the Ningd era captured the BMW bill with a technology base and a high-end brand endorsement atl, and created power cells for the first high-end pure electric car of the BMW, No.1e.
The full process of power cell development, design, development, certification, testing was completed, the switch from consumer to power cell was made to BMW’s sole battery supplier in the Great China region, and the power cell market was quickly opened. In 2013-2016, with BMW endorsements, the company was able to tap domestic customers into development.
Fast-tracking. The Ninder era, 2013 provided power cells for the largest bus factory in the world, and the aid company sang all the way, and then successfully tied up high-quality customers, such as Woo-ton, upper gas, North gas, and Gilly, with a fast increase in the volume of shipments. In 2017-2019, the firm triad was the main line, and was set up by major domestic vehicles, and it was set up with mainstream car companies.
In 2015, the state launched the Power Batteries' White List, the Ninder era gained a good development environment, the domestic subsidy policy has been tilted towards a high-energy-density car type since 2016, the three-dollar lithium battery is growing rapidly, and the Ningde era is growing rapidly.
According to ggii, the number of clients in 2017 was 74, rising to 120 in 2019. In 2018-2022, overseas markets were actively laid out, and overseas customers were set to fully bloom and gradually grow into global champions.
In 2018, the BMW, Dymler and Modern Kea hosted several overseas factories, officially marched overseas. In 2018, the company supplied power cells for the popular meb platform, entered the Daimler-Benz supply chain, received the BMW 1 billion Euros of lithium battery orders; in 2019, the BMW order was increased to €7.3 billion, received the Honda order and reached a full deal with Toyota.
A partnership agreement; the company’s power cell framework agreement with Tesla, signed in 2020, entered the Tesla supply chain, and the global city share rose from 19% in 17 years to 35% in the Ningd era, with global leadership established. Corporate positioning is high, strategic positioning is clear, and attention is focused on three main directions and four major innovation systems.
Development directions include adherence to “replacement of stationary fossil energy with renewable energy and storage at its core, replacement of mobile fossil energy with power cells at its core, application scenarios with electrodynamic + intelligentization at its core” and, based on this, continued progress in building four major innovation systems: one is in-depth material micromechanisms, and innovation in material systems for the development of high-performance materials;
The second is system-wide structural innovation through system optimization that reduces energy consumption, efficiency gains and costs; the third is a commitment to building flexible, efficient, low-cost, high-quality, self-upgrading manufacturing innovation; and the fourth is a business model innovation that connects the entire industry chain from raw materials, battery manufacturing, operation services and material recovery.
1.4. Finance: thick and thin, five-year growth in revenue, rapid expansion in volume, maximum manufacturing efficiency gains, and continued high performance. Net corporate return profits rose from $3.9 billion in 2017 to largely undirected downstream, profit levels dropped significantly, q2 metal linkage pricing started and profits quickly returned.
Figure 3: The Ningde-era harvest and the same-year growth rate (millions of dollars) has been declining year by year as battery prices have continued to decline as the size of the company continues to grow. As the company has grown rapidly, marketing costs have been well charged, and high R & D inputs have been maintained for many years, and overall costs have been well controlled since 2016.
For power batteries, which have benefited from the global electric vehicle market, the size of the harvest has grown rapidly, accounting for 65 per cent of the collection rate, which is affected by the annual fall in battery prices at profit levels, the rate of power Maori has fallen year by year, with a 22 per cent rate of power batteries in 21 years, and the rate of storage of energy batteries, which has risen rapidly over 21 years, with a high rate of growth, rising to 16 per cent.
In the case of lithium electric materials, revenues have increased on a year-on-year basis, and other businesses have continued to grow. The company’s revenue from lithium electric materials operations has continued to grow, with 58% in 17-21 years cagr and 15.5 billion yuan in 21 years, a significant increase of 351% or 12% in the same year, a significant increase in accounts payable, the insufficiency of high-quality power batteries, and a further increase in the company’s bargaining power capacity in 2018.
The firm’s cash flow has performed well, thanks to its good up-and-down bargaining capacity. Since 2016, the firm’s operating cash flow has grown rapidly, with 184.3/42.91 billion yuan in operating cash flows in 2020 and 2021, respectively, increasing by 36.8 per cent and 132.8 per cent, benefiting from a strong up-and-down bargaining capacity, and the company’s cash flow has performed well.
Power cells: technology, production capacity, full cost lead, with a rapid increase in the share of overseas cities, 2.1. Industry: power is on the rise, downstream demand is on the rise, company output is on the rise, global power is on the rise, with power cell demand in 2021-2025 reaching 48%.
With the intensive roll-out of new models, the power supply has become a core power drive for electric motors, adding electric vehicles to their power-car capacity, and the demand for power cells has been growing at a high rate. We expect global electric vehicle sales to be 10.19 million in 2022, with 2023 expected to be more than 13.5 million vehicles, an increase of 35 per cent, corresponding to the demand for power cells of 891 gwh, of which lithium/triple requires 292/393gwh.
With the benefits of a global power-car demand surge, corporate battery output has been growing at a high rate. Corporate battery output has benefited from a global power-car demand surge, with company battery output growing at a high rate in 2016-2019, over 40gwh in 2019, the impact of the epidemic falling in 2020, and domestic electric vehicle sales have increased in 2021 over and above overseas exports.
On top, the company achieved 133gwh sales of lithium batteries, an increase of 185%. We expect a 110% increase in battery sales over the year 22, of which o4 is 85gwh, ring + 20%. On the overseas side alone, overseas shipments have been rapid in recent years.
Since 2017, the company has maintained a global power leader, since 2021, the gap between the offshore battery plant and the global loading rate has continued to rise to 37%. According to the sne caliber, the air loading of the Ninder era continued to be dominated domestically, from 12gwh to 36gwh, with a compound growth rate of 44%, and the global city of the Ninder era has a 19% share.
Upgrade of 10 pct to 29%, the share of which remains the highest in the world; the 2020 Ningde era, where the lg two-dive status is strong, with the share of the installed aircraft standing at 25/18%; and the 2021 global acceleration of the electric process and the rapid outbreak of overseas exports of companies with 97gwh, an increase of 167%, leaving the gap between lg (60gwh) and lugging (36gwh).
Since 2017, the share of domestic installed aircraft has risen rapidly to 50% + and remained stable since 2019, and the position of domestic power cell taps has been strong. After the BMW orders were seized in 2012, companies were tied up in 2013-2016.
Large domestic customers, such as upper gas, North gas and Woo-tung, have developed into fast-tracks, gained a number of high-quality domestic clients in 2017-2019, and installed high-yielding volumes have grown. As a result of domestic subsidy policies that have been tilted towards high-energy-density models since 2016, three-dollar lithium batteries have developed rapidly, focusing on the three-dollar share of the Ningde-era installed in 2017.
Biadi of the lithium battery became the leader of the country, rapidly increasing from 29 per cent to 53 per cent in 2017-2019 with the opening up of companies by large clients, occupying a 50 per cent or more share of the country ' s power cells since 2019, with the domestic loading volume rising by 93 per cent in November, and the share of the country ' s municipalities remaining at 51 per cent (ggii caliber).
2.3. Technology: a highly productive, technology-integrator industry with a far ahead of R & D input 22 - 24 years of reaching 25 - 30 years of fixed-point windows, power cell technology and costs remain core competitiveness, dragon second-line battery manufacturers start up, competition in the domestic market increases, and collusive European and American home-grown battery plants begin to land,
The power cell industry is still in a period of rapid technological change, technological progress becomes the core driving force of the industry, and electric vehicles move from supply-driven to autonomous demand, with further increases in costs and performance requirements, and technology and costs remain core competitiveness.
On the one hand, after five to seven years of high growth in domestic power cells, the technology of second-line manufacturers has matured, and on the other hand, electric cars are full-blown, market space is open, power cell industries are full-blown. On the other hand, second-line battery companies are gradually entering the mainstream vehicle supply chain, security, etc., and the market is worried about dragons and second-line batteries.
We believe that the power cell industry is a natural pre-emptive industry, that the battery is constantly technologically iterative within the current electrochemical system, that new technologies require long periods of certification, that sodium ion cells, solid-state batteries, etc., do not escape from the current electrochemical system, and that the current system has its taps built up with leading research and development inputs and years of accumulation.
The first advantage is clear; the second cost advantage is derived from the scale effect, the technological lead and the integrated layout, the size advantage and the dominant edge of the first physical layout, and the lead through leading production processes, which further spreads the cost gap, and the leading technology and cost lead is expected to remain constant.
Ninder's technology leads the industry, with far-reaching R & D inputs, and patent placements across the entire industry chain. Electrochemical R & D is the result of a long-term accumulation of empirical science with a pre-accumulation advantage, with all the patents of the Ningde era covering upstream materials and equipment ends, patent layouts and depths far beyond their peers, and companies accumulated 5,000+ patents in 2018-2021.
The most patented modules, pack-levels, etc., have a wide array of upstream positives, negatives, electrolytes, diaphragms, equipment, structures, etc., with a total of close to 1605 patents and new technologies with long-term layouts, including sodium rehydration, non-negative batteries, solid-state batteries, etc., while companies spent $7.7 billion on R&D in 2021, three to five times their second-line R&D inputs.
The power cell has been able to achieve high performance + high value for money through material system innovation + system structural innovation. The battery technology advances have been divided mainly into material system innovation and system structural innovation, addressing consumer miles of anxiety, electricity, etc.
Pool costs are high, with high energy density, fast charging, dropbooks as the main direction of battery progress, a comprehensive layout for the Ninder era, (1) innovations in the material system, and a gap between offshore and second-line battery plants in the country.
Energy density rises to 400-500wh/kg, leading the product line for the next 5-10 years, relying on high nickel technology to achieve high energy intensity. We measure high nickel as a third-dollar battery loader in 21 years at 30% +, and are expected to increase further in 22 years to 50% + with super-high nickel battery R & D, etc., with the exception of Ningde.
Billions of latitudes and moths are able to achieve eight-grade battery volume loaders, smaller sizes, short-term replacement of most second-line battery plants with high voltage nickel 55, and overseas battery plants have eight battery capacity, but with the exception of pinetime, the product is still dominated by six, technology is moving slowly, and Ningde’s energy density gap is opened.
Middle nickel high voltage is a short-term alternative, with single crystalhead layouts like the Ningde era, where high voltage nickels are installed in large quantities of vehicles like argon, geometry, and c. Given the advantages of single crystal material in terms of circular performance, heat stability, security, and cost relative to multi-crystal high nickel material, and the high-security, low-cost demand for cars, Ningde will put single crystals high pressure.
Nickel material is an important research and development direction. The energy density of the upper steam vortex 6 core is 243wh/kg, geometryc, single body voltage is raised from 4.3v to 4.35v, showing the good performance of nickel high pressure in Ninder.
It's a different competition. The industrialization of Devon Namimfp, the major supplier of the Ningde era, is fast, with a small bulk production expected in the second half of 2022, a large volume production in 23 years, a 26.5% stake in the Ningde era, a multi-faceted phosphate-manganese lithium production, and an upgraded version of the Manganese lithium-m3p product, which we expect to take the lead in the Ninder era.
The Ningde era also led to new technologies such as sodium ion cells, composite fluids, condensed batteries, solid-state batteries, sodium ion cells, and composite fluids are expected to start mass production in the 23rd century. Sodium ion batteries are expected to be used in the Ningd era.
A layer-like oxidation route, with energy density exceeding 160wh/kg, with life cycle of more than 3,000 times, is used to continue 400km. In the following electric vehicles, the company's initial ab battery integration technology can even meet the need for a 500 km extension of the vehicle type. In the future, it can be seen that the energy density of 200wh/kg is likely to circulate 10,000 times. The composite stream is expected to use the pp-based membranes.
Mainly, for high-end vehicles, the battery’s safety and energy density can be significantly enhanced. The company is also leading the industry’s technology in new areas such as accelerated layouts of semi-solid, solid, and condensed batteries.
The second generation energy density of company ctp technology is 210 kwh/kg, the third generation of niobium batteries is 255 kwh/kg, the fourth generation of which can do 260 kwh/kg. The third generation of ctp 3.0 argon batteries will become a multi-power, elastic layer with a system integration efficiency of 72% (17% higher than the first generation of niobium batteries and 9% higher than 4680).
Energy density is higher than that of a package, a cylinder system, which means that chemical systems can be less aggressive and less costly. Ninder plans to officially launch a highly integrated ctc (celltochasis) battery technology around 2025, with an expected upgrading to a fifth-generation smart ctc electrical chassis system around 2028.
The company speeds up the technological innovation of the chc and develops a slided chassis to control the voice. ctc can further increase the volume utilization rate on ctp, but it weakens the voice of the battery factory throughout the car, and ciic is built and produced as a result of integrated (cell plus chassis) planning and production, thus enabling the independent development of the lift-off body, allowing the Ningde era to take control of the voice on the ctc program, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, and the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, which, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, which, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company of the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company of the company, the company, the company of the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company, the company,
Recent acceleration of technology layouts: New Security in the era of joint ventures in September 21 (54% shareholding), focusing on integrated electrical chassis, etc.; formerly CtoCay Jianyong, a smart car, introduced in April 222, as the head of the ctc battery chassis integration operation; October 322, signed a ciic partnership with the vinfast.
The model introduces highly integrated ctc battery technology, reducing the development time & input (30%+), with a generic rate of up to 70-80% and a continuous range of 800 km; in January 423, the intelligence of the time contracted with the car to work together on the ciic integrated smart chassis; and in January 523, the production base of the intelligence of the time integrated smart chassis was located in the house.
High-quality second-line plants can also develop targeted technologies, either with the support of traditional business cash flows or with the support of mainstream cars. Second-line plants can also develop targeted technologies, but learning and targeting of existing mature technologies is more effective.
The pool plant continues to invest in research and development. Thus, battery companies that maintain traditional operations that stabilize cash flows (e.g., Xinwanda, billion latitudes of lithium energy, altruistic energy, etc.) or that are supported by mainstream cars (including technology, order support), still have the capacity to invest continuously in research and development, and can complete targeted technological upgrades in individual customers or segmented areas.
The market is concerned that the ratio of lithium to the upgrading drives the rapid deployment of second-line batteries, that the gap between the taps and the industry will continue to rise over the long term, and that the gap between the pioneers and the second-line battery plant will be maintained. In the event of high raw material costs, the demand will drive the demand for lithium, and some of the second-line cars will start to grow, but the search for high value for money does not mean the product.
Homogenization or demand reduction, radicalistic high nickel layouts of the Ningde era, lead in manganese lithium, ctp layouts, fast-filled, low-temperature properties with natural defects, reliance on improved battery plant formulations, and Ninder can still move out of a differentiated competitive path and maintain nuclear accumulation of offshore battery plant technology, but the product layout is relatively limited and the material system is relatively conservative.
In the German era, the battery plants are heavily attached to the conglomerates, and the conglomerates, the lg, the tristars and so forth are home-grown, equipped with electrochemical genes, leading the world in the production process (good rate, ppm, etc.), but the layout of the overseas battery plants is relatively limited to three-dollar soft bags/cylinder batteries, and the three-dollar soft bags had a clear previous energy density advantage and were refueled to power the electric train.
, but with the introduction of Ninderctp and the pure power platform requirements for standardized cores, the tridimensional +ctp gradually bends over the wheel, the soft-pack share decreases, and the offshore battery plant is subject to the late patented layout of lithium. In addition, the offshore battery plant is relatively cautious in the application of the new material system and has high nickel battery capacity, but the product structure is still 6 systems.
Seven batteries dominated, and material systems such as super-high nickel, lithium and manganese and sodium ion batteries were changing at a slower rate than Ningde, when the Ningde bends overboard.
Short-term downside pressure is high, second-line battery manufacturers rely on lithium, high voltage nickel 55 tanks for rapid release, and the Ninder era, in addition to leading the existing high nickel, lithium, ctp technology layouts, is long-term, Ninder's time-accelerated material system innovation and system-structure innovation. Technological advances accelerated in 22-23 years, super-nitrotic and manganese lithium,
Divergent competition, such as sodium ion batteries, with further structural innovations such as ctp3.0, ctc, ab formations, etc. The technological lead of the Ningde era and second-line battery plants is always maintained.
The expansion of production capacity accelerated in the Ninder era, and we expect to deliver 450gwhh in 23 years, a 50% increase in the same year, a forward capacity of close to 310gwh, and a 100gwh output that we expect to produce by the end of 22nd. With the new, globalized production configuration, the existing production capacity is already over 900gwh, far ahead of the second-line and offshore battery plants.
Cost: Production processes, integration, size advantages, core barriers, long-term cost advantages.
Material integration layouts, bargaining power from local procurement, and materials performance in the Ningde era, which is good at craft techniques. The Battery Operations of Samsung started to make profits in 2020, lig and Matsumoto made power profits in 2021, but they were still far below Ningde’s profit levels in 2021.
Materials have a procurement advantage; while Ninder's autonomous layout of the upstream material core, it is more downstream to become a supplier of “fore-processing” models, better controlling costs and product quality. We expect that even with a better rate of 2-3 pct and equipment depreciation faster than overseas, the combined costs of the Ninder era will remain 10-15% lower than overseas, with a clear cost advantage.
Ninder's 21-year power business Māori ratio is higher than that of his domestic counterparts by 2-3 ptt, with a long-term advantage in price costs. In the context of Nínd accelerated depreciation, the 21-year power cell business Māori rate is 22% higher than that of his domestic counterparts, with a real Māori advantage of around 5 pt. 1) Nínd's price is 5-10% higher than the second line.
It's much more expensive than the industry, and it's more competitive about downstream cars. Second-line plants often need to develop new domestic customers at a price of 5-10% less than Ninder. 2) Cost is about 10% lower than second-line. Ninder's own core technology, more suppliers become “fore-processing” models; and Ninder purchases more than five times as much as other firms, stable demand for long sheets, and stable purchases.
The second-line battery plant is less likely to form a bargaining power at the start of the vehicle, and the cost reduction is more likely to be based on the increased bargaining power at the end of the material purchase after relying on later scales. But there is a long-standing gap in the two-line bargaining power when it comes to the size of the Birninger era.
Technology drives batteries to produce better-quality products with the same materials. On the one hand, the Ninder era controls the upstream materials core technology, which can use the same materials for better products, or achieve performance plus cost win-wins through very simple structures, ultra thin copper aluminum, ultra thin coating, and so on; on the other hand, the company increases the company ' s cost advantage.
The scale effects of the Ningde era are clear, mainly in terms of bargaining power over upstream raw materials. The Ningde era uses large orders to increase its bargaining power, while competing to lower prices.
Fragmentation, the company's multi-supplier choice of supply and price-restricting companies support small businesses with the potential to compete with the price of a supplier with high orders. Ninder's manufacturing level is far higher than that of a second-line manufacturer, with a good rate of quality, and a full-scale push for ppm. The Ninder era is growing at the end of the equipment.
R & D layouts accelerate breakthroughs in equipment design and production processes, while the gap between good rates and product consistency is gradually reduced to one to two years. The Ningdelian rate is 95% + and the second-line battery manufacturer is 85-90%, compared to the domestic manufacturer, and ppm is always in the lead, and the advantage is maintained as new production lines are put into operation and single-line output increases.
In the case of lithium resources, the domestic configuration is suitable, the Sichuan deposits are abundant, the smelters are growing, the Bolivian lithium mining project is leading, and the future supply chain is secure. In the case of nickel resources, the company plans to invest $11 million (49% of shares) in the future supply chain with the Indonesian antam.
Investing in the development of the red-earth nickel mine in Indonesia. At the same time holding the pre-problem drive and the positive-poble link in the stock market, and participating in a number of positive-polar manufacturers, with fragmented supply structures and improved bargaining power.
It also supports second-line suppliers of medium- and star-based materials, energy sources, energy sources, and so forth, and takes the initiative to negotiate.
Or signing a LTA. Ninder’s deep layout on the industrial chain will help to secure its critical resource supply and step up its profitability and further increase its cost advantage. 2.6. Profitability (power + energy cell): 23 years of lower battery prices, through integrated global layout,
We assume that the price of the triple pack is $1.35/wh, and that the iron lithium pack 1.1/wh, in accordance with the current metal connection pricing method, falls in lithium carbonate.
If the price of lithium carbonate is an average of 500,000 tonnes per year, q4 530,000 tonnes per year, q1 450,000 tonnes per year, and the average price is estimated at 430,000 tonnes per year for 23 years, the price of lithium carbonate is set at 100,000 tonnes per year for 23 years, and the price of cobalt and nickel is reduced by 0.08 yuan/wh per year for the combined portion of the price is projected (without considering the increase in the rate).
For the non-collaborative part, we assume that the car wants to lower the price at $0.05/wh, plus the price at lithium carbonate, the battery will have a price reduction of $ 0.1-0.13/wh over 23 years, and the corresponding cost will decrease by $ 5,000-6500 according to 50 kwh single-car charge.
The annual battery is profitable and profitable. 1. Trinity is measured as follows: a positive rate increase of 0.05 per cent, based on a positive three-dollar processing fee /wh; a decrease of 0.002/wh in the cost of electrolyte (non-six-fluor) fluids; a decrease of 0.01/p in the price of diaphragms, a decrease of 0.002/wh in the battery composition; and a decrease of 250,000/tonne in the price of pvdf, a decrease of 0.005/wh in the cost of batteries.
If the vehicle is not connected, the price is $0.05/wh (including taxes), the corresponding battery bill is reduced by $0.01/wh, taking into account the reduced rate and the simultaneous integrated layout, which increases the return on investment (lithium carbonate self-supporting), and the corresponding battery sheet wh profit is expected to remain at 0.07-q3-q4.
(ii) Lithium iron: considering a good rate increase of 0.02%, iron lithium processing fees and iron phosphate drop by 5 k/tonne, yuan/wh.
A little bit of $0.01/wh uplifting space in a steady profit. Full layout and self-supply ratio of lithium carbonate, scalding and technology drops, profitability and overseas tonnes, 414 generations processed 20,000 tonnes, expected to contribute close to $6.5 billion, plus profit of $0.021/wh, with profits spread over
Material operations, investment earnings, battery components; 23 years of expected lithium carbonate from 80,000 tonnes +, 28%, new 20,000 tonnes, recovery of additional 10,000 tonnes, projected profits of close to 11 billion, plus wh profit of 0.024/wh. Ninder relies on the full layout and self-supply ratio of lithium carbonate to add scale and technology.
Decreasing, 23 years of single wh profits would be $0.08/wh, with a continuous increase in profitability and a gap with other battery plants. 2.7. Clients: Deeply tied domestic and foreign mainstream cars, 21-25 years of strong global leadership, domestic front, toc end advantage, Tesla, new drivers of car construction, joint venture companies became major guests of the Ninder era.
From the point of view of domestic loading, the first customer in Ninde in 2021 was Tesla, benefiting from the Tsla lithium phosphate version of Model3, with a Tsla auxiliary load of 13.91gwh, or 18.7%; the second was a car with 6.36gwh, or 8.6%; and the third was a pelican car with 5.49gwh, or 8.6%.
It's 7.4%; it's followed by upper steam, ideal, guitar, first gas, and so on. From 21 to 22 years, part of the Ningde era has begun to introduce two suppliers, and in order to ensure normal supply chain stability, the Ningde era has seen its share fall in part of the fleet. Under normal business logic, the vehicle seeks to secure the supply chain by two.
For example, autonomous cars have been introduced into the China-China Lithium, with a share in the era of super-Nind; Gilly cars have been introduced into Hinwanda, Mobil, New Power Small Pulmonium, China-China Lithium, 100 million latitudes, etc., and single-sourced companies such as Tesla, Ideas, National Production, etc. are also seeking new sources of information.
The Ningde era has been characterized by a decline in the share of some companies for the sake of normal supply-chain security after the level of vehicle sales has reached a certain level. There are still problems with the supply instability of second-line batteries, good product rates, and the Ningde era has seen a recovery in the share of part of the stock, and its competitiveness supports the domestic market’s 50% +.
The slow uphills, the low quality of goods, the technological leadership of the Ninder era, the significant and stable supply advantage, and the fact that Ningde's share of vehicles, such as Hiroshima and the Great Wall, has recovered since the beginning of 2022, and Ningde's share of the Volkswagen rose from 12 per cent in 2021 to 42.9 per cent in January-September 2022, and the share of vehicles installed in the Wall rose from 45 per cent to 48.8 per cent, which is further reflected in the fact that the proportion of cars installed in the Wall rose from 45 per cent to 48.8 per cent.
Deep binding of the Tesla lithium model is expected to maintain a long-term urban ratio of 80%. In February 2020, the Nender era signed an agreement with Tesla to supply lithium ion-powered batteries to Tesla between July 2020 and June 2022.
In June 2021, the two sides continued their cooperation, with the Ningde era continuing to supply Tesla between January 2022 and December 2025, and expanding the supply range to the world. The Ningde era is now serving the Tesla-type lithium car on its own, and the Ningde era has set up a modular production base in Shanghai port, bound to Tesla depth, 2022 Tesla or Bisla.
As a battery two, we expect to be primarily responsible for exporting the European base factory, considering Biadi's competition with Tesla and the power of the blade battery, which is tight, and the ability to provide for itself, and we expect Ninder to maintain the main supply position in the Tesla lithium model, with a long-term city share of 80% +.
The new power is gradually being introduced by Ninder alone, but the new power is relying on Ninder's brand advantage and new battery technology, and the Ninder's deep-knit company is expected to maintain its long-term share. The new power, represented by smallness, has low initial brand awareness, relying on the Ninder's brand advantage, and is expected to outpace 100,000 vehicles.
In order to ensure the safety of the supply chain, the big deal, but in the long run, new forces have been radical in the use of battery technology, as compared to the fact that we have been the first to try ab formation technology, semi-stabilized battery technology, ideal high-pressure fast-loading technology, etc., we still have to rely on Ninder's technical support, and we expect that Ninder's dominance in the new power market will be expected to maintain its dominant position.
The share of the joint venture, which depends on subcontracting overseas vehicles, is less cost-sensitive, and Ninder’s main supply status is expected to be maintained over the long term. The deep-seated joint venture of the Ninder era, which is the sole source of the upper gas/one-blown BMW, has been raised up to 90% of the general share of the steam, as a result of the two- to three-year validation cycle for overseas vehicles, it is not easy to replace suppliers, and Ningde costs more than overseas batteries.
The plant has a clear advantage, the company is less cost sensitive, and the main supply status is expected to be maintained over the long term. By closing the Biadi supply chain, the rest of the autonomous vehicle fleet is concentrated mainly in a class and below, with low battery performance, the battery supply chain dispersed, and the gas, the Great Wall, and Gilly are starting to grow two or three, and it is expected that the Ningde era will be divided by one.
In the future, we expect that the domestic forward share of the Ningde era will remain about 50% in the long term. We expect that the share of domestic loading in the Ningde era will remain 50% + in 2022, but as the company evolves, it will be worth two.
But considering Ninder’s own competitiveness, and the advantages of medium-to-high-end vehicle models, we expect Ninder to remain the main supplier in Tesla, the new forces, and the joint venture, considering that Biadi’s share affects the Ninder’s country to some extent.
City occupancy rates, calculated on the basis of the Biadei-high/low scenario, are expected to maintain Ninder's long-term domestic share. On the overseas side, Ninder achieved bright fixes in Europe, established domestic and European supply status, gradually increased overseas in 21-22 years, and installed speeds were clearly rapid. Ninder achieved bright fixes in Europe, fixed points.
The BMW, the general public, modernity, Daimler, etc., have a lot of flowers and a lot of orders. In 2022, the company's European plant will be operational, the European target will be further realized, the export ratio will rise further, the Ningd era will be up from 28% in 2020 to 35%, and the gap with overseas batteries will be raised to 18% left.
Right, there is a marked improvement in overseas competitiveness. 2022-2023 set the time window period for overseas car companies for the next fixed-point cycle, the Ningde era technology, capacity, the Ningde era window period for the 2025-2030 car firm, and the Ningde era high nickel/lithium +ctp layout leads overseas, sodium
New technologies, such as batteries, manganese and lithium, have opened up the market even further, and Ninder is a leader in integrated layouts, relying on the cost of a home-grown supply chain.
We expect Ninder's share of battery supply to the public at home/oversea market to be 100/20% in 21 years. In 2021, the number of electric vehicles sold abroad reached 360,000, we expect the demand for batteries to reach 18gwh, and we expect Ninder's share in China to remain at 80% + and Europe's share to 30% + over the long term.
Twenty-five years of Ningde ' s share increase is expected to rise to 50% + and battery output demand to 43gwh. We expect the public to sell 1.39 million cars overseas in 25 years, and as the Ningde overseas strategy moves forward, we expect the Ningde ' s share of mass supply chains to rise to 50% in 21-25 years, and the Ningde ' s demand for goods in 25 years is 43gwh, 21-25 years.
Ninder was the sole supplier of the BMW, and went beyond the three stars overseas to become the global main supplier: Ningde and Sam were early partners in the BMW Power Pool, and the three stars were always the main supplier abroad. In November of 1919, BMW and Catl increased their 18-year orders from Euro4 billion to Euro7.3 billion (approximately $57 billion), the supply of which was extended to 2031.
Ma China buys 2.8 billion euros, BMW buys 4.5 billion euros. Ninder gets more than three stars.
As the Ningde overseas strategy moves forward, we expect the Ningde share of the BMW supply chain to rise gradually to 65% in 21-25 years, the Nindian demand for goods reached 34gwh in 25 years, and stellentis is a major pre-Ningde European client with long-term targeting. Psa benefited from the blast in 2020.
In the long run, France wants to produce its own batteries, combine its home company, the saft layout lithium battery, which is planned to be produced in 23 years. But the overall material system, the technology system, the process accumulation, and the battery cost control are limited.
We expect Ningde’s share of supply to remain 60-70%, and Ningde is expected to get psa’s global battery order for 20/21/25, about 4/13/51gwh, respectively. Automobile sales abroad amount to 1.68 million, and as the Ningde overseas strategy moves forward, we expect the Ningde era to be 21-25 years.
The share of the supply chain in stellentis will be reduced to 65%, with demand for goods reaching 51gwhh in 25 years of the Ningde era, and 42% in 21-25 years of cagr.
Gmp made a second-car order, which began supply in 23 years, with this share sub-contracting in excess of lg, with Ninder ' s share of battery supply in the modern domestic/Overseas market in 21 per cent.8 per cent. In 2021, 310,000 electric vehicles were sold overseas in modern Kia, and we expect overseas battery loads to reach 1.2gwh, of which lg, sk, Ningde-era supply score.
Not 49 per cent, 43 per cent, and 8 per cent. 1.9 million electric cars are sold overseas in Daijia, and as the Ningde overseas strategy moves forward, we expect that in 21-25 years, Ningde's share of the modern Keeja supply chain will gradually rise to 17 per cent, and Ningde's demand will be met in 25 years.
12.3gwh, 78% capr in 21-25 years. U.S. market suppliers are now mostly based on Japanese-Korean battery plants, and mainstream cars are jointly owned, with deep bindings of two to three years of battery capacity.
The company plans to build six battery production bases in the United States by 2025, exceeding 200gwhh in the total power cell capacity of North America, with assets exceeding 160gwh; and a three-star sdi and stellentis joint venture in the United States.
Ninder has started a layout in the US, reaping part of his small client orders, and the mainstream car company is expected to break through its 2025 fixed-point cycle. American car companies rely too heavily on Japanese and Korean battery companies, and demand for low-cost, high-quality, stable supply chains is strong, and Ninder enters.
It is in the interests of American car companies to enter the North American market. Ninder has been working with overseas car companies on forward cooperation, establishing a four-year supply agreement with the United States commercial electric car manufacturer elms in 2020.
The annual electric car sales are 110,000 (six thousand pure), while Ford planned to produce 600,000 in 2023 and 2026 in 150,000. As Ninder moves through North American customers, we expect the company to get a 20% share of the North American market in 2025.
In 23 years, the domestic power share is expected to remain at 45-48%, corresponding to nearly 255gwhh.
Since 2017, the company’s share of domestic loading has risen rapidly to 50% +, 142gwh, the city’s share was 48% lower than the previous year, taking into account the need for pre-positioning and stocking by the car company, the build-up of electricity and engineering operations, etc., and is expected to drive nearly 200gwh in Germany’s domestic market in 22 years.
Autonomous brands such as Yadi have grown faster, with a slight decline in market share in Ning Germany to 45-48%, corresponding to the projected volume of shipments. Ningde's overseas exports in 22 years are expected to be 60gwh, Europe's major increase in contribution, rising to 25% +, and 23 years are projected to increase overseas exports by 40% to 80gwh +. Ningde's overseas loadings were over 40gwh (sne, qualifying broker) in January-November 22 years.
In Europe, where the main market is Europe, we expect European shipments to reach 35-40gwh in 22 years, a 25-30% share for BMW, psa, and important suppliers such as the general public, modern and Daimler. Foreign markets are expected to grow by 40% in 23 years.
80gwh+, with the share of the European market rising further to 30-35%. The ira bill is currently in the game, with rules in March 23rd, and would be able to enter the United States market if it did. At the same time, Ning, the Japanese Battery Company, which leads the Middle East, is more than 80gwh, but Ninder would have been successful if he had entered the United States market.
It is clear that a breakthrough is expected in 24 years, with a 25-year release of 15-20 per cent, corresponding to 70-90gwh. 23 years, Ninder’s global delivery of 350gwh, global share 37 per cent + 24-25 years, long-term United States market breakthrough, long-term global share of 35 per cent + + . 23 years, Ninder’s power cell output of 350gwh is expected to increase by 40 per cent + global share maintained.
In the case of European and other regional markets, 30% are expected to remain at around 35%. In the longer term, we expect the domestic market to remain at 45% + and Europe is expected to continue at about 35%.
3. Storage capacity: demand surges into second-growth poles, steady growth in material operations 3.1. Industries: rising share of renewable energy generation, global demand for storage capacity eruptions in three major markets in Central and Eastern Europe, and the prospect of gold development.
Global storage cores lead the Chinese suppliers, and the Ninder era is the world's largest. At the end of the supply, storage is a newcomer, the channel is a king. The core pattern is more concentrated, Ninder's number one worldwide, and Biadi billion is able to wait for it to grow at a very high rate. According to our calculations, we expect global lithium storage batteries to reach 330 gwh in 23 years.
We expect the storage industry to need about 270 gwh over 23 years, the industry to maintain a tight balance, and the storage of batteries to test the large-scale production capacity, safety performance, life cycle, etc., 3.2. Technology: system-wide long-cycle life, capping the manufacturing process.
In terms of products, integrated systems such as eerc/one, which are mainly used for 280ah cores outside the Ningde era, are supported by: 1) 280ah lithium cores, which are the main product of the Ningde era and can be recycled up to 8,000 times, using very long-lived technologies, including low lithium yang, passivated cathode, imitation of electrolytic fluids, microstructure design of polar fragments, and self-adaptation management.
In addition to life-cycle compensation, which has the advantage of high volume energy density, good safety and low cost; 2) enerone storage system launched in 20 years, based on long-lived core + liquid cold ctp+ modularization, with a life cycle of 12,000, with a temperature range of up to 3 °C (5-8 °C), with a 35 per cent reduction in land area, compatible with 600-600-
Reversers between 1500v can be used in applications ranging from business to large storage capacity. By the end of 21, énerone had been sold to more than 25 countries worldwide, with a cumulative volume of more than 11 gwh; 3) enerc is a containerized liquid cold energy product with an ip55 protection level and a c5 preservative level that can be adapted to a variety of extreme weather events and meet system-wide requirements
20 years of safe and reliable operation. With high-integrated liquid cold systems, energy density can reach 259.7kwh/m2, nearly twice as high as conventional wind cold systems.
Long-lived technologies, including low lithium yang, passivated cathode, imitation of electrolytic fluids, polar microstructure design, inflated subcycles, and industrial application of life-cycle lithium ion compensation technology in storage energy. In manufacturing, single-body safety inefficiencies are extremely low, and the limit of manufacturing is the king of the manufacturing process.
One in a million, the Ninder era, using techniques such as advanced analysis of artificial intelligence, margin computing and cloud computing, accelerated battery production, reduced fault rates, and increased labour productivity by 75 per cent and energy consumption by 10 per cent.
With regard to new technologies, the Ningde era released the first generation of sodium ion cells in July 21 with high energy density (the highest in the world with a core density of 160wh/kg), super fast charge (80% charge for 15 minutes), low-temperature performance (90% discharge retention rate for minus 20°C), high integration (over 80% system integration efficiency) and high safety (supernational power cells)
Safety requirements) characteristics with a low-temperature performance and a fast charge better than lfp batteries, with an energy density slightly less than lfp cells; a aab battery solution (sodium, lithium ion batteries integrated into a system) and controlled with bms; the energy density of the next sodium ion cell reaching 200wh/kg; planned to form a basic industrial chain in 2023.
3.3. Clients: Deep deployment of the industrial chain, combined efforts to open the market The deep storage of the industrial chain in the Ningde era through technical cooperation, joint ventures, strategic entry stock, etc. 1) Large storage: 40 gwh expected to be delivered in 22 years, mainly through joint ventures, bidding.
Domestic electricity grids, national energy conglomerates, national electricity inputs, Chinese electricity in China, tri-gorge groups, Chinese energy companies with capacity to build, etc., have entered into strategic cooperation; overseas, with the top 10 international banks, such as neotera, Fluence, wartsila, Tesla and Powin, they need deep business cooperation from their clients, and deep-seated industrial chains.
At the same time, the company, in a joint venture with the atl, created the ptl main attacker storage capacity, which brings together the advantages of both sides, and is expected to achieve active participation in the domestic large-stock bidding, winning major projects such as the Southern grid, which is highly recognized in the large storage core market. The public department actively participates in the domestic large-stock bidding, winning major projects such as the Southern grid, and is fully involved in the generation/grid/use of power.
Side storage project. 1) Power generation side storage: December 18, 18, the largest power generation side chemical storage project in the country, and the phosphate lithium cell storage facility project of 50mw/100mwh at the national power storage station demonstration project, which is well connected to the grid, uses the Ninder-era lithium phosphate core; 2) grid side storage: January 20, 20, the largest power grid side station in the country.
Lithium battery storage power station, a pilot demonstration project for 100 mwh class storage power plant in Fujianjiang, successfully integrated by the Ninder era system responsible for the entire storage system (cell system +pcs+ems); 3) side storage power: the Zhang Hari Hari Shoe cement 8mw/32mwh storage energy project uses containers to use the Ninder-era core; and research and development production in the Ninder era, April 20
The 48100 telecommunications power supply was successfully passed through the most authoritative Chinese Telelaborator in the field of domestic communications. 3.4. Outwards: storage power batteries are growing exponentially, becoming the second growing pole where the company is expected to deliver 55gwh in 22 years, and is expected to increase further to 100gwh in 23 years, becoming the second growing pole.
We expect to deliver 55gwh (household 5gwh, large domestic reserve 10gwh, large overseas reserve 40gwh), compared to the same period (10gwh), with a global city share rising to 38%+. Six months of price hikes in raw materials, resulting in higher costs, and a reduction in storage capacity to 6%, followed by new projects in the second half of the year.
4. Lithium electric materials and other operations 4.1. Lithium electric materials operations: revenue and profits continue to increase at about 12 per cent
Lithium electric material operations are carried out mainly through Guangdong Bump, the main pre-displacement drive and the positive end link, and the 21-year start-up of the company ' s Indo-Ni Nickel project. The company is expanding its production capacity rapidly, mainly through Guangdong Bamphung and related materials. The 21-year pre-empowerment capacity is about 80,000 tons, with a total of 280,000 tons of new production capacity planned in Foding and Yvonne, and a total of 280,000 tons of new capacity planned in Bump.
With the release of additional capacity, we expect that the company’s lithium electricity operations will continue to grow.
The main operation was the pre-Thirty dollar drive, which produced 6.70 million tons 21 years ago, with 11% of the country’s cities, and increased capacity and speed. Bump’s active pre-Thirty dollar drive, which produced 6.70 million tons 21 years ago, an increase of 48% compared to the previous, with full capacity, and currently with 80,000 tons of pre-Thirty drive capacity at the Hunan base, is expected to expand to 100,000 tons by the end of the year; Fodeng base.
Ten thousand tons are expected to start production by the end of the 23rd century. We expect the company to have a total capacity of 1521/260 million by the end of the 22nd-24th century. We expect the company to have a capacity of 12.21 million tons by the end of the 22rd year, with an effective capacity of 5.12 million by the end of the 22rd century.
Longitudinal nickel smelting capacity, 22 years of operation into harvest: as early as April 2018, the Ninder era passed the Canadian-era-shared North American nickel project, with a 25.38% share. September 2018, by holding a large number of subsidiaries.
East Bump, in conjunction with Green States, Green Hills Holdings, Mip Indonesia, Sakayama Japan, and the Xingxing Industries Association, is building a project in Indonesia for the production of batteries-grade nickel chemicals in the red earth nickel mine, designed to produce 50,000 tons of nickel/year, equivalent to 0.5 million tons of metal equivalent nickel metal. In October 2019, the company’s fully-owned subsidiary, the Blue Sky Metals Project, started operating with 300,000 tons of nickel or iron, equivalent to 36,000 tons.
Tons of nickel equivalent metals, which began operating in 2021, are contributing to the company’s profits. In January, the company held 20% of Indonesia’s Ladaba Industrial Park, which has world-class nickel resources in the red earth, with a nickel equivalent of about 9.3 million tons. We expect the company’s revenues from the distribution of resources such as nickel and iron to be gradually realized, with the company’s nickel-related operations in lithium-electric materials.
In cooperation with Lake North, the horizontal phosphate iron, phosphate lithium and cobalt-acid lithium operations are expected to begin at the Lake North Yichang base.23 The project to develop an annual production of 360,000 tons of iron phosphate, 220,000 tons of lithium phosphate and 40,000 tons of lithium cobalt-acid materials is planned for construction and is expected to be launched in 2023, and we expect to do so in 23 years.
The production of iron phosphate has a capacity of 120,000 tons, lithium phosphate has a capacity of 100,000 tons, and lithium cobalt has a capacity of 10,000 tons, all of which are planned for production in 2027. The upgrading of the production capacity of iron phosphate and lithium phosphate has contributed to Ninder's supply, and the addition of lithium cobalt acid has contributed to the company's broadening of its operational boundaries and enriching its product categories. We expect that the operations of lithium electric materials will benefit from these operations.
With a capacity of 120,000 tons per year, 51% per cent of the country's total recycling of used and end-of-life batteries is domestic, 17.27 million tons of nickel and cobalt, and 15.22 million tons of effective production in the long term.
Power cell decommissioning is gradually reaching its peak, and recovery operations are building an integrated whole industry chain layout. Lithium batteries are generally used for 5-8 years and have an active life of 4-6 years. According to this standard, starting in 2021, the country will be experiencing the first power battery decommissioning peak, with a million-volume annual growth in the number of decommissioned batteries after 2025.
The company ' s vast recycling capacity, which allows large-scale disposal of decommissioned batteries to obtain low-cost raw materials, is expected to be reduced by 4.2. Other operations: R & D revenue is the main force, high profitability reflects core strength, and other business development continues to increase at $9.8 billion in 21 years, compared to +77 per cent, and Māori $6.4 billion, compared to the ratio.
The company ' s other business income is expected to be largely stable. The company ' s technology licensing agreements with atl, Modern Mobis, arunplus since 2021 reflect the firm ' s strong technological power. In April 2021, the company entered into a cross-technology licensing agreement with atl, during which it worked every year.
With $150 million paid to Catl, valid for 10 years, the company has since signed technical licensing agreements with modern Mobis, arunplus, and global technology exports reflect the firm ' s strong technological advantages and strengths, and we expect other industries to continue their upward trend.
Accounting is prudent, discounts, security premiums and future anti-breeding profits are carefully planned, watch profits are undervalued, companies adopt strict accounting and cost rules, and watch profit is undervalued. q2 years of net corporate activity begins in 18 years.
Cash flows have always been much larger than net profits, and the firm as a whole has been perceived as using a more stringent depreciation amortization, a crediting system, a severe compression of profits, and an underestimation of profit patterns. Specifically: 1) The depreciation age: equipment is depreciated at an accelerated rate of 5 years, while the country ' s 21-year deferred income tax assets and costs have increased significantly, with 21-year deferred earnings amounting to $12.1 billion.
5.1.1 Depreciation: After a substantial period of consolidation, depreciation is reduced each year and profits are released Domestic comparisons: 19 years of accelerated equipment depreciation in the Ningde era, with an average cost increase of nearly 200 million per quarter, reducing the Maori rate for that year by 2 percentage points; annual depreciation is reduced from 20 years to 5 years of depreciation for equipment, which is still well below that of domestic counterparts
For battery production, depreciation usually amounts to 8-10% of the cost, and for the G-8-10 years, the Māori rate is now about 3-4 ptc. Overseas comparison: depreciation of equipment in the Ningde era is more aggressive than overseas. lg chemical equipment has been depreciated for 12-13 years left.
Right (principal operations petrochemical equipment depreciation averages 8-14 years); three-star sdi equipment depreciation is 8-9 years, of which semiconductor material equipment depreciation averages 6-10 years, so the depreciation of lithium electrical equipment is also determined to be approximately 8-9 years.
The German-era premium rate was controlled at 5% until 16 years, strict control at around 3% in 16-20, increased overall costs for 21 years, and the company remains cautious in its accounting treatment based on a strict 3% raise. The normal power battery period is 5-8 years, and after the expiration of the warranty period, the profits are expected to recover, and the company power cells began to run from 17 to 18 years.
Other domestic and foreign peer-to-peer deposits have increased steadily in recent years at a level of 1-2%, lig and tristarsdi. The actual premium in the Nender era (taking into account the cost of sales) is much higher than the actual cost of after-sales services in the current period, and after-sales services in the last five years represent only 0.1% to 0.5% of the revenue from battery operations, followed by the cost of sales.
The company, prepared for rolling stock impairments based on stock age, will run back after stock sales, 21 years of stock deductions, 22 years of h1 stock collapses, as a percentage of the closing balance, more prudent accounting treatment than domestic counterparts, and 22 years of h1 accounting for stock impairments, affecting a quarter of profits, and then sales.
Taking into account the rapid rise in raw material prices, company h1 still accounts for the loss of inventory prices. Referring to the previous period’s rates of withdrawal, we expect stock prices to fall by around $1 billion, accounting prudence affecting a quarter’s profits, but going back after the product is sold.
It is obvious that the principal means of financing the sale of the return profit, the guarantee, the provision for impairment of assets, depreciation, etc., are more adequate. Government grants related to proceeds to compensate incurred associated costs or losses are accounted for in the current period, while those used to compensate for related costs or losses in subsequent periods are accounted for in deferred income and are accounted for in the related cost or loss.
The Division's inventory was $79.25 billion, representing an increase of 96.58 per cent from the beginning of the year. This included an increase in goods in transit due to the growth of overseas shipments. Cash flows from operating 22q3 decreased in the same year, and cash outflows from investing activities increased significantly.
Net cash flows amounted to $25,968 million, a decrease of 9.48 per cent in the same year, mainly due to higher prices of upstream raw materials, which led to an increase in corporate funds to enhance supply chain security; net cash outflows from investment activities amounted to $43,662 million, an increase of 19 per cent in the same year, mainly as a result of the company ' s continued expansion of productive capacity and an increase in capital for capacity-building.
The company accelerated its expansion, capital expenditure and capital assets rose significantly at the end of the period. q3 capital expenditure amounted to $35.7 billion in 22 years, an increase of 16 per cent in the same year, construction work of $38.8 billion, an increase of 25 per cent at the beginning of the year, and fixed assets of $62.2 billion at the end of the period, which was exceedingly competitive up and down.
Annual accounts payable, accounts payable, total contractual liabilities of $118.73 billion, or 55.2 per cent of total liabilities, show that companies have sufficient upstream/downstream synergies and more funds are occupied without charge. Accounts receivable (prepaid), Ninder totalling $31.68 billion, or 10.3 per cent of total assets, are controlled, and show strong supply chain management by companies.
Core assumptions: A rapid increase in overseas shares, storage leading to global eruption trends, reduced prices for raw materials + integrated production capacity Over 300gwhh per year for batteries, with power/store output of 247/55gwh, net profit of 0.06/wh, battery pool net profit of 17.4 billion yuan; nearly 450gwh in 23 years for batteries, with power/store output of 347/102gwh, unit
Net profit 0.07+ yuan/wh, combined net profit on batteries = $33.3 billion; we expect batteries to deliver 951gwh over 25 years, which have the same power and power as the Ningde business structure, so we have selected the three companies mentioned above as comparable companies with an average industry valuation level of 23 x in 2023. Considering that the company is the global battery tap,
Price competition is expected: 18 years to date, the market for new energy cars has expanded rapidly, and the market has become more competitive. Power batteries, as one of the core components of new energy cars, attract a large number of investors through industrial transformation, acquisitions and mergers.
The price of raw materials is unstable, affecting profit margins: the cost of raw materials is higher than the overall cost and the price of raw materials is higher.
The volatility of the grids will have a direct impact on the level of Maori in each section. Investment is declining: the portfolio is starting to slow down, and there is a direct impact on industry development and core technology breakthroughs.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board