The results match expectations. Lithium taps testify against the king on the 11th of 2023. \triangleright. \triangleright \
q4 is more than expected. Revenue and net profit: Company 2022q4 collects $11,254 million, and, on the same scale, the company q4 power system has a Māori rate of about 19% and 2pcts, with a Māori storage rate of about 27%.
The main reasons for the increase in corporate profitability over 11 pcts compared to the same increase are: the result of a scale effect; the profit release resulting from a price adjustment mechanism; the continuing breakthrough in city occupancy and the consolidation of global excellence; and, in terms of volume of goods, the company's 22-year-long realization of lithium.
\triangleright Research Assistant Lee Hyo Peng, batteries sold at 289gwh, 116.6% more than the same year, with 242gwh, power cells increasing at the same speed.
Global cities accounted for 37%, 4pcts higher than the same year, 43.4% of the global market for storage systems, 5.1pcts higher than the same year, with a strong global flagship. Production capacity continued to be coded and globalized.
152gwh, coupled with the continuous upgrading of the company's productive capacity, the domestic side, the base rhythms of Foding, Cha Bay, Yichun, Guizhou Research Assistant, and the addition of new bases such as Xiamen, Luoyang and Zinning, the overseas side, Germany.
The Turingen plant has achieved battery module and core production, and the Hungarian second stage has announced construction, planned production capacity, intensive deployment of new technologies, and thickening of core barriers. The company has invested 15.51 billion yuan in 22 years of research and development, equal to the increase in sodium ion batteries, which are expected to be produced this year.
1. The three-quarter reporting points of the Ninde era (300,750.sz) in 2022 passed 72% and are expected to yield volumes this year. m3p Battery: Effectively improves the competitiveness of the company ' s phosphate system by balancing mileage and cost advantages.
2. Half-yearly edition of the Ningde era (300,750.sz) 2022: Remediation of profitability, expansion of capacity + technological innovation
The daily equivalent valuation is 22, 16 and 12 times, and given the firm position of the corporate industry and the significant growth in storage operations, 4. Ningde Times (300,750.sz) 2021 Annual Report Review: New technologies release hard core barriers and maintain a “recommended” rating.
On 9 March 2022, the company released its annual report for 2021, which generated $328,594 million throughout the year. On the same quarterly basis, the overall profitability ring of q4 exceeded expectations.
q4 Profiency Ring upswing is more than expected, and we measure the company ' s q4 power system ' s Māori rate at about 19%, 2pcts higher than 2pcts higher than 2pcts higher than 2pcts higher than 11pcts higher than in the same year, and the company ' s profitability ring increased mainly because of the cost amortization resulting from the scale effect; and 2 profit margins resulting from the previous price adjustment mechanism.
In 2022, the company achieved a yearly sales of 289gwh of lithium batteries, an increase of 116.6 per cent over the year, with the power cell 242gwh, an increase of 107.1 per cent over the year, and the storage system 47gwh, an increase of 181 per cent over the quarter.
In 2022, the company q4 delivered about 100gwhh, of which the power cell system was about 83gwh, ringbit, power cell end, according to sneresearch data, with a global battery load of 498gwhh in 2022, with a global load of 185gwh, 37%, and four pcts, 6 consecutive years higher than last year.
On the overseas side, the company has multi-layered large offshore customers: 1; a global strategy with Ford covering power cell supply in North America, Europe, and China; 2; enhanced strategic cooperation with Honda to cover areas such as co-development, stabilization of supply, recycling, etc.; 3 and a matrix supply framework with BMW.
The agreement continues to deepen the long-term partnership between the two sides;4 joint efforts with companies such as Daiwa, Japan, and Vinfast, Viet Nam, to contribute to the electric transition in South-East Asia, such as Japan and Viet Nam. On the domestic front, companies consolidated their strategic customers: 1, a long-term strategic cooperation agreement was signed with the Chili flag ' s polar kryptonite vehicle, leading to the launch of the thorium battery;2 and the thiram.
A five-year comprehensive strategic cooperation agreement involving new brands, new projects, and full cooperation in the new market. The storage battery end, according to Sneresearch, has a global stock of 142.7gwh in 22 years, with a 43.4% share of companies and an increase of 5.1 pcts compared to the previous year, ranking first in the world for two consecutive years.
Products are widely used in large-scale global energy storage projects: 1 for United States utilities and distributed photovoltaic storage, exclusive supply of the largest photovoltaic storage energy project in the United States by primmergysolar, 2 for the Italian National Electricity Company, Enel, exclusive supply of the Italian maximum energy storage project portfolio, 3 for the developers of large clean energy projects, and so on.
and independent power producers nextera, broadreachpower, jupiterpower, neoen, etc. can provide a leading liquid cooling programme in the industry;4 cooperation agreements with United States storage technology platform and solution provider flexgen to deepen two-way partnerships;5 and a new UK energy investor, gresham
Figure 3: Share of global power batteries installed in 2022. According to the announcement, the company ' s battery capacity was 390gwh, and its capacity was 152gwh.
Continuing upgrading, domestic, base rhythms such as Foding, Car Bay, Yichun, Guizhou, and new base layouts such as Xiamen, Loyang and Zinning, new base planning capacity over 150 gwh, overseas, company Tu Lingen, Germany, cell module and core production, Hungarian Phase II plant announced construction, planned capacity
100gwh. We predict that by the end of the 23rd year the company could produce 580gwh, and that by 25 years the company has planned to produce about 850gwh, which can effectively support the company ' s delivery targets. 4 New technologies are intensive and add to the core barriers.
The company attaches great importance to R & D inputs, which in 2022 amounted to R & D costs of 15,510 million yuan, a year-on-year increase in R & D costs (million yuan).
Uranium Battery: During the reporting period, the company released a third generation of ctp-Annitro battery, with a complete system integration, a new high of the ball, a 72 per cent volume utilization rate, and a complete increase in continued, fast, safe, lifetime, efficiency and low temperature performance, which was rated the best invention in the Times weekly in 2022, and was awarded the Ultimate Kryptonian flag.
A long-term strategic cooperation agreement has been signed to bring about the release of new products. Sodium ion batteries: the company has released the first generation of sodium ion batteries, and we expect to achieve production volumes this year in the areas of four-wheeled vehicles, storage energy, etc.
m3p Battery: We expect to achieve volume production this year by effectively increasing the competitiveness of the company ' s phosphate system, taking into account the mileage and cost advantages of the voyage.
1) Price volatility of raw materials and supply risk: If there are shortages in the supply of primary raw materials, large price increases, or if internal procurement management measures are not effectively implemented, this may result in companies not being able to procure the raw materials or higher procurement prices needed for production in a timely manner, thereby adversely affecting their production operations.
2) The demand for the new car market falls short of expectations: if future market demand falls short of expectations, the market may present structural and phased excess capacity. As one of the global lithium poles, downstream market demand will have a greater impact on the performance of the company’s operations if it falls short of expectations.
3) Exchange rate fluctuations, foreign market-specific risks such as international policy changes: if the company ' s overseas earnings are higher than expected, or if international policy changes result in lower overseas earnings of the company, the study will draw conclusions on the methodological and analytical logic of the company ' s business performance, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.