2022: Visible recovery of the q4 battery ' s Māori rate, Nguyen Xiaoyan, 10.03.2023
q4 performance is in the middle of the forecast, slightly better than market expectations overall. The company achieved 22 years of revenue – 289 gwh, q4 out of 100 gwh throughout the year, and the Māori rate rose significantly over-expected. Ninder delivered 289gwh, an increase of 117%, q4 close to 100gwh, 15% + 23 years.
Single whh profits rise to 0.11. Twenty-three years of company superlines are expected to significantly increase production efficiency, de-escalate storage capacity, and return to about 25% of the q4 Māori ratio. Storage can deliver 47gwhh year-round, an increase of 181%, and the global market is 43%, with q4 out of 17gwh in 23 years.
▪ Additional battery mineral resource operations, materials operations and other operations followed the growth of the main business. The Department’s new battery mineral resource business contributed $100 million over 22 years, taking into account the start-up of lithium resources for 23 years, and is expected to contribute $2.5 billion; the battery material business is expected to contribute $2.8 billion; and others
The business Māori rate is 74%, contributing $9.7 billion, and is expected to follow the robust growth of the main business operations in 23 years. q4 statements are of high quality, cash flows have increased significantly, and inventory management is robust.
The company’s stock of 70gwh at year’s end is expected to include an excellent emulation of power reserves leading to a commodity of about 30gwh, maintaining a reasonable level of stock and sound inventory management.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: Increased competition in the industry, and we're going to renovate 23-24, and we're going to renovate 23-24.
Performance forecast: q4 performed better than the market, and expected a rapid increase in the share of overseas municipalities compared to -1.7 pt, an increase of 1.07 pt, and a marked recovery in the Māori rate of q4 batteries.
2. Sub-operations: Motivated Māori increases are evident, with storage upswing growth RMB 23.6 billion, an increase of 159 per cent, a decrease of 72 per cent, a decrease of 17 per cent, a decrease of 5 pct, a rise of 230 per cent, a rise of 14 per cent, and a decrease in the Māori ratio.
8% Māori, 21% Māori, a decrease of 2 pct from the same year; battery mineral resource operations, $4.51 billion from the same year, an increase of 116%, Māori 12% from the same year, a decrease of 23 pct from the same year. 22H2 power cell system operations, $157.5 billion from the same year, Māori 18% from the same year, a decrease of 3 pct from the same year, an increase of 3 pct from the same year; and storage energy operations, $32.24 billion from the same year and Māori 21% from the same year.
2.1. Power cell operations maintain 40% + growth. Ninder’s q4 output in 22 years is close to 105gwhh, 100gwh, 15 + %.
80gwh+, same ring + 60%/+21%. Company 22 batteries delivered 289gwh a year, an increase of 117%, of which the field is expected to move. 23 years of company super-lines are expected to significantly improve production efficiency, reduce costs, and integrated layouts are beginning to contribute 192gwh, of which q4 is up to 67gwh, and the market rate continues to rise according to sne.
The caliber, the 22-year global loading in Ningde, was 192gwh, a significant increase of 93 per cent in the same year, with 37 per cent in the global market, compared to +5pc, where q4 companies installed 67gwh, the same ring ratio + 74 per cent/+32 per cent, and global markets accounted for 38 per cent.
The share was 22 per cent (28 per cent in the United States), with q4 overseas installed 17gwh, the same ring ratio +243 per cent/+49 per cent, and the city's 23 per cent. We expect Ninder's global share to remain at around 35 per cent in 23 years, with companies expected to achieve 40 per cent in the power and battery sectors in the long run.
Figure 6: Global battery load (sne caliber, gwh) Figure 7: Global battery load (sne caliber, gwh) 22 years q4 domestic loading 46gwh, 27% ring increase, 51% city increase.
Qualified caliber 142.0gwh), 22 years of domestic loading (including the gas of the time, the gas of the day, the gas of the day, the gas of the day, the gas of the company) 132gwhh, an increase of 82 per cent, a 50.6 per cent increase, a reduction of 0.01 pct, a deduction of 66.8 per cent and a 2.96 per cent rise), 22 years of which q4 loads 46gwh, a 27 per cent increase in the ring, demand recovery and a 51 per cent increase in the market.
For example, Tesla’s share of large mainstream clients is maintained. From the point of view of domestic loading, Ningde’s largest client remained Tesla in 22 years, with a set of 22.58gwh, representing 17.97 per cent of Ningde and 0.77 pct;
The number of large clients turned into Jili cars, with a significant increase in the ratio, with 13.07gwh, with 10.40% of Ninder, with a 5.75pcc; The third largest customer, with 8.65gwh, with a 6.89% ratio, with 1.67 pct, followed by wide, upper, ideal, long, and so on. The firm maintains an absolute advantage over downstream customers, with Tesla installed for 22 years.
The proportion rose to 81.6 per cent, with an increase of 11.9 per cent for new power cars, while the share of new energy sources in the United States rose to 66.8 per cent, with a corresponding increase of 16.9 per cent for pelicans, to 22 per cent, and a corresponding decrease of 58.9 per cent for petty cars, to 3.6 per cent, and 45.5 per cent; and the share of autonomous cars, with a still good profit (82.3 per cent, compared with 4 per cent), and upwards (of 4 per cent)
By 98.3 per cent and 5.3 per cent, the share of the car owners increased significantly to 43.1 per cent, and 29.7 per cent; joint ventures, for example, for the general public, the general public, the BMW, and others, for the company toc end advantage, figure 9: The customer structure of the Ninder era.
The expansion of production capacity accelerated in the Ninder era, and we expect to deliver more than 410 gwh in 23 years, maintaining 40% + growth in the same year, close to 600 gwh by the end of the year. With the release of new capacity, we expect to deliver 410 gwh in 2023, leading the country's second line and offshore battery plants, fully meeting the demand for firm hand orders, which will support the company's follow-up.
Ninder’s own mine costs are well below 200,000, and if the “Lithium Mine Return” scheme is implemented, it is expected to have a smaller profit level for the company, lock in the core share of the major customers, and the city’s share is more certain. On February 17, the market spreads the Ninder era into cars.
In the next three years, the price of lithium carbonate in some of the power cells of the Ninder era will be set at 200,000 tons, and the company that signed the partnership will need to commit about 80% of the quantity of batteries to the Ningde era. We believe that Ningde is going to be able to make a larger return of lithium carbonate.
In order to lock in the long-term shares of core strategic clients, it is expected that there will be stringent requirements for shares, advances, deliveries, annual reductions, etc., and that the low-cost lithium carbonate ratio has not yet been finalized, and that the yield component is expected to have a limited impact and can be absorbed by the downfall. We expect Ninder to be well ahead of the two or three-line battery plant at the end of the supply chain, and the share will be fully met by locking in this way.
The Ninder era’s cost-competitiveness, and market share certainty in the coming years, is expected to maintain 45-50% of Ninder’s share in the country, except for Biade’s 70-per-cent share. Working with Ford at the US factory, car companies have managed to avoid policy risks.
On February 13, Ford announced plans to invest $3.5 billion in a phosphate lithium battery plant in Michigan, the United States, which is expected to be built in 2026 with an annual capacity of about 36gwh, to supply 400,000 electric power units.
The company has previously signed a strategic cooperation agreement with Ford for the supply of phosphate lithium batteries for Mach-e from 2023, and phosphate lithium batteries for pure electric card f-150 from 2024.
The current supply of batteries in the United States market is dominated by sk and a joint venture has been set up to plan 129gwh capacity, and the Ningde era has had an absolute lead in the field of lithium, and the domestic supply chain and production management levels have had significant advantages, leading to a major breakthrough in the North American market, highlighting global competitiveness.
The US market penetration rate is low and is expected to increase continuously in the future, and Japanese and Korean manufacturers are unable to meet demand, and there is an urgent need to introduce a domestic battery plant. We measure the sale of 1 million electric cars in the US in 22 years, with a penetration rate of only 7%, and an increase of 60% in 23 years, up to 350gwh+, and the current Japanese and Korean battery plant, with less than 300gwh effective production in the US for 25 years, is difficult to meet US demand.
The US car company’s need to introduce low-cost, high-quality, stable supply chains is strong, and Ningde-era technology, a cost-leading Japanese-Korean power-pooler, is expected to make a gradual breakthrough in the US in the form of home-grown construction plants, United States-backed construction, and joint ventures with car companies. The Ningde-era global market is expected to remain at 35% + its share.
There are strict localization requirements at the policy level, but Ningde's technology, cost advantages, based on Ford, Tesla's strategic cooperation, is expected to assess a variety of possible cooperative ways to enter the United States market, such as the construction of factories around the United States and joint ventures with car companies, and the mentioned full ownership model of car companies is also being evaluated, and if implemented, the Ningde era will receive technology awards.
Right fees, avoidance of policy risks and enjoyment of the American market’s dividend; 22 years of Nender’s global market share was 35 per cent +, of which 20 per cent was overseas + and was temporarily out of the United States market, 23 years of Europe’s expected further increase, and throughout the year, with long-term consideration of Ninder’s breakthrough in the United States market, which is expected to be done in the power cell sector in the Ninder’s era.
By the end of the year, we've been able to produce 10 gwh. By the end of the product, we're looking at the company's total stock and household stock. We're looking at the company's power core as the world's largest in 22 years. The company's stock is dominated by overseas markets, and its share in the United States is almost 50%.
The q4 company’s Māori storage rate is close to 25%, the ring ratio is up by 6 pct, the single whh profit is 0.16/wh, and the profitability is clear and flexible. The Ningde era has worked in depth with major North American depositors such as Newtera, Fluence, Powin, Flexgen, Primergy, and has received large orders.
On October 18, the Ninder era announced the announcement of the U.S. utility and distributed photovoltaic + storage energy development operator.
Primergy reached an agreement to supply batteries exclusively for the Gemini Photovolt + Storage Energy Project (1.416 gwh storage system, erone), which, when completed, will become one of the largest photovoltaic storage energy projects in the United States. On December 22, the Ninder era entered into a global strategic partnership with the British greshamhouse to reach a long-term supply intent agreement of nearly 7.5 gwh, which will coincide.
There is a clear competitive advantage in large storage core markets for major projects such as the Southern grid, which is the winning national reserve. Companies actively participate in large storage major projects such as the domestic large reserve bidding, the winning Southern grid, and are fully involved in power generation/grid/user-side storage projects.
1) Power generation side storage: December 18, 18, the country's largest power generation side electrical and chemical storage project, the Luen National Energy Storage Station demonstration project 50mw/100mwh, the phosphate lithium cell storage project, which was well connected to the grid, using the phosphate of the Ninder era, the lithium iron core; 2) grid side storage: January 20, the country's largest power grid side station, the lithium side station storage power station,
The pilot demonstration project for a 100 mwh class storage power plant in Fujianjiang was well-connected with the system integration (cell system +pcs+ems) of the Ningde era in charge of the entire storage system; 3) side storage capacity: 8mw/32mwh storage for the Zhang family conch cement can use containers to use the Ningde era core; and in April 20, 48100 communications were developed and produced in the Ningde era.
The product was successfully tested by the most authoritative Chinese lab in the field of domestic communications. Data, energy, energy, electricity, Tianjin, Blue Sky Solar Technology Ltd., Costa.
Jiangsu's 100 mwh class storage in Fujian Jinjiang for Heung Smart Technology Ltd.
In the Ninder era, the power technology market bound the first three dealers in North America, with an expected 5gwh in 22 years, and will be followed by the new energy masters.
The company is now the main supplier of telapowerwall storage batteries, and has introduced a new energy source to supply solaredge with storage cores, as well as using Time Costa to supply solaredge with storage cores.
On January 17, the company signed a memorandum of understanding on strategic cooperation with the global safety science expert ulsoltions to promote battery storage systems and power generation.
The pool is more securely deployed. At present, the company has acquired the ul1973 storage and power auxiliary battery standards, the ul9540 storage system and equipment standards, and the ul2580 power cell standards.wtdp recognizes the laboratory qualifications to develop a more comprehensive test validation capability for the battery storage system.
2.3. Battery materials and recycling, battery mineral resources and other operations
With the major contribution of Indonesian nickel smelting, 23 years after the start of the shipment of lithium resources, a substantial increase in revenue is expected, with a projected profit of $2.5 billion; battery material operations, with an annual increase of $26 billion, compared with 101 per cent, a Māori rate of 21 per cent and a projected contribution of $2.8 billion; and other operations, with revenue of $16.5 billion, equivalent to 68 per cent, mainly in patent authorization and waste disposal, Māori
Up to 74%, making a profit of $9.7 billion, is expected to follow steady growth in the main business in 23 years. Upstream integration has been gradually implemented, with the lithium cloud project coming into production in 23 years, increasing the share of lithium carbonate supply, and greater profitability.
The projected delivery of 40,000 tons of lithium carbonate and the projected yield capacity of 30,000 tons (including 414 mines) this year in the Ningde era are expected to be 15 per cent by comparison and, taking into account the high cost of lithium resources in the Taiwan-friendly lithium industry, the projected profits from lithium carbonate in 2022 are expected to be mainly from recovery; 3.q4 statements are of good quality, cash flow is significantly improved, inventory management is robust
The cost rate has remained stable for 22 years, and policy prudence has been taken into account. In 2022, the total cost for the company period was $30,789 million, which is the same as figure 22: Detailed management cost rates for the Ningde era. The cost rate decreased by the same round q4 ratio, with financial costs contributing close to $2.8 billion in profits, representing the proceeds and remittances of fund management.
At the end of the period, the company's deferred benefits are distributed equally within the asset's useful life to account for off-the-shelf income.
As the country’s “double carbon target” moves forward and corporate capacity expands, we expect a significant increase in corporate profitability, cash flows, and capital spending on the build-up. Corporate accounts receivable in 2022 amounted to $57,967 million, compared to about 30gwh of commodities at the beginning of the year, and the stock as a whole remains at a reasonable level), with an end-of-cycle stock of $76.7 billion, of which 25.9 billion are in stock.
For 21x/15x/11x, taking into account that the company is a global battery tap, the overseas share is rapidly increasing and storage operations remain high 1) the volume of electric vehicles sold is not as high as expected: if downstream demand falls short of expectations, the volume of electric vehicles sold drops, affecting demand for batteries, thereby affecting the level of collection.
2) Price volatility of raw materials: The cost of raw materials is higher than the overall cost, and price volatility of raw materials will directly affect the level of Maori in each section and affect profit margins. 3) Competition has increased beyond expectations: 18 years to date, the market for new energy vehicles has expanded rapidly and competition has intensified.
Batteries, as one of the core components of new energy vehicles, attract a large number of investors to compete in the market through industrial transformations, acquisitions and mergers, the ability of major producers to expand rapidly, the competition in the market is intense, and the average market price is falling year by year, reducing corporate profitability.
Three major financial forecasts from the Ningde era have been approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board (CMSC) by Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd.