The reason for the report is: performance review.
On 9 March, the company disclosed that it collected $328.6 billion in its annual report for 2022, corresponding to +152 per cent, $30.7 billion in its mother ' s net profit, +93 per cent and $28.2 billion in its net profit.
The volume of power + storage energy sales has increased significantly, and the share of global cities has risen. In 2022, the volume of lithium batteries delivered was about 289gwh, compared to 117%, of which the volume of power cells was about 242gwh, compared to 107%, and the volume of storage batteries was about 47gwh, compared to 181%. According to the Sneresearch data, the global market for power cell loads was about 37% in 2022.
The same-year increase of 4 pct, with a 43% increase in the global market for storage batteries, and a 5% increase in the same-year increase. It is expected that in 2023, lithium batteries will be delivered above 430 gwh, further consolidating corporate leadership.
Returned at the end of the year with a marked improvement in the Māori rate of the power cell 2022H2 and a 3.2pc increase in the ring ratio; 2) storage energy cells: 2022H2 has improved the Māori increase in the power cell of the company due to the delay in the price of raw materials due to price fluctuations in the custom price of the storage energy project and a decrease in lithium carbonate, middle-trip materials. The battery system is subject to a fall in the cost of lithium carbonate, 2022q4 battery system.
The net profit per unit is raised to $0.08/wh. We expect to increase at a high rate as upstream resources are released, power/storage cell units are profitable, new battery materials and recovery, cell mineral resources are classified into two major operations, technology authorization and tailing sales.
Revenue of $4.51 billion, +11.1 per cent, Māori rate 12.2 per cent; new energy development, including technology authorization fees, service fees and tailings sales, will drive a green shift
2. Sodium sodium Central and Central Sea released a number of new power cores, sodium 40/70 gwh, stocks 193/29.7 billion yuan, compared to 75 per cent and 54 per cent respectively, all well below the rate of increase in the harvest; 2) Source Industry Weekly (2023/2/20-)
Continuing decline, lower inventories will effectively avoid the risk of price fluctuations in raw materials. We believe that efficient inventory management will enhance corporate profitability and make performance more certain.
Investment proposals: taking into account corporate industry excellence, rapid progress in storage and upstream resource release, projected revenue from company operations in the single quarter of 2023 (in billions of yuan) is projected to be in the single quarter of 2023, as shown in the single quarter of corporate net profit (in millions of yuan)
According to the sneresearch data, the global market for power cell loads in 2022 was about 37%, 4pt was raised in the same year, the world’s top six consecutive years, and the global market for storage batteries in 2022 was 43%, and 5pc was raised in the same year.
According to the Power Battery Union data, in 2022 the domestic market accounted for about 48% of the power battery load, a drop in the power cell end of the same year. Domestic: 1) strategic cooperation agreement with the arcium car to achieve the launch of the americium battery; 2) comprehensive five-year strategic cooperation agreement with Amer, involving full cooperation with new brands, new projects, new markets. 1) foreign: and Ford.
Global strategic cooperation covering power cell supply in North America, Europe and China; 2) cooperation with Honda's strategy to strengthen the whole spectrum of power cell development, stabilization of supply, recycling, etc.; 3) agreement with BMW on a framework agreement for the supply of cylinder batteries to continue deepening their long-term partnership; 4) cooperation with Japan, Viet Nam, and others
In South-East Asia, Japan, Viet Nam, etc., electric transitions. Storage battery ends. Abroad: 1) supply the largest photovoltaic storage energy project in the United States to the sole U.S. operator of utility and distributed photovoltaic storage energy; 2) supply the largest stock in Italy to the sole owner of the Italian national electricity company, Enel
Project portfolio, etc.) provide industry-led liquid cooling programmes for large clean energy project developers and independent power producers, nextera, broadreachpower, jupiterpower, neoen, etc.; 4) enter into cooperative agreements with the United States storage technology platform and solution provider flexgen to further deepen the two-way partnership; 5) new UK energy sources
The investor, the greshamhouse Provident Fund Inc., entered into a cooperation agreement to promote the deployment of utility-scale storage, which for the first time created a new model of business cooperation by working directly with the asset management company operating the storage capacity project.
Figure 82022 Domestic power cell loads 1.3. Corporate capacity expands rapidly, and upstream resources are actively distributed. In recent years, the company has expanded rapidly, with new Luoyang and Jinning bases in 2022, with 80 gwh in production layouts.
The company announced the construction of a second European plant in Hungary, with a capacity of 100 gwh, to further improve the global strategic layout and help accelerate the transformation of electricity and energy in Europe. The company’s lithium battery production is expected to be about 580 gwh by the end of 2023, a 40% increase from 2024/25.
The two major business classifications of new battery materials and recycling, battery mineral resources, technical authorization and tailings sales have been growing at high speeds. Twenty-two years, the company collected $26.3 billion in battery materials and recycling, compared to +94.7 per cent, Māori 21.2 per cent, and Battery Minerals 73.9 per cent.
Table 3 Upstream resource layout of the Ningde era 1.4. Corporate inventory management of products and raw materials and risk of excellent price volatility. We believe that efficient inventory management will enhance corporate profitability and make performance more certain.
Taking into account the vanguard position of the corporate sector, rapid progress in storage and upstream resource deployment, it is expected that in 2023, batteries will be shipped out of the new energy automobile industry with the risk of fluctuations in demand: the company will be exposed to a decline in business performance in the future in the face of declining demand for downstream electric vehicles, large-scale downturns in the market and cutbacks in production.
The risks are exacerbated by competition in the storage industry: future storage market development is more certain, demand for electrical and chemical storage is higher, domestic manufacturers are now deploying storage power batteries to the market, and companies will face a downside risk if they fail to expand their customers successfully. Price volatility risks of raw materials: company profitability is closely linked to the cost of raw materials, if the future raw materials appear to be significant.
There is no direct or indirect connection between the specific proposals or views expressed in this report.
Reflecting the researcher’s analysis and judgment at the time when the report was produced, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd., or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may publish other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in the report and that have different conclusions. This report may vary by factors such as time and lead to a lack of consistency with the facts. Please pay attention to the relevant follow-up studies and commentary articles issued by the company on the same subject.