During the Ninder era (300,750.sz) and the 2022 annual review, the profitability ring improved significantly in the fourth quarter, with the global battery taps firmly in place. The company achieved a net profit of $30.730 billion in 2022, slightly outperforming the median performance forecast.
The share of power cells is solid, and customers both inside and outside the country continue to develop. In 2022, the company power cell business achieved the capability ring, which is mainly based on a scale-up cost spread and a price adjustment mechanism that has increased profit. In 2022, the company ' s global power cell market reached 37.0%, compared to 4.0 pct, a leading position.
In terms of client development, the company works in full strategic partnership with BMW/Honda/Krypton/Amer to provide technical assistance and patent support to Ford’s American factory. At the same time, depending on its resource configuration and size, the company offers a return policy for downstream customers as a way to bind and deepen the partnership.
Since the company's 2022 battery storage camp, the company has been actively engaged in cost transfer and profit recovery. The company's 2022 global power power generation, The Ninder Age (300,750.sz) and the third quarter of 2022, the battery sales are fast.
Battery materials, mineral resources, and other business developments are stable and profitable. Company 2022 Electricity, The Ninder Age (300,750.sz) - Rehabilitate for profit, with a long lead-up - $26.3 billion in pool materials and recovery operations + 95% in comparison; Māori 21.2% in comparison
The Ninder Age (300,750.sz) - A strong lead, cost transfer period - 2.4 pct; battery mineral resource business revenues of $4.51 billion, i.e. + 116 per cent; Māori rate of 12.2 per cent, Ningde Age - 300,750-2021: performance forecast, drop
The Ningde Times - 30,750-2021 tri-quarters reviews: the profit ring is up, the equity stimulus is up, and +8.9 pt. The company’s three businesses are growing steadily, making significant profits on a sustained basis. Investment proposals: adjust the profit forecast, maintain the “growth” rating. Considering short-term raw material price reductions for profit.
The company ' s Māori ratio has declined slightly over the same period, mainly because of the continued increase in the price of raw materials for the 2022q1 lithium battery, which has led to a short-term decline in profitability; and to a steady recovery of profitability over the next quarter. Little change in the rate over the same period was due mainly to the firm ' s strict calculation of premiums under the Quality Assurance Agreement.
Figure 5: Māori rates for companies, changes in net interest rates
The company’s net return on investment in 2022 was $2.51 billion, compared to the high growth in power cell output, a strong global leader, and a high growth in corporate output and revenue. In 2022, the company’s power cell industry achieved a revenue of 2365.9.
The annual sale price of the company’s power cell is $0.98/wh, and the price increase is +0.2/wh, mainly for raw materials carbon, with some amortization of the cost associated with the fuel, and the profit from price adjustment mechanisms. In terms of profitability, coupled with lower prices for raw materials for cost optimization and the continued release of the resource end layout, the company’s dynamism
Battery profits are expected to remain high. Global power cell loads reached 191.6 gwh per year, with the world's largest share in the market, reaching 37.0% in the city and +4.0 ptt per year. According to the Power Battery Union, the company installed the power cell units in the country in 2022.
For its clients abroad, the company entered into a large-cylinder battery response agreement with BMW in 2022, strengthened strategic cooperation with Honda in the areas of battery development, stabilization of supply, recycling, and actively contributed to the electric transformation of the South-East Asian region.
The company will provide technical assistance and specialized support to the company, which will build a fully-fledged lithium phosphate battery plant in Michigan. The company will continue to deepen its work with its overseas clients, or will benefit from the market benefits of US policy subsidies, which are expected to be accompanied by rapid developments in overseas electricization.
On the domestic client side, companies have signed long-term strategic cooperation agreements with Chili-flagged polar kryptonite vehicles to achieve the launch of a thorium battery; and a five-year comprehensive strategic cooperation agreement with Aguirre, involving new brands, new projects, new markets, based on their own size and resource-side configurations, to propose return options for strategic customers.
On the other hand, the company has made ground-breaking progress in the Jiangxie Spring titanium-containing titanium mining project, the Sichuan Snowe hard rock lithium mining project, and the Bolivian Salt Lake operation project; on nickel resources, the company is investing in the construction of a whole-sector chain project in Indonesia, from the mining, smelting, tri-dollar materials to batteries. The company relies on its own resources.
By the end of 2022, the company was able to build 390gwhh, and by the end of 2022, the company was able to produce 390gwh.
The company is actively engaged in overseas production, the Hungarian base production plan 100 gwh, and the German base began production in early 2023, and the global production base is expected to strengthen the company's power and storage cells.
Factors such as this influence the company’s relative lag in price adjustment and the marked increase in cost, in the context of the rise in raw materials, has resulted in a significant burden on the Māori rate. Since 20203, the company has been actively engaged with downstream customers in home transfer and rapid recovery of profitability.
At a time when raw material prices continue to decline, companies are expected to remain relatively stable in terms of their profitability, based on the advantage of customer and scale effects. Companies’ market share in the global reserve battery market has increased rapidly.
In 2022, the company entered into a partnership agreement with the United States of America and with the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. The company’s high-security, long-lived products were widely used in the United States of America.
In addition, the company offers industry-led solutions for nicktra, broadreachpower, jupiterpower, neoen, etc.
In battery material and recycling, the company collected $26.3 billion in 2022, or +95 per cent in the same year; the Maori rate was 21.2 per cent, or +2.4 per cent in the same year. In battery mineral resource operations, the company collected $4.51 billion, or +8.9 per cent in the same year.
Corporate technological R & D leading industries, continuing to deepen in collaboration with upstream and downstream R & D, which is a portfolio of revenue and profitability investment proposals: adjust profit forecasts and maintain “growth” ratings, taking into account the positive effects of short-term raw material reductions on profitability and increased competition in medium- and long-term industries, we adjust profits
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject