New Accomplishment: Vitamins up, new materials up, 16 October 2024.
Research and development capabilities are the strongest moats in the country, moving from vitamins to diversity. After more than two decades of development, the company, with the vitamin industry at its core, has gradually developed four large plates of nutrients, spices, high-end new materials, raw materials, and chemical + biological + development platforms. Research and development capabilities are the firm’s most powerful moats, and companies have broken through a number of key intermediates, such as frenzier ketone, acrylol, lemon hydrazole, and have used this chain to be extremely deep and secure.
In terms of vitamins, the main suppliers at the end of the supply have stopped production, the demand-side pig cycle has gone up, the volume of exports has risen, vitamin stocks are now dissipated, the vitamin climate is expected to continue to rise, and companies are expected to benefit. In terms of amino acids, the country’s gluten market is expected to benefit.
The market penetration rate is expected to increase, domestic firms are gradually breaking out of overseas barriers, companies are establishing a joint venture with China/Pulsification to build 180,000 tonnes/year of liquid amino acid (purity) production units to be completed by the end of 24th year, the market share of the country will be further increased when all projects are completed, and the company ' s 3000 tons of boul sulfonic acid project has been completed and successive projects are expected to provide the company with an increase in performance.
The global fragrance industry has shifted to Asia and Africa, and the company’s cost advantages have helped to increase its market share. The fragrances are varied, mainly in the solar and food industries, with technology, channels, high skill barriers, and difficulties for small and medium-sized enterprises.
The new fragrance products, which continue to optimize the matrix of products, further improve market competitiveness. The new material plate, which has been in place at the same time, has accelerated the process of making high-end materials self-controllable. High-end new materials have long been monopolized abroad, and demand for these materials has continued to grow at a high rate as our cars have developed at a rapid pace, with firms representing domestic firms having gradually broken through the technology blockade in recent years.
The company now plans to approve 30,000 tonnes/year of apps production capacity, of which 22,000 tonnes/year have been sold regularly; 1,000 tonnes/year of production line; 1,000 tonnes of pa and 110 tonnes of test-drills have been successfully tested: Tianjin's subsidiary has been set up to plan new products such as diazine-hydamine-pa66, extension of the industrial chain hdi, ipda, and ipdi.
We've developed and built from vitamin taps to fine-chemist taps, we've reached the point of vitamin trafficking, the constant release of pythonic acid, the shift of the fragrance industry to Asia and Africa, and the rapid expansion of cost-benefit operations.
High-end new material technology breakthroughs, national production replacements, accelerated development of the value of investment, first, research and development shielded from vitamin taps to cutting-edge chemicals.
Zhejiang Shin and Cheng, Inc., have for many years focused on the development, production, marketing and servicing of functional chemicals such as nutrients, spices, high molecular materials.
\triangleright, one of the four Vitamin Producers. In 2002-2007, the company successfully developed key intermediates in aromatics, beta-violate ketone, lemon formaldehyde, and va, breaking their production techniques and expanding the vitamin and pharmaceutical industries; in 2008-2015, the company moved into the area of fragrance and new materials; and in 2016 to date, the company has entered the field of aromatic spices and new materials.
The development of nutrient plates, fragrance plates, new material plates and raw material plates has advanced in an orderly manner, resulting in new and characteristic industrial clusters and technology platforms, and industry platforms building on each other’s models of research and development. After more than 20 years of development, companies have developed a good mix of multi-business plates, along with a deep product matrix, which further enhances their resilience to risk.
Figure 1 Business development history, industry start-up, country-wide.
High-speed expansion Internal and external union, “Bea-Valoxone” 2004
In 2011, the foundation of the headquarters building was laid; in 2017, Shandong, the new and amino acid; in 2024, 180,000 liquid pygmy acids.
In 1999, construction of Zhejiang ' s new and ton/year installations was under way, and in 2013, Zhejiang ' s new and Sengte
The National Torch Program through Receiving and Inspection. Materials Co. Ltd., Zhejiang.
In 2018, the Shandong Base nutrition project is expected to be completed by the end of the year: pps for approval of the company's successful listing at the end of the year:
In 2002, bio-fuel development and the construction of the Heilongjiang base were launched. 30,000 tons of productive capacity, 222,000 tons are ready.
In 2005, shrimp erythrin was successfully developed, and new and joint university research on aromatic vinegar and aromatic ol passed.
Production is common; Xinjiang is currently included in the biological fermentation development of the cyanide and cylindrical cyanide, respectively.
"National Torch Plan" and "State of the Nation"
In 2020, the project to build 500,000 tons of new products in Tianjin, with a focus on new products, was launched;
In 2014, pa completed work on a pilot industrial park project, Heilongjiang Organism, 2006 Lemon aldehyde and ancillary enzyme
Launch of the fermentation project (phase I). Huaann Research: Expanding the value of investment – 1.1 Deep-cultivated vitamin industry has continued to improve the layout of diversified industries for many years.
Nutritional products are currently the company’s main business, with a high market rate and a high level of activity, and are the largest and largest producers of vitamin products in the country, with the main products being v, v, v, etc.; the main products of the fragrance plates are aromatics, lemon formaldehyde, and the main spices are on the global market, with close and stable cooperation with downstream customers; the new material plates, with the company being the only one in the country.
Enterprises that stabilize the production of fibre-grade, plaque-level, squeamish, paint-grade pps. In addition, the company continuously optimizes its product matrix in such operations as nylonpa and Xenjiang; Raw material plates, which expand the company's vitamin industry chain to expand its raw material medicine operations, including products such as caronide anhydride, nitrogen nitrous double rings, beta-breast platinum, etc.
Since its inception, the company has built four major production bases in Zhejiang, Zhechang, Hojiang, Shan Dong and Heilongjiang Zhen, of which the base is mainly concerned with the production of vd3, chromosomes, human nutrients, etc.
Production of fragrances, pine amino acids, high-end new materials, etc. is the main product of the mill: the Heilongjiang Zulization Base was set up in 2018 and officially launched in 2020, mainly in bioearing for the production of wheat sprouts, vc, vb12, auxiliary enzyme q10, and the company has since developed two core platforms, Chemical + and Biological +.
The company, which has a strong core of the existing industrial chain, is constantly strengthening its own integration advantages and increasing its profits. The company’s research – expanding the value of its investment – has developed its raw materials medicine business by expanding its product base to include hydrogen cyanide, hydrogen sulfide, and ve-sultanyl ketone.
The core technology of the aromatics, lemon formaldehyde series has long been dominated by two giants, Bassov and Tesman, Germany, self-researching the lemon formaldehyde process, starting with self-activated supercritical reaction technology, and stabilizing the production of lemons on a large scale.
Lemon formaldehyde, which connects the aromatic and aromatic chain with the lemon formaldehyde industry on a completely new route through the rectangular reaction process, is 13.4% and 16.9% lower in cost than Basve, respectively, while developing catalysts on its own, making the purity of aromatic aromatics 0.5% higher than the 98.8% in Basque.
1.2 Research and development capabilities are used as a shield for continuous progress towards platform-based companies Industrial pre-positioned research and development, which combines research and development to safeguard the company's ability to sustain innovation. Companies adhere to the concept of “demand-driven, inward-connected” research and development, with the proportion of R & D personnel growing year by year. As of 2023, the proportion of R & D staff in companies was 23.85%, including 1169 masters and 81 PhDs.
In addition, the company focuses on a combination of production and research, in close cooperation with recognized national and international institutions and institutions such as Zhejiang University, China University of Agriculture, Zhejiang Industrial University, Danish Cysbio Biotechnology, etc.
Global resources for basic scientific research, joint research in the field of chemical forward-looking and applied research.
High-end advanced equipment provides protection for the development of corporate products, and several advanced technological aids produce efficiency gains. The company’s research institute has several laboratories and the world’s most advanced equipment for the enterprise’s technological innovation core. The company is working on the conversion of equipment to large-scale, closed, continuous, automated equipment with the aim of saving energy, improving the efficiency of production, improving the quality of products, increasing the safety of production processes, reducing production costs and increasing automation levels.
Processes, companies have developed continuous response, high vacuum distillation, continuous extraction, continuous crystallization, efficient filtering, simulation of the separation of mobile beds, microchannels and microinterface responses, and a number of high-efficiency response and separation platforms, which have achieved significant results through continuous upgrading of large-scale production equipment, continuous adaptation of response, multiple relativities of air fixation, air sensitivity and thermal separation of materials. Companies are continuously engaged in research and development, with multi-year R & D costs exceeding 5 per cent over the years. As of 2024, companies have applied for patents.
642 of them, including 176 patents for inventions, 48 patents for practical new types of patents, and the supply of advanced high-end equipment will safeguard companies’ ability to innovate on a continuous basis.
The shareholders are New and Holding Group Limited, which holds 49.80% of the company ' s shares, and the company ' s actual owners are Hobbes, the founder of the company, who holds 41.75% of the new and incorporated shares; his brother Hobaki, who acts as a concerted actor, holds 4.08% of the new and incorporated shares. The company ' s senior management team has many years of experience and connections, less mobility, and a relatively stable leadership structure. On 17 July 2024, the company signed with the Tianjin Economic and Technical Development Area Management Committee.
The Investment Cooperation Agreement (ICA), which invests in the construction of the Xanax-Xediamine and nylon 66 project in the Southport of Tianjin, promotes further expansion of the company’s new materials business.
The company issued the fourth phase of its employee holding plan, which fully mobilizes the core technical cadres. The company ' s first three employee holding plans were fully completed and were implemented in November 2015, May 2018 and February 2021, respectively, and purchased 2022.76, 1186.51 and 1215.7 million shares, accounting for 1.86 per cent of the total stock at that time, 0.55 per cent and a total of 29,528,181 shares, representing 0.955.3 per cent of the company ' s current total stock, which were paid in total.
479,442,157.08 (excluding transaction costs) at an average price of approximately $16.2368 per share to complete the purchase of the stock.