Shinjiyama, chemical ingredients, new sum (002001.sz)
On December 27, 2024, the technological power base continued to break through high-value-added, high-barrel, high-capacity products and refined achievements.
New and well-developed chemical industries, with “Chemical +”, “Bio+” as the core technology platform, are leading the country in the industrialization of key intermediates such as vitamin a, e, building up leading technical strengths in vitamins, pylonic acid, spices, and apps, with significant cost advantages.
The company’s profitability is long ahead of the whole chemical block. Vitamins: supply is driving the industry up, the company gets a high return on technology. \triangleright
Market data: 26 December 2024 fully benefited from price increases. Vitamins were used mainly in the areas of feed and pharmaceuticals, with high technical barriers to vitamina, e, etc., and higher concentration in the industry.
The animal nutrient plate, the late July accident in the port of Bassov Ludwig, boosted the supply of vitamins a, e, and caused a high temperature: demand at the end of the day, rehabilitation of the country’s pig cycle, and improvement in the amount of vitamins in the country.
The net interest rate on vitamine in 2023 is still as high as 28 per cent, fully benefiting from the price increase.e With regard to vitamine, we differ from the market view: even if the Bassov installation resumed in 2025, the negative impact on the price of vitamine is relatively limited.
Imports increased almost twice as much as in 2006, while the rest of the species changed little, taking into account the limited changes in demand for German livestock, so that the large increase in imports was either due to the long-term ageing of the Basve vitamine production unit, which, in real terms, was much less than the 40,000 tons claimed in nominal capacity, and would remain dependent on imports in the future, which would have the effect of resuming production.
Eggazine: Forage additives over $30 billion in market space, 180,000 tons of liquid amino acid in company layout \triangleright
It is expected to contribute a new amount. Global demand for ecstasy exceeded 1.6 million tons in 2023, with the price of ecstasy moving downwards with technological breakthroughs in new and representative enterprises, and domestic sales of ecstasy rising. In the first half of 2024, new and 300,000 tons of solid ecstasy were fully produced, with significant cost advantages, and companies invested.
The cost of building 180,000 tons of liquid conic acid is expected to contribute about 1.4 billion dollars in revenue and 500 million dollars in net profit. Fragrances: the global “sniff economy” is recovering, with large-scale effects leading to high profitability.
Tier-driven, the strong recovery in overseas fragrance consumption since 2024 in the short term has led to high growth in domestic fragrance exports. New and emerging fragrances, the largest domestic fragrances, are rich in products and have a higher market share, with a large-scale effect that has led to a significantly higher Māori rate for companies than their competitors.
New materials: pps national producers, and the layout of the pa66 industrial chain opens up the space for growth.
On the domestic front, Pa66 invests 250,000 tonnes of Xindiamine and 480,000 tonnes of nylon new materials in Zhejiang base, 10 billion dollars in Xinnan port for the construction of Xin and Xindiamine devices, subsequent extension planning for nylon 66 capacity, butadiene appliance devices in Toto Tianjinan port, raw materials and transportation have cost advantages.
According to the company ' s environmental assessment, 480,000 tons of new nylon materials in Zhejiang are expected to contribute 14.5 billion yuan in postnatal revenues and 2.1 billion yuan in net profits.
1.1 Fine chemical industry leaders, plowing nutrients, fragrances, new materials, raw materials, the four main races for new and promising products that insist on high value added, high technology thresholds, and high market competition, are able to grow into domestic precision industry leaders. The new and more than 20 years of development can be divided into four phases, in which companies are divided into four.
Industrial, product and base expansion was completed in one phase: industrial start-up period (1999-2003): in 1999, the Synthetic Plant of Xinchang County initiated the establishment of the Zhejiang New and Consortized Company, marking the completion of the transformation of the company from factory to modern enterprise systems; in 2002, the company successfully developed biology.
In 2004, the company became the first unit of the country’s small and medium-sized enterprise board in the depths.
In 2010, the company's project “New Green Synthetic Process and Industrialization of Fat Soluble Vitamins and Carrotherin” was awarded the second prize of the National Technology Inventories Award.
In the new material field, the new pss material was successfully tested; in 2014, the construction of Shandong New and Acid Co. Ltd. was launched, marking the company ' s entry into the company ' s pineacid field, and in the same year pa completed the construction of the intermediate workshop.
The Ministry was established; the Tesman New and Cheng Engineering Plastics (Zejiang) Ltd., a joint venture with Tesman, was established; the Heilong River biodeterminate site was put into production and the two-year 250,000 tons of ecstasy project was launched; in 2024, the company announced that it would sign an investment cooperation agreement with the Tianjin Economic Technology Development Area Management Committee, which plans to invest about $10 billion in the construction of the nylon new materials project.
Figure 1: Corporate development history. Based on the refined chemical industry, the company uses “Chemical +”, “Bio+” as its core technology platform to form four product systems of nutrients, fragrances, new materials, raw materials and medicines:
Nutritional operations: Revenues account for 60-70% of the company’s revenues, including vitamins, pyresine acid, auxiliary enzymes q10 and sulfonic acid. The company is the country’s first enterprise to industrialize vitamine intermediates e trimethylhydrazine and isoplant ol, leading industry in the production of vitamina, currently 8,000 tons of vitamina and 60,000 tons of e-capacity, respectively, accounting for 14.8% and 60,000 tons of global capacity, respectively.
21.43 per cent. Pyramid is the company ' s most dynamic product in recent years, with a capacity of 300,000 tons, of which 150,000 tons was completed in June 23, and 180,000 tons of liquid amino acid is expected to be completed by the end of 24 years under a joint project with China-Pulsification, and fragrances, which include products such as mintol, aromaticol, lemon formaldehyde, some of which form an upstream/downstream relationship with vitamins.
New material: includes products such as pps, pa, vesca dichloride, nylon 66, ipdi, hdi, etc. pps are the company’s first product into the new materials industry, a test vehicle was completed in early 2014, a joint venture was set up with Tesman to sell the pss material in early 2015, and a three-phase project of 7,000 tons was launched in 2023, with an existing capacity of 22,000 tons. In addition, the company’s ha project includes an annual production of 27,000 tons.
Tons of methaqualone, 20,000 tons of ipta, 4,000 tons of adi, and 3,000 tons of hdi. As of July 2024, the product was in the process of being sampled and marketed by customers.
The company has four major production bases: Shinchang, Hoshi, Shandong and Heilongjiang, with clear positioning and cost advantages.
Special Materials Ltd., which is mainly involved in the production and sale of vitamin series, pigment series, nutrients such as sulfonic acid and polysulfur ethers (pps), high-temperature nylons (ppa), long fibres (lft), etc.
Acids, new materials, etc. Production and sale of products. Heilongjiang Züzig Base, established in September 2017, locates the biological fermentation base, with synthetic biology as the main area of study. The Heilong River, as the country’s main corn-producing area, has a significant material base, with support enzymes q10, vitamin c, vitamin b12,
On 28th, 15th June 2024, 12th July 2024, Xinhua, Xinhua, Shandong New and Acid Co. Ltd., Inc., a company that maintains a high-dimension return on its stockholders, is highly favoured by investors. The company is controlled by Mr. Hooperbin, who owns 31.18% of the company.
Mr. Hobang is the founder of the organicization plant in Xinchang County, currently the new and new chairman of the board, and his brother Hobang is the president of the company. Billions of dollars. The Xiangyang Strategic Fund, the National Social Security Fund and several public fund-raising funds are among the top 10 shareholders.
In the long run, companies have been highly profitable and new products have been found to drive performance upwards; in the short term, the ability of ecstasy to release stacks of vitamins has rebounded significantly, with the company increasing its net return to its parent ratio by 199 per cent; in 2018, as a result of the accident at the Bassov ellipse device, the price of vitamins surged and the company's performance increased; and in 2021, the demand for nutrients reheated downstream plus the company's production of amino acid, the company increased its output.
Under pressure; in the first three quarters of 2024, the limited capacity of the overseas vitamins and pyresine giants to contribute to the improvement of the industry's climate, the release of corporate ammonia, the release of acid capacity, which drove the firm's performance to increase significantly by $15,782 million, or 43.31 per cent more than the corresponding increase; and the realization of net repatriation, where the company's profitability is at the top of the panachemical plate, with high returns on research and development inputs.
At the top 30% of the industry, the Māori rate is the top 10%, and the net profit from the mother is around the top ten. By section, vitamins and amino acid are the company’s dominant product, and the industry’s climate determines the profitability of the product, but the company is able to maintain a high Māori rate, thanks to the high barrier characteristics of the vitamin industry and leading technological processes.
According to the 2023 report, the number of R & D personnel in the company reached 23.85 per cent, and in recent years total R & D expenditure has exceeded 5 per cent.Vitamins: technical barriers have been forged at a high concentration, and supply rigidities have contributed to soaring prices Vitamins: feed and nutritional necessities, with Vía, Vee and Víb as the main varieties.
Between 2013 and 2023, the ratio of domestic vitamin production to feed production was measured to be between 0.38 and 0.63 per cent, which is small, but the higher nutritional value of vitamins is essential for maintaining and upgrading the physiological functions, productive capacities and health patterns of livestock and fish. According to satellite maps, the structure of vitamin end consumption is stable, with 71 per cent feed and 20 per cent pharmaceutical chemicals.
Some areas, such as food and beverages, account for 9%, and, unlike other varieties, nearly 90% of the vitamins are used in the areas of human food, medicine, and cosmetics. Depending on the species, the Vibs, Vic, Ve, Via account for 33%, 30%, 21%, and 13% of the total vitamin market, respectively.
During the year, the country ' s combined production of vitamins increased by 7%. In stages: between 2013 and 2021, the number of live pigs stored in the country remained essentially at 40-45 million areas, on the basis of which total feed production increased. Between 2019 and the beginning of 2021, the profits from self-sufficiency were close to 2000-3000 dollars.
Since the second quarter of 2024, domestic pig farming has been repaired for profit and is expected to support the need for supplements such as vitamins. Vitamine is one of the largest doses of vitamins in the world, a vitamin that humans and animals need but cannot synthesize on their own.
Vitamine has been widely used as a nutritional supplement and antioxidant in the feed, medicine, food, cosmetics, etc., with feed additives accounting for about 70% of this amount and playing an important role in animal immunization, disease prevention, promotion of animal breeding and improved egg production. According to the Begawan Mobil, the global production of vitamine in 2023 was about 150,000 tons.
Vitamine production process barriers are high, trimethylhydrazine and isoplantol are key intermediates, and new and mutated falconone method III. While absorption rates and physiological activity are more favourable, vitamine levels are only at the μg level per gram of crop cells and are difficult to meet industrial production needs. The ratio of synthetic vitamine to synthetic vitamine is over 80%, and can be divided into chemical whole-synthetic processes and biosynthetic processes.
Biogene is synthesized by two intermediates, trimethylhydrazine (the main ring) and isophenol (the branch chain), with a high rate of harvest of more than 95%, with almost no room for upgrading. The dominant inter-methamphetamine phenol method is widely used abroad to be highly import-dependent.
As a result, the high technical barriers to vitamine have created a high concentration pattern, with domestic firms producing 64% of the capacity. New firms have had difficulty entering the vitamine market, and as technology develops, many firms have gradually withdrawn from competition because of cost constraints.
We counted about 280,000 tons of global vitamin e production in 2024, with a combined share of more than 85% for newcomers, Tesman, Ent, Zhejiang and Bass. The combined capacity of domestic enterprises, such as new and Seng, Zhejiang medicine, was about 180,000 tons, or 64% of the city.
Vitamins a: The initial raw material is a complex process of beta-violetone upstream lemon formaldehyde, which determines high concentration in the Via sector. The vitamin a process is divided into roche and basf. The roche process is technologically mature, with a stable rate of harvest, and is currently used in Tesman, Shin and Kim Dawi, and the Basf, Zhejiang medicine and Andisu process. Both processes are based on beta-violandone.
The initial raw material, beta-violinone, is synthesized with lemon formaldehyde and acetone, with synthetic lemon formaldehyde monopolized by Bassev, Shinzo Seng, and the Colytian Society (Japan). According to the Moor, in 2023, the global production of vitamina was about 30,000 tons, with a start-up rate of about 10,000 tons and a 40% occupancy rate, with a greater impact on the supply end of vitamina.
In 2006, after more than 10 years of research at the New Union University, Lemonde was the country’s first and third largest producer of lemon formaldehyde. The company created an efficient technology route for salamiol and lemonde, which was fully applied to the spice production line by the end of 2014.
Critical reaction technologies to achieve large-scale stabilization of the production of lemon formaldehyde; aromatic aromatic and lemon formaldehyde chains with a completely new route through reloading processes; breakthrough of selective hydrogenization regulatory techniques to achieve a stable control over the quality of fragrance, with a purity above 0.5% of the competition and a 50% reduction in the amount of impurities. Corporate aromatic and lemon formaldehyde production costs have fallen by 16.8%, respectively, compared to similar international technologies.
And 13.4% help reduce the cost of downstream vitaminsa and e. In addition to lemon formaldehyde, the important intermediates of vitamine, trimethyl hydrogen hydrazine, and adipdi diocyanate, can share amphetamine. Vitamins b6 and hdi share photogas, which are highly toxic gases, and the country has strict regulatory and control of the photogas industry with access barriers.
The company’s 180,000 tons of liquid acid, acrylic acrylate refined by sea in the town of Ito, has further reduced its costs by producing hydrogen cyanide. The New Industrial Materials Commission refers to the Raw Pharmacy Intelligence Agency, the aromatic sulfonol and lemon alcone series of key technology development and industrialization project information sheet, the Bioengineering Journal, 21 days of interaction, together with the Han Soon Financial Research Centre, the China Chemical Research Centre, the Environmental Impact Report for Shandong New and Azinc Acid Co. Ltd. e Process Certification Project, Shandong, Shandong.
New and Precision Materials Technology Ltd., high-end nylon and high-end optical-grade materials projects, new chemical materials, China-based letter-writing consultancy, new and integrated network, Asia Pacific e-subsistence, Zhejiang, 30,000 tons/year fibre-grade polysulph ethers (pps) and 20,000 tons/year polysulph ethers (pps) new materials construction projects, environmental protection, recrypting of the history of the price of Via and Ve, supply-end changes being the main factor and demand supporting the vitamin industry.
The high concentration of the industry, and hence the behaviour of the major producers, has a significant impact on the price of vitamin products. We believe that the climate cycle in the vitamin industry can be summarized in three stages: 1) stabilization of profit periods: complex vitamin processes, high barriers, limited approval of some varieties, and longer production cycles.
This pattern of competition is stable, profitable, and leading firms are happy to maintain the status quo. (2) The sudden changes in the supply end have led to price hikes that attract new entrants: as a result of stable patterns, accidents with older devices (e.g., annual energy consumption) and natural disasters, which can lead to limited availability of products or raw materials, vitamin prices have risen sharply, and existing enterprises have become attracted to new entrants.
Positive prices, attracting new entrants, but owing to the long construction cycle, expansion is expected to have a limited impact on prices, during which time the industry is expected to lose profits, shuffling and new patterns have emerged: before production could resume and prices have fallen; or before expansion, when production became operational, prices had fallen further, industry competition had increased and profits had worsened, leading to the withdrawal of existing enterprises (as in 2008)
During the cycle, demand-side changes can also affect price volatility. For example, the recession of the overseas economy caused by the conflict in Russia and Ukraine in 2022, with global pig stocks growing by only 0.03%, North America growing by almost zero, Europe by 4.06% and Asia by only 4.06%.
A 0.59 per cent increase, during which the price of Via and Vee performed poorly. Figure 23: Historical review of vitamine prices (in yuan/kg)
Characteristics of the current vitamin cycle: Tesman withdrew from the build-up of the Caspaf accident, substantially reduced vitamin supply, and the domestic head business is expected to increase further. Since 2024, the supply end of the vitamin industry has contracted markedly. On February 15, 2024, Tesman announced that he would remove animal nutrient plates based on the low state of the global vitamin market in order to reduce vitamin operations for companies.
From the end of 2022 onwards, the production of vitaminc from the Tisman River has been significantly reduced, and in 2023, the transfer from the Jiangsan factory to Fux Health Technology Ltd. from the Tishman factory was completed. According to Disman, the company expects to complete the sale of animal nutrient plates in the second half of 2025.
On August 7, Basve announced that it would be responsible for unforeseeable external factors, vitamina, vitamine and carrot-like products, as well as some spice raw materials, including Rolancone, ethyl aromatic alcohol, orange broccoli and isosterone.