The consumer uplift has led to a double-scaling cycle, April 27, 2018.
I. CASE: The company published its first quarterly report in 2018, which achieved sales revenue of 1,222 million yuan in the first quarter of 2018, an increase of 42.06 per cent in the same year; net profit of 326 million yuan in the current year, an increase of 44.07 per cent in the same year; net profit of 324 million yuan in the non-retroactive period.
This represents an increase of 44.36 per cent over the same period, with performance in line with expectations.
Companies are actively increasing their sales promotion, adding to the general trend towards higher consumption, and maintaining high growth in the first half of the year on the premise that the product is superior and leads to higher performance. Companies achieved sales revenue of $1,222 million in the first quarter of 2018.
37.11%, in line with expectations 3.
We estimate that the same percentage of the increase in the prices of firms is 6-7 per cent. We believe that in this company statement, the income from the parent company ' s statement is mainly a series of products. In 2018, the q1 parent ' s statement achieved sales revenue of $565 million, an increase of 48.04 per cent, and net profit of $334 million, an increase of 47.47 per cent.
In 2016, the company began to expand its marketing activities, creating a pavilion and a deep-farming marketing channel. There are currently more than 100 pavilions in operation, most of which are located in shopping malls, airports, and tourist attractions.
We believe that the company’s core product is expected to continue to grow by about 25% in 2018.3 The double price of the crop drives the company’s overall Māori rate to rise, while the cost rate is effectively controlled and the net interest rate is high.
This is driven by the rise in sales and price increases of high Māori-rate products. At the same time, the company’s dailyized product level of 25.51 per cent over the same period of year is mainly due to an increase in Māori rates.
During the reporting period, the company’s sales and management rates remained largely at the same level as last year. We believe that the company continues to continue its sales promotion strategy last year, increasing sales promotion and increasing sales costs and revenues. Throughout 2018, the company will continue its previous marketing strategy, its farming channels will focus on product promotion, and its sales costs will be maintained.
In view of the Chinese medicine industry’s position in the Chinese secret State variety, the clear therapeutic effect, and the establishment of a “volume-priced” trend, there is much room for future price increases and increases in the number of clients. We believe that the growth model of the company is likely to revive the successful path of the pottery and become one of China’s banners in the field of Chinese medicine health care, and therefore maintain the company’s “buy-in”
The price increase was lower than expected; market promotion was lower than expected; the supply of medicinal materials in raw materials and the risk of price fluctuations.