We think the company is a small and powerful brand, a continuous upswing, a channel.
Companies with strong capabilities. The company's exclusive product, its main raw material, is a rare, short-term, state-controlled substance, which for years has been in short supply and demand, with cost pressures leading to a sustained increase in the price of the product; the company's initiative to build strong channels and brands, and the experience hall model to reshape the marketing system, moving from a channel-driven to a terminal-driven one.
The exclusive product is a top-secret formulation of the state, which is known for its efficacy as a “national treasure medicine,” and its core ingredient is natural musk, a scarce drug under the strict control of the state, which has been in short supply and priced for many years.
It rose from 150,000/kg in 10 years to 450,000/kg today. Natural yolk is maintained at 120,000/kg. The scarcity and preciousness of materials determine the properties of higher prices for products, hence the high level of certainty of prices; and, due to the remarkable efficacy of the treatment, the population has a strong base and demand has grown steadily.
The “one-wing” strategy, the “one-nuclear-wing” strategy, is centred on traditional Chinese medicine production, with health medicine and food, and with food and food.
Beverage and visual products, special performance cosmetics are two wings, supplemented by drugs, e-commerce. In 2017, a new pharmaceutical business contributed 1.9 billion dollars, or 51.15 per cent; visual efficiency cosmetics business continued to grow rapidly, reaching 318 million in 2017.
The growth rate is 21.83 per cent, of which a piece of gluten toothpaste is expected to replicate Yunnan's track of success and become a new marketing reform, experience of the business model reshaping the marketing system.
There are a variety of marketing models, vip sales, and experientials.
At the same time, the company will continue to increase its overseas branding, increase incentives for salesmen to use the market price as a standard on 28 June 2018, further raise brand visibility and promote sales growth.
The core variety is not selling as much as expected; the experience shop model is expanding at a slower pace than expected; the original material is Sino-Soldier International Securities Inc.
Zhang Waia, Goeon-ting.