The performance of the pharmaceutical organism continues to exceed expectations, maintaining high growth at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre.
• Events: Corporate operating income of 2018q1 and net profit deductions of approximately $1.22 billion and $320 million respectively, respectively, with an increase of about 42.1 per cent and 44.4 per cent respectively • Continued overperformance and high growth. Corporate operating income of 2018q1 is about $1,220 million, same
The increase is about 42%. The pharmaceutical industry is about $560 million, a 48% increase in the same year; the pharmaceutical business is about the same time as the growth in parent company income and the evolution of the advance payments.
There are now more than 100 experiential shops. ... It is expected to maintain a steady but qualitative growth that will lead to the marketing of products. Cost controls are better during the period, and the cost of the series is much higher. The net profit of 2018q1 is about $320 million, an increase of about 44% over the same period.
The physical analysis is as follows: 1) The overall Māori rate is about 46.5%, an increase of about 1.7 percentage points over the same period, which is the main reason for this percentage; the HVM rate drops by about 3.4 percentage points, the main reason being the increase in raw materials, mainly the increase in advertising for solar panels.
Product attributes will benefit from rising consumption trends, with large empty markets, and we continue to appreciate corporate growth. Rapid growth trends are evident, with sustained interest in rapid corporate growth. 1) Management strategies are clear, shifting from business to active marketing.
As we move towards China, North China, and the rest of the country, the experience shop model and related policies will continue to advance.
Long, with a sustained view of the volume of sales in the shop's channels: b. Strengthening product end-price management guarantees, channel profit space, and more liberal policies for experience shops and distributors, promoting product marketing; 2) scarcity, strengthening the price-raising logic. There is now increased competition for natural musk demand and scarcity of raw materials across the country.
We think that the company’s product is unique, scarce, and its particular stage of development, and deserves to be overvalued; the musk industry, despite its tight supply, is still fragmented within the industry, with its raw materials for companies.
Production bottlenecks are weak, owing to the improvement in the number of mussels in the industry, the stockpiling of mussels bases, the adoption of applications for additional quotas, etc. and the steady supply. Product price increases logic.
Sales, revenues, or maintenance of rapid growth, are expected to be strong and maintain a “buy-in” rating. No direct or indirect compensation is to be obtained for the price of the series (2018-02-06), either directly or indirectly, and not for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.