Europa, good performance, good behavior, good policy.
In the reporting period, the company is expected to achieve business income, household consumption has recovered weakly, and real estate sales have yet to improve. Household consumption has recovered weakly, and monthly retail sales of furniture have been growing at a small number of places. In 2023, retail sales of furniture reached $151.6 billion, compared to $151.6 billion.
In 2023, houses were quickly rehabilitated, with a 17% increase in the same year, while the number of places sold in commercial houses slipped by 8.5% in the same year. Of these, in December, there was an increase of 15.34% in the same year, and the area of sale.
The Central Bank announced a reduction of the deposit reserve rate of 0.5 percentage points to provide about 100 billion long-term liquidity; (2) the new office of the country pointed out that the financial sector must provide strong support to the real estate sector and propose concrete measures; (3) Guangzhou announced the lifting of the limit on the purchase of more than 120 square metres within the restricted area. As of 29 January 2024, the European family was living in Europe.
Pe-ttm is 13.19 times the score since it was listed at 0.82%, which is historically low. We believe that future policies are expected to continue to work and thus improve expectations, and that corporate performance is still growing in the long term.
Our revolution has been a driving force for structural change, a strong push for strategic development and long-term growth.
I am committed to presenting this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.