Deep ahead of everyone's strategy, business resilience continues to be highlighted.
The strategy is moving forward, and the harvest is moving up steadily. At the median performance forecast, 23q4 companies actually \triangleright Xu Xiaoqing
The retail sales of furniture increased by 1.7 per cent/2.2 per cent/ 2.3 per cent respectively, and the growth in the European sector was higher than in the industry. We believe that the main factor is: 1) there is a steady increase in retail sales and the packaging of companies moving forward well, with the creation of an organizational structure that matches the business model of everyone during the year, moving from a comprehensive approach to the management of goods to a city-centred business model.
Research assistants, in the form of Yalcon, have deepened the process of change in channels and the transformation of distributors, and have gradually emerged from the strategic direction of corporate business, which has sustained a steady increase in business income. (2) 699 and 29800 meal packages have been converted: in "Golds"
In the middle of the performance forecast, 23q4 companies achieved a net return.
\triangleright comment: q3 profits are overexpected, the effectiveness of the abatement measures demonstrated
Organization, management, institutional change in the business model, with a focus on research and development, manufacturing and delivery system reform and enterprise development 3. Europolation (603801.sh) in the first quarter of 2023
High base & operating leverage short-term impact on profitability, forward-looking, efficient and complete supply chain management systems, improved efficiency in supply chain management, excellent procurement of scale, good wait for performance recovery - 2023/04/29
4. Euroland Homes (603833.sh) 2022 Annual Report Review: The Māori Rate for Companies has increased year-on-year and the overall profit level has increased. 3) Cost control and cost efficiency has increased.
New channels & new models trigger the growth of new dynamic energy, leading the way to a continued consolidation of 2023/04/26 below-extract distributors. 4) Benefiting from the country's advanced manufacturing and other preferential policies, the public has been encouraged to do so.
5. Europa (603833.sh) ' s performance in 2022 pre-enhancement of non-recurring returns on a year-on-year basis has had a positive impact on the net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company.
Investment proposals: good real estate policy continues to be released, corporate control costs are evident, everyone is moving forward -2023/01/17 Lit, retailing is fast, and the whole body of clothing is at its core, in combination with its own leading information system
This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, who have not received, either directly or indirectly, recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.