Maintenance of year-round guidelines, Tides' business reversible growth Event: Mid 2024 report. Company 2024h1 achieved revenue of $17,241 million (with Pharmacy 603259)
1.7 pp), the efficiency of the company's operations has continued to improve, but has been subject to changes in the portfolio and a combination of the market. For the six months of the year, the details of the five major portfolios are as follows: 1) chemistry: income of $12.21 billion (- 9.34 per cent) was achieved, with an increase of 2.1 per cent from the same year after the elimination of the new crown, of which d&m-related revenues of $7.39 billion were generated
Growth. Tides (polymeric and oligonucleic acid, etc.) earned $2.08 billion, an increase of 57.2 per cent over the same period. In January 2024, the size of the company ' s multiplatinum synthesynthetic reaction was increased to 3.2wl, of which we expect to produce 2.12 billion (-54 per cent) in laboratory analysis and testing services, and clinical coro and smo revenues.
Millions (-5.17 per cent) of new molecule-related income increased by 8.1 per cent, and the percentage of biological income increased to 29.0 per cent. (4) Attu: 570 million (-19.43 per cent) of total annual income, the decrease is mainly due to the fact that commercialized projects are still at an early stage of deployment, some projects are delayed or cancelled for client reasons, and new contracts are signed.
The impact of the proposed bill in the United States is influenced by factors such as insufficient impact. 5) ddsu: $260 million in revenue (-maintaining the original performance guidelines and generating efficiency returns for shareholders. \triangleright despite the uncertainty of the external environment. \triangleright
8.6%. Companies continuously upgrade global operational capacity and size and continuously improve asset efficiency: In 2023, the company ' s glp qualification facility was added to a total of 2wm2; in January 2024, the combined multipolymer solidity was increased to a total of 3.2wl; and in May 2024, Singapore ' s R & D and production base
Since it was listed in 2018, the company has accumulated a total of $9.2 billion in dividends, a bit of which is in the head of the industry: since January 2014, the company has completed a total of 1.3 billion Hong Kong dollars in shares.
Itd buys and repurchases 2 billion yuan in shares and has fully written off and accumulated shares.
1.97% of the total stock of the company to date. Repurchases and write-offs rank as a listed company. Companies continue to increase their combined strength, improve their performance and maintain their value and shareholder rights. Risk factors: increased industry competition, declining demand for R & D inputs and outsourcing, policy risks, new industries.
I've been working as a team seller for more than nine years, and I've worked as a team member and a Master of Pharmacy at Shanghai Transport University, who worked as a clinical co-worker at pcc and paraexel in 2021.
Cao Jialin, a member of the team, is a rich member of the Chinese University College of Quantified Economics, two years of research in the pharmaceutical bio-industry, has been working on a certificate of justice, joined the Sinda securities in 2023, and is responsible for research in the areas of medical equipment, in vitro diagnosis, icl, etc.
Zhang Chungtao, member of the team, Master of International Investment Finance at the University of the South, 1 year of research in the pharmaceutical and biological industry, cpa (professional phase), formerly employed in the Fangzheng securities, 2023 in the Shuda securities, covering mainly Chinese medicine, pharmaceutical businesses, & pharmacies, vaccines. Zhao Dan, member of the team, Master of Biomedical Engineering at Beijing University, 2 years of research in the innovative medicine industry, 2024 in the Sunda securities,
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.