The pharmaceutical team continues to be efficient in the enabling industry, with steady growth in hand orders.
1. "Pharmonical Conditions: steady growth in hand orders, high-scoring attention, service to more clients, steady growth in orders: During the reporting period, the company maintained its current presence in excess of 2. "Pharmonical Condolences: Integration enhances customer stickyness, multi-producer production "
At the end of the month, the company ordered 43.10 billion yuan in hand orders to eliminate specific commercial production items.
Integrated crdmo operations, multi-operational silo development. During the reporting period: 1) wuxi chemistry earned $12.21 billion and eliminated the commercialization of the new crown, an increase of 2.1% over the same period; at the end of the month, Tides increased 147% over the same period in hand orders. 2) wuxitesting: laboratory
Of the $2.12 billion in revenues from analytical and test operations, a 5.4 per cent decline over the same period, the drug safety evaluation business maintained a leading position in the Asia-Pacific industry and was affected by the market, with a 6.3 per cent decline in revenues from the same period.
Of these, Smo ' s income increased by 20.4 per cent over the year, maintaining a leading position in China ' s industry, with clinical croc support clients receiving 14 clinical trial batches; and Smo ' s enabling 31 products on the market. 3) wuxibiology: revenue from business related to new molecular classes increased by 8.1 per cent over the same period;
The share of new molecular income has continued to rise to 29.0 per cent. (4) wuxiatu: in the first half of the year, the pipelines had a total of 64 projects; of these, one new American client was the world ' s first innovative project for commercialization of neocancer lymphocyte (til).
Free cash flows are abundant, providing the basis for shareholder dividends and talent incentives. In the first half of the year, corporate cash flows of $4.74 billion, capital expenditures of $1.51 billion, free cash flows of 48.3 per cent more than in the same year, provide the basis for follow-up cash dividends and incentives to retain talent.
Profit forecasting, valuation and rating Risk of declining demand, risk of policy change, risk of increased competition in industry, risk of overseas regulation, risk of loss of core skilled personnel, exchange rate risk, etc.
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market