On a fast-moving hand order, the small molecule cdmo's lead performance was better than it was on 30th of July 2024.
The demand for integration continues to grow, maintaining year-round performance guidelines. Global biomedicine \triangleright funding has improved significantly since 2024, with 500+ clients added to the company in the first half of the year, amounting to $4.310 billion in hand orders, removed
The commercialization of the new crown has increased by 33.2% over the same period, with the United States earning $10.71 billion, and the non-new crowning rate of net return interest will be the same as in 2023.R-end reheating the cdmo pipeline continues to expand, and the scale of Tides’ operating income, hand orders, and output continues to expand.
The research assistant, Joboyo, was able to increase rapidly. Wuxichimistry earned $12.21 billion in the first half of the year, a non-new crown rate of 2.1 per cent, and r had delivered more than 450,000 new compounds over the past 12 months, an increase of 7 per cent over the same period; d&m earned revenue.
73.90 billion yuan, with a non-new crown growth rate of 2.7 per cent, is expected to be positive throughout the year, with 644 new molecules added in the first half of the year, 14 of which are new commercialization and clinical iii projects, sustained growth in d&m capacity-building by companies, construction of R & D and production bases in Singapore in May 2024; and rapid business development with harvests in the first half of the year
1. Pharmacy Ming Kandeh (603259.sh) was reported in the first quarter of 2024. The income of the European and American regions continued to grow steadily, with the number of tides operating fast and the number of molecules reaching 151 and 288, respectively, and the size of the multipolar synthetic reaction increased to 32,000 litres.
Speed release - 2024/04/30 Test operations and biology maintain a lead and wuxiatu has a new form of pressure. (1) wuxi \triangleright
Polythermal tubes and production capacity are growing faster, corporate profitability 3. Ming Condé (603259.sh) Tri-quarter reporting point 2023 billion yuan (+5.8 per cent), Smo growing by 20.4 per cent and maintaining China ' s leading position, h1 empowering 31 products
Review: Non-new crown business has grown robustly, operating efficiency and scale effectiveness has been marketed. (2) wuxibiology earned $1.17 billion in the first half of the year, a 5.2 per cent decline in the same year, while the share of new sub-income has risen to 29.0 per cent, and continues to be a downstream client for the first half of the year. (3) wuxiatu
Assessment: Demand stability, fast-disbursing of non-new crown business, cxolom revenue of $570 million, a 19.4 per cent decline in the same year, mainly due to the early stages of commercialization and the impact of the proposed United States bill, and companies will actively promote hand-to-hand commercialization and clinical project implementation.
Investment proposals: Pharmacy Condé is the global leader in integration, end-to-end cxo, enabling new drug research and development projects for domestic and foreign clients through the crdmo and ctdmo business models.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.