The Silver World Wide Market's wise investment company, S.I., has been renovated. 603259ch. The Biosecurity Act boots are largely on the ground. The business is expected to remain robust.
The United States House of Representatives voted on 9 September local time for the adoption of the Biosafety Act (hereinafter “Law 54.27 RMB”), bill No. h.r. 8333), which is intended to restrict United States Government agencies and accept United States Government supplements.
The bill still needs to be passed by the United States Senate and signed by the President of the United States in order to finally become law.
Making the bill pass may affect only a few government-funded projects, and the company's business in the United States is expected to maintain the base, cfa, robust. Based on the firm's fast-growing hand orders, we believe that the company's profits are expected to recover.
The analysis shows that the current stock prices may have reflected the extreme pessimistic expectations of US business (see figure 3), looking back on the valuations.  The United States House voted for the Biosafety Act, and the boots were pretty much on the ground.
The Biosafety Act has been amended twice since it was introduced in January. The first revision in May of this year added a “grandfather clause” that allows existing contracts to be enforced until 2032. The bill that was passed by the House of Representatives has little change in the content of the text from the revised version in May.
It is worth noting that the bill did not enter into the House of Representatives’ revised Defense Authorization Bill for the Year 2025 in June this year. At the same time, the United States Senate introduced a similar bill (the bill number).
(s.3558) The content of the bill, which was largely in line with the version of the House of Representatives, was approved by the Senate's Homeland Security Committee in March of this year, but has not yet been put to the full Senate vote.
Li Ge and his co-actors included draft s.3558 in the draft amendment to the Defence Authorization Bill (draft) for the financial year 2025, and the ultimate success of the “barrel” legislation remains to be seen.
By the way, we believe that the approximate drug ratio associated with medicare and medicaid is unbridled, affecting only small sectors of the population that are allocated to government-funded projects, which may have had a less significant impact on the company’s income. By the end of the month, the company ordered $43.1 billion in hand orders, and increased by the same amount as the commercialization of the new crown.
33.2%, and at the same time about 25% growth in 1h24’s new signed orders. Strong demand for orders indicates continued trust in high-quality corporate services.
In addition, we expect that the United States will lead to a global recovery in biomedical investment, as well as an increase in corporate orders. The United States House of Representatives voted on the Biosafety Bill (hereinafter referred to as the Bill) on September 9, local time.
H.r. 8333), which aims to limit the ability of U.S. government agencies and entities receiving subsidies or loans from the U.S. government to purchase goods or services from relevant Chinese companies, including Pharmacy Conde. The U.S. House of Representatives version of the Biosafety Act has been amended twice since its introduction in January.
In the first revised version, the “grandfather clause” allowing the execution of existing contracts until 2032 was added and the Act was clearly defined as a contract subject to the limitation of the contract in question, while providing for an exemption period of up to 545 days (generally not exceeding 365 days but subject to the possibility of application) for the relevant restricted body after the enactment of the Act.
The bill that was passed by the House of Representatives has almost no change in the content of the text from the May revision. The bill still needs to be passed by the United States Senate and signed by the President of the United States before it becomes law.
It should be noted that this bill did not enter the House of Representatives ' Bill of Defense Empowerment for the Year 2025 (draft) in June of this year, while the United States Senate introduced a similar draft (Act No. 3558), which is largely in line with the House of Representatives version and which was voted for by the Senate Homeland Security Committee in March of this year, but which has not yet advanced to the Senate as a whole.
The Senate’s draft amendment to the Defence Authorization Bill (draft) for the 2025 fiscal year contains drafts s.3558, and the ultimate success of the “barrel” legislation remains to be seen. The draft texts of the two chambers are largely identical, and the most important concern is how the scope of the bill will be determined.
On the basis of the current draft, assuming that the bill is finally passed, we believe that the approximate rates of medicare and medicaid-related drugs are not regulated, and that only a small portion of the projects that are funded by the government may have a minor impact on the company’s revenues.
The annual income is 38.560 billion yuan and about $5.42 billion. Corporate business is concentrated on the chemo service, and we estimate that Mingconde is the world’s largest supplier of chrdmo. The leading companies in cdmo overseas are lonza, Patheon, catalent, etc.
In terms of the size of the income, the income of the drug is much larger than that of other competitors abroad, the product of the drug known as the drug known as "crmo" is dominated by api, the formulations are small, and the drug known as the drug known as "Mingkandr" has a production facility in Switzerland. In contrast, the income of the drug associated with the drug is about $1.06 billion.
Catalent is $2.43 billion (most of which is a chemical agent, and a small part is api), Patheon's income is used to inflate infrastructure conditions in potentially alternative regions such as, in general, relatively small overseas chemical cdmo production capacity, most of which is located in high-cost European regions, and India. We believe that, in the medium term (about 10 years), US pharmaceutical companies are still in a state of immaturity.
The legislation on the biosafety bill is still uncertain. With reference to the content of the current draft, we believe that the approximate rate of the bill will only affect a low growth rate of about 10% over the year, while China, Europe, and other regions will maintain revenues of about 10% over the year.
Figure 7: Dcf Model Sensitivity Analysis