Pharmacy 259.hk/603259.ch: 2q24 adjusted net return to mother slightly higher than expected, maintaining year-round guidance 2q24 income to drug Minconde is broadly in line with market expectations, adjusted net profit to mother
Wuzawa cfa 2q24 income is roughly in line with market expectations and slightly higher than we expected; adjusted non-ifrs are in our expectation, mainly because wuxichemistry is slightly better than we expected; adjusted
Yoy, +2.3 pptsqoq), adjusted net interest rate of 26.6 per cent (-1.2ppts billion yuan) for recapturing the new crown commercialization project and +33.2 per cent yoy, corresponding to the new signing in the first half of the year • wuxichemistry benefited from a strong growth and good small score in Tides operations in the second quarter
Subcdmo rings are growing faster and early operations are still weak: 2q24 wuxichemistry achieves revenues of $6.65 billion (-5.5 per cent yoy, +19.5 per cent qoq), eliminates the new crown commercialization project; benefits from improved productive capacity (currently 32,000l).
Early-stage operations included wuxichemistry block r revenue, wuxibiology, wuxi projecting, and management indicated that the prices of early-stage operations (including wuxibiology, wuxitesting, etc.) had declined.
Maintenance of year-round guidance to cover 85% of year-round income guidelines with hand orders: company confidence, +2.7% +8.6% yoy after elimination of the new crown commercialization project, adjusted net profitability of non-ifrs at last year ' s level. At the end of the income end, management said $43.1 billion
The company expects that the small molecule cdmo’s operations will be eliminated and the double-digit growth appears to have decreased. Tides’ income guidelines are still in place, as previously stated, for almost March (in millions of yuan)
In terms of profit margins, companies believe that higher incomes, better Māori project ratios and higher efficiency gains from automation will help companies achieve the adjusted net interest rate levels that were consistent with last year's.
• The U.S. draft biosafety law further affects wuxiatu and a small part of early study services: and the draft has led to an increase in concerns among wuxiatu clients, which has made it more difficult for Atu operations to obtain new orders and new customers in the second quarter, and has led to the cancellation of some early stages by very few customers
R & D services. We have noticed a reduction of 1 in the total number of 2q24wuxatu projects (reduced for clinical phase 2), and management currently considers the block to focus on the implementation of existing atu projects. In addition, individual early R & D clients cancelled the department due to disturbances in the draft bill
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipients of the financial statement analysis and projections - Pinging Condt (2359.hk) and Spob International expressed and assured their entitlement to this report under the following conditions and agreed to do so:
Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is based on the ownership of activities regulated by the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Provision of opinions on securities).
You shall not interpret the content of this report as a professional interest in legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
See, or for any recommendation, you shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on the legal and related matters related to any of the transactions described in this report. The information and opinions in this report are dated and may be modified without notice or necessarily updated to reflect the progress made after the date of the document. This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal or other financial aspects on the information in this report.
This report may contain forward-looking statements, involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, and such forward-looking statements may be based on assumptions and be limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Poo Ying International Securities.
(collectively “Phibbing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or in the companies concerned, and may from time to time buy or sell. There is no legal liability for any possible loss to investors arising from the use of this report or from reliance on the information it contains.
For some jurisdictions or countries, the distribution, issuance or use of this report would conflict with local laws, laws, regulations, or other regulations for registration or licensing. This report is not intended to be any regulation intended for such jurisdictions or countries.
This report is provided only to the “principal investor” as defined in United States Rule 15a-6 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, and is not available to any other person. The act of accepting this report is an expression of consent not to be issued or made available to any other person.
This report is not issued by an accredited person as defined in section 21 of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) ("fsma"), nor is it approved. Therefore, this report will not be sent to the British public, nor will it be transmitted to the public.
This means (i) investment professionals with professional experience in investment, as defined in section 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2005 (the “Financial Promotions” Order, 2000), or (ii) other persons within the scope of section 49(2)(a)-(d) of the Order who may legally communicate with them (all of whom are referred to collectively as “persons concerned”).