The variance in the printing of the track is due to globalization and the replacement of national production — the Nasda (002180.sz) event: the company disclosed its first quarter performance forecast in 2022 and its 2021 performance report, which increased significantly.
On April 09, 2022, Lee Peking 2022q1 Bends net profit per year + 30%, printer sales equal + 33%, with the original loads increasing rapidly with the holdings.
(a) Long, same-year-plus 60 per cent, with an increase in the cost of medium- and high-end engine-type R & D inputs;
2022q1 net profit - 20 per cent, mainly due to the epidemic, shortage of spring-timers, showing lower and higher rates, 2022q1 chip net profit per year + 10 per cent, rapid growth in industrial controls and safety, automobiles and new energy, consumer electronics operations, income + 150 per cent, and expected 32-digit mcu products for 202H1 to be subject to regulation aec-q100
The market is concerned about the limited market space available for company-owned printers and materials, and we believe that printing tracks are of interest.
Printers are monopolistic races, competitions are extremely limited, company printers and consumption lanes that complete the integrated supply chain are not competing in the country, and the industry is much more competitive than most of the high-growth races. Printers and consumables, though mature, are more sophisticated.
But high technology and patent barriers, high financial input barriers, are typical monopolistic industries, with the main players globally and domestically being American-Japanese enterprises, such as Hewlett-Packard (about 40%), Jae-Jeon, Brothers, etc.;
The share of domestic exports rose from 1.3 per cent to 4.1 per cent, and by 4.09 per cent; compared with the volume of sales of Kyoto porcelain and other manufacturers, which decreased by 10.86 per cent, we can see that the company has replaced 37.66 per cent of the shrinking share of small and medium-sized producers; Against a backdrop of global printer upgrades and inadequate core supply, the company has fully seized the opportunity to take advantage of the technical support of the Alliance.
The global marketing network for holding and general consumption accumulates mid-end printers worldwide, and the original loads will grow at a high rate in the coming years as the total stock increases. (2) The company’s performance is short-term view of the Mercedes printers, medium-term view of the original loads, and attention is paid to the iot chips.
In 2021, overseas printers were sold + 60%, Chinese printers were sold + 48%, and in the future they and their originals will continue to provide about 50% of the net return profit: medium-term attention will be paid to raw materials that rise with their holdings.
In the interim, this means that the upgrading of the printer holdings will significantly boost sales of the original silicon drums over the next two years, while the gradual deregulation of the European and United States markets has allowed the Alliance to recover steadily and reduce uncertainty about performance; and more attention should be paid to the iot chip. The chip now accounts for about 50% of the company’s net return profit because of the high Māori rate.
The company’s core competitiveness on chips is its compatible substitution capacity and anti-attack experience with other manufacturers, and we believe that with the public's massive cooperation and supply in new energy sources, industrial controls, automobiles, the company’s trends in alternative release in the more spatial iot chip fields have slowed, the general consumption market has contracted, and major foreign competitors have blocked and hit.
In 2021, they collected $3.87 billion (+72 per cent), resulting in a net profit of $679 million (+140 per cent), overseas printer sales + 60 per cent, Chinese printer sales + 48 per cent, and new items (a4 colour, a4 medium high-speed black and white laser printers) on the market;
In 2021, $4.9 billion (-1.5 per cent) was collected in general-purpose materials, with a net profit of $240 million (-29 per cent), largely influenced by continuing industry competition and rising bulk prices and freight charges; 1,142 million were collected in 2021 in printer chips, 290 million in non-print chip camps and 1,432 million in total.
In 2021, the polar sea semiconductor launched a total of 32 new mcu products, with an active expansion of new energy, engineering, automobiles, etc., and steady cooperation with well-known manufacturers (electrical lifts, swaths, rainbows, American, upper-air Mitsubishi, peng, Great Wall, etc.) to achieve bulk supply.
Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report. Any form of written or oral commitment to share the return on investment in securities or to share the loss of investment in securities is invalid.
Investors should not simply rely on this report to replace their own independent judgement, and should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors on that basis