The impact of the epidemic has been largely eliminated, and the follow-up and rapid development has been observed.
• The marginal impact of the epidemic has diminished, with ample hand orders and a strong year-round performance growth, and companies have issued reports for the first quarter of 2023. The company’s business income of 2023q1 was 1,805 million yuan, or 0.73 per cent more; the net profit on maternity was 568 million yuan, or 9.65 per cent more on average; and the net profit on deductions was $381 million.
With 2023q1, affected by the liberalization of internal outbreak control and spring holidays, the company’s clinical trials are blocked, and the collection end and profit end are under pressure for a short period of time. Clinical operations have recovered rapidly, with firm performance expected to continue to grow steadily and to maintain a “buy-in” rating when compared to 2022q4, when the company’s recovery ratio has increased.
● The impact of the epidemic is gradually decreasing, and the clinical trial technical services have returned to normal 2023q1 with a slight decrease in revenues from clinical trial technical services over the same period in 2022, mainly due to a significant reduction in vaccine-related multi-regional clinical trial operations, and the consolidation of the disease with the clinical trial service since January
Since February, a number of operations, such as clinical trials, have been gradually restored to routine patterns, other services of clinical trials, such as equipment projects, have been steadily increasing, and the impact of the epidemic on the company’s clinical operations has been largely clear, with rapid follow-up.
*Study and smo operations are well developed, q2 laboratory operations are expected to recover rapidly, q2 bed-test-related services and revenues from laboratory services are higher than in 2022.
Larger, there has been a decline in the start-up and capacity utilization of laboratories in the Chinese district, an increase in depreciation, and a slight decline in the company’s laboratory operations as compared to the Māori rate. As the impact of the epidemic subsides, Business has continued to grow steadily, and the leading position has increased.
Q2 is expected to return to rapid growth and increase the overall profitability of the company.
“The deepening of the city's rivers — the company's first coverage report”