The first half of the year was a smooth release of the expected high year-round growth, the fast-track assessment of Poly Property (600048) and today's announcement of performance in the first half of 2017, which is expected to be attributable to the shareholders of listed companies in the first half of 2017.
During the reporting period, corporate gross operating income fell year-on-year, largely as a result of the policy of business change, with part of the revenue raised during the period excluding operating taxes. At the end of the reporting period, the total assets of the company and shareholders in listed companies increased by 24.36 per cent and 2.3 per cent, respectively, mainly because of the expansion of the company’s project portfolio and changes in the scope of the consolidation of its financial statements.
Billions of dollars, an increase of 32.53% in the same year, an ideal increase in overall sales, a further increase in sales over the end of the season, and a continuation of the leading industry. The expected increase in the company’s year-round settlement revenue is still high.
The company’s current rich land reserves are well configured and provide the basis for rapid growth in the coming years. The company’s current undistributed profits are strong, while its current interest rates have been relatively high in recent years, which will strongly support the company’s share price. Continued attention is given to the “market index” benchmark of the public rating system, which is 300 indexes.
The underlying risk rating is given in the market for the study, i.e. in the case of certificates of title and derivatives markets, where the underlying risk rating is high: in the case of equities, equity-based fund market-side studies, where the underlying risk rating is general risk; and in the case of market-related studies such as bonds, bond-based funds, monetary funds and macroeconomic policies, where the underlying risk rating is low risk.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.