The company achieved net profit returns of 5.651 billion yuan, an increase of 13.92 per cent. The company ' s profit margin level recovered, with a Māori rate of 30.80 per cent and a net interest rate of 30.80 per cent, respectively.
And 13.15 per cent, up 1.80 and 2.12 percentage points, respectively, compared to the end of last year, with a slight decline in operating income, a significant increase in net profits, a recovery in profit margins and a return to asset size.
This was mainly due to a 25.30 per cent reduction in minority shareholder gains and losses during the period, which resulted in a significant increase in the net return profit compared to the previous year. The percentage points were mainly influenced by carry-over regions and product structure, with the recovery in net interest rates largely attributable to a significant reduction in minority shareholder rights.
In the first half of 2017, the volume of company sales rose to an all-time high. During the reporting period, companies reached $14.6 billion in sales contracts, a 33 per cent increase, 70 per cent of the amount contracted in the previous year.
In terms of regional distribution, the company continues its strategy of deep-ploughing cities, maintaining the core position of the three major urban clusters: the Pearl Triangle, the Long Triangle, and Kyouta, which accumulated 93.2 billion yuan, or 64%, in the first half of the year, while being affected by hot sales in the cities of Wuhan, Chengdu, Chongqing, etc.
The Western region recorded an increase of 9 to 28 per cent in sales over the same period in the previous year, with a rapid expansion of land resources and a wealth of land reserves using a diversified approach. During the reporting period, companies completed the integration of their industrial real estate operations.
Work, land resources, have increased considerably over the same period last year. During the reporting period, companies acquired 59 new projects through M&A consolidation, roll-outs, cooperation, etc., adding 1.93 million square metres of additional housing, with a total land cost of $62.5 billion, representing an increase of 122% and 39%, respectively, in comparison with the resource matching process, with the value of 161% of the area newly taken and the value of the area sold in the first half of the year and 43% of the value of the land taken and the amount sold.
In terms of the growth strategy, the company’s focus remains one- or two-line, with 1.277 million square metres or 75% of the area expanded in the first half of the year. At the same time, the company is actively promoting the strategy of deep-farming in urban areas, centred on the central city, with radiation potential around it. In the first half of the year, the company entered seven new cities.
Of these, Xu Xu, Lake, Salt City in the Long Triangle region; Jinjin Xin Xin Xing Xiao; and Pearl Trinity, May State. By the end of the reporting period, the national urban layout had increased to 75 cities. At the end of the reporting period, the company had 386 projects under construction, with a total planned area of 16,991 million square metres and an area of 7,045 million square metres to be developed.
During the reporting period, the company opened 12,750 square metres and completed 6.84 million square metres to optimize its capital and debt structure using low-cost financing advantages. The company has established long-term and stable partnerships with major financial institutions.
To date, corporate bank loans have been awarded at $329.7 billion, leaving an unspent balance of $192.5 billion, while the average financing cost for new corporate bank loans has been significantly lower than the average financing cost of 4.66 per cent.
The company has now largely developed a “one-key two-wing” business plate, based on real estate finance and community consumption. With regard to community-based consumer services, the company has fully organized its property management, sales agents, etc.
Among them, the Poly Property Management Corporation was growing rapidly, with the National Small and Medium Enterprises Stock Transfer System Ltd. receiving listing applications for the Poly Property Industry on 28 February 2017, and the Poly Property Industry acquiring a new three-board listing on 1 August, with a transfer starting on 29 August.
The share rose from 3.39 per cent at the end of the first quarter to 4.35 per cent at the end of the second quarter, ranking second-largest shareholder, with a strong increase in the country's ranks fully demonstrating the country's financial and intellectual growth, with capital confident in the company's future development.
China Light Industries and Chinese Crafts are integrated into the Polytechnic Group, and the US Corporation is expected to make a change of dividends. On August 21, the State Finance Committee issued a circular stating that China Light Industries Group, China Crafts Group, would be integrated into China’s Polytechnic Group as a fully-owned subsidiary of China.
The international trade business of light groups, the craft and fine arts business of Chinese crafts are expected to have synergies with the related business under the umbrella of the Pauly Group.
The company is a major real-estate development company, which has developed a business layout based on real-estate development, a "one-headed two-wing" based on real-estate finance and community consumption services. In the first half of the year, the company managed the market window, re-innovated its sales, and optimized its investment strategy.
In the next three to five years, the strategic opportunity of increasing industry concentration will be a strong indicator of the resource-making effect of the company as a big house. We expect the company's operating income from 2017-2019 to be a source of financial prosperity in the East.
The top 10 prizes (seventh place) for the excellent combination of the financial and intellectual growth of the East, and the Cheong Gang Award.
Dr. Leung Xiaocui. Joined East Hing Securities in 2015 to study the real estate sector, focusing on the transformation of the real estate sector and real estate finance.
China’s Academy of Social Sciences, Dr. Leung Xiaocui. Joined the East Hing Stock Exchange in 2015 to conduct research in the real estate sector, focusing on the transformation of the real estate industry and on the researchers’ own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.