Investing in the grid is expected to accelerate, with high growth of the full class of taps, research assistant Chai Ka Fai, and investment in the grid is expected to accelerate beyond expectations. Historically, investment in the grid has been boosted.
In addition, the power force of capital investment is expected to be more than anticipated this year, driven by the new official taking up office +135. The superhigh pressure is the focus of the build-up, following 18 years of approval of only 6 lines and the remaining 6 "2 straight lines" as of August 19
The 4th turn-up is to be approved quickly in 2020, and in March, the national network will issue a plan for its work on super-high pressure, with a detailed timeline, while three additional lines are expected to enter the pre-stage phase. On the whole, it is expected that this year's investment in the grid will be over 450 billion (a modest increase compared to the same level), and that it will be expected to be over-high-pressure investment.
Private companies with excellent front-line electrical equipment, with multiple products and two markets co-exist, are entering the harvest period. Thinking sources form four main product categories: switches, coils, incompetence compensation, smart equipment.
New points of growth in operational relays such as gis, capacitors, etc., where the 110 and 220kv high-pressure products are located, are well managed, quality stable, cost-controlled, in-house brands, traditional niches, arcs, breakers, sensors, etc., where the cities are stable, and are beginning to dominate the top three lines.
In 19 years, the number of Gis tenders for 110 and 220kv rose significantly, prices recovered, company gis orders increased significantly, Māori rates are expected to recover significantly, and 500kv reserves continue to grow. Meanwhile, the company’s out-of-grid outreach performance, which currently accounts for more than 50% of the total, is remarkable.
• Expeditious expansion of the overseas epc, targeting growth with hand orders. The power transmission and distribution engineering company was set up in September, with a 13-year master package, which, after several years of development, has yielded a great deal of results across the region and across Africa, to the new international airport in Islamabad, Pakistan, the 145kvgis master package project, Kenya.
Marked works, such as the 33kv-line master package project, which currently has more than 20 offshore pc projects, continue to be developed through endogenous, extended and accelerated new operations, with further M&As in large amounts of cash in hand. The company established the sechsa super-container company in Switzerland at an early stage, and set up the Shanghai ladder.
The rice automobile technology (55%) is in the mainstream system: 18 years of investment in the integrated circuit industry through Shanghai and China, and Beijing. It is estimated that more than 1 billion dollars are being spent on cash.
Since it was marketed in 2004, cagr has reached 26 per cent, well above the 11.5 per cent investment in the national network, with a net return of $570 million, representing a substantial increase of 94.7 per cent over the same period, and is targeted for high growth.
1.1. The product layout has grown and the integrated power supply has grown stronger in 27 years.
Power generation systems, non-service compensation devices, measuring and monitoring devices, electrical electronics, etc., electrical equipment, product layouts, and the start of overseas power engineering packages and extension of new product categories such as auto electronics superchargers, charge posts, etc.
Four major categories + engineering packages. So far, Ideas and Electrics have formed switches, coils, non-compensation, smart equipment, four major items of electrical equipment products, and overseas equipment exports and epc operations have started in 09 and are now becoming more rich and competitive. Corporate orders have continued to grow, and 19 years have been a year of product layout, with new orders signed throughout the year.
80.3 billion (excluding taxes), or 20 per cent more, were on hand orders of over 8 billion at the end of last year, of which the product group was estimated to be nearly 7 billion, operating well, generating more and more profits. In 19 years, the company reported fast revenues of 6.38 billion, a significant increase of 32.7 per cent compared to the previous year. In the context of the gradual slowdown in electricity network investment, the collection of cagr remained as high as 15.8 per cent.
Only 5.1 per cent of the total net return of companies to their mothers in 19 years, with a substantial 94.7 per cent increase in year-on-year profits, up to 17.8 per cent since market entry, participation in low-mori products, and a decline in the price of national Internet collections have put some pressure on Māori rates, but companies are expected to invest in electricity grids more than expected, and new products have kept pace with industry opportunities.
“New capital” pulls the power grid investment, and super-high-pressure construction accelerates. Historically, grid investment is the main power force for infrastructure.
During this period, national networks were significantly larger than planned, comparable to the current state of “new infrastructure.” New handsomes will be able to make a “stable gain” in their investment in the grid in the year that they took office +13.
But from the point of view of the new leadership’s assumption of office, the 13th Five-Year Resignation, and the recovery of the capital economy after the outbreak, we expect that investment in the national network will probably increase without a fall this year, with investment expected to reach 450-500 billion this year. The super-pressure is the focus of the extra-coded investment, which will accelerate this year.
Two directs and one directs two in the first half of 19 years, with a relatively blank period, have been approved for 20 years by the National Network, " Rapid approval for the start of construction in the Year: the National Network published in March a forward work plan for the 2020 priority grid project, which details the 2 directs5 approvals and start-up plans for this year, with the addition of 3 new lines to the pre-phase stage.
This year's ultra-high pressure total investment was over 100 billion and over 20 billion major equipment orders. Most of the “five-to-sevens” that were re-opened in September 18 will be approved in 2020, when we calculated that the “five-to-sevens” related to 42 billion major equipment orders, and projects approved in 20 years involved at least five exchange stations, four direct-flow stations, and the national network invested $100 billion + overall investment.
200 billion plus social investment of 500 billion plus, the main equipment order is expected to exceed 20 billion, and the core equipment orders for the five categories of reflux, gis and main transformer are 145-17 billion. The superhigh voltage-driven medium- and super-high-voltage transmission is also expected to add to the company.
With the need to move further to cities through 500kv, 220kv transformer power stations, the size of the investment in power plants that are expected to drive the station will also add to the company’s growth. 2020 is expected to be a year of electricity transfer investment.
The construction of grids, grids, etc., and the construction of super-high voltage will also boost the associated low- and medium-voltage transmission and network investments, and the power transmission sector is expected to rise upwards in 2020.
The old product condensed coils, circuit breakers, isolation switches, sensors, electroresistors, etc. were first released and placed in a secure position. Since the creation of the Department in 1993, the auto-reconciliation of the condensed condensed coils has begun, and by 2005 the arc circle + high voltage switches (breakers + isolation switches) + sensors, electroresist arrays.
In case of a pre-emptive advantage, the share in the national net collection is steady at the top three (NCN Interceptor 1, Dissipated Arc Circle 2, Isolated Switch 3) and higher in high voltage-grade products above 110kv.
Figure 10: The share of the National Net Collection - Isolated Switches 2019 The share of the capacitors, combined appliances, etc., has begun to show remarkable results, with 18% of the current national grid intake of capacitors being ranked first, 12% of the combined electrical intake being ranked top 3, second only to flat height and west, and over 1 billion yuan in 15 years of the Gis product collection.
More than 110kv Gis tenders have recovered, prices have improved, companies have a larger share of high voltage grade products, high voltage has led to orders expected to increase, and the Māori rate is expected to continue to rise. 19 countries have experienced a recovery in the grid high voltage level Gis tenders, and the winning price has improved and has had a positive impact on Māori rates. Structurally, the thought source Gis product is 110kv.
The above-mentioned high voltage grade has a larger share, and 500kv products are also being laid, with a higher Māori rate for high voltage grade products and a significant improvement in corporate profitability in 19 years. Twenty years of ultra-voltage investment has led to investment in high-voltage transmission equipment, and Gis bidding and gross interest rates are expected to pick up further, while the expansion of 500kv products is expected.
Since 09, the equipment has been deployed twice, and is now in the second echelon. In '09, the Shanghai Xin Hong Swe Automation Company was set up with a limited company, a coded relay and an intelligent transformer, and 18 years of smart equipment (the second device plus the oil chromatography online monitor) and a code transformer operation to further improve the layout. 18 years of acquisition of the Toshishi power transformer in Changzhou (later renamed Changzhou)
The high-pressure product layout capacitors, sensors, and the demand for 500kv, 220kv. The company’s ultra-high-pressure products include capacitors, sensors, etc., and the share of the direct-flux high-pressure is steady at the top of 2, while the high-pressure investment is also strong.
New energy svg is a domestic leader. Based on the company’s e-stats, the thinking source of new energy high-energy, low-pressure svg (dynamic incompensation) and apf (source filtering), svg
It is an important equipment to address the impact on the grid of incompetence currents and voltage fluctuations associated with new energy access, which is now the first and most powerful source-of-energy svg product in the country's wind market, where, with the increase in the number of new energy installations and grids, investment in low- and medium-voltage transmissions and distributions led by superhigh-voltage construction in 2020 is expected to be more than anticipated overall.
The offshore epc project breaks out, the overseas epc accelerates expansion, locks up the growth of hand orders. The company created the transmission and distribution engineering company in September, gained 13 years of total package quality, developed product layouts and improved corporate resolution capabilities, and has been on the ground for several years.
All the way to and from Africa, with fruitful results, we have obtained landmark works such as the 145kvgis master package at the new international airport in Islamabad, Pakistan, the 33kv-line master package project in Kenya, and the 161kv-line master package project in Ghana.
New businesses are growing faster, and there is still the possibility of further expansion, and there is still room for imagination in large amounts of cash through in- and out-of-the-life growth. The company’s early establishment of the sechsa SuperCorption Company in Switzerland and the Shanghai Trailer Automobile Technology (55%) have all entered the mainstream.
The system of supply of mobile cars: 18 years of investment in the integrated circuit industry through Shanghai condolence and Beijing Jung is investing in the integrated circuit industry, stock-sharing semiconductor, Shanghai land core electronics, etc., and growing new business. The 1903 company has cash in excess of 1 billion and is still closing down, the company is a core supplier of domestic electricity equipment, the electricity network is expected to invest more than expected in 2020, and the company's electricity equipment is expected to grow.
The product layout is in the harvest period, with a stable share of ultra-high pressure products, which are expected to benefit from high-profile investments in grids and super-high-pressure investments: while new operations such as epc and auto electronics are growing overseas, there is still room for further expansion in the future. With new operations such as gis under false pretences, switches maintain a growth rate of 15-30%; and coil products, non-compensation, are stable.
Investing in the grid has fallen short of expectations, new business has not expanded as expected, the global economy has gone down, the overseas epc project is progressing, and Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been in possession of the Securities Investment Advisory Board.