Central Science and Light (603019) Computers have continued to increase profitability, and the core of the IT strategy has accelerated progress towards the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Summary of performance: in 2020, companies achieved business income of $10.16 billion, an increase of 6.7 per cent in the same year; net profit of $820 million for mothers, an increase of 38.5 per cent in the same year; non-net profit of $530 million for mothers' deductions, a significant increase in the same year's income of q4 q4 q4 q4 = a modest increase, with a sustained increase in net profit levels.
The impact of external factors, such as the epidemic and the list of entities, has led to a significant slowdown in corporate revenue growth in the first half of 2020, and an acceleration in the fourth quarter of the year ' s recovery, which has led to a small increase in revenue throughout the year. In operational terms, high-performance computers, storage products, software development, system integration and technical services have generated revenues of $8.05 billion, $1 billion, etc.
11.100 million yuan, a small increase in the same year. 2) In terms of profits: in 2020, the net return of companies to their mothers increased by 38.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and net profits grew at a much higher rate than the growth rate, mainly because of the fact that companies continued to grow upwards since 2019, with sales at 4.0 per cent, a decrease of 0.8 pp per year; and management costs at 2.2 per cent, a decrease in the same year.
Companies continue to increase their investment in R & D, and the complete layout of the whole industry chain is gradually being achieved. In 2020, companies were granted 82 new patents, 49 of which were patented and 9 of which were useful, further consolidating the firm’s capture of the development goals of the core technological system and enhancing the firm’s core competitiveness. The company was listed by the United States as an entity.
The list has had a certain impact on operations, with companies actively and effectively communicating with major suppliers by overhauling the supply chain, looking for alternatives, and effectively securing the supply of most raw materials. The Department is uniquely placed on the national cpu server under trade friction between the United States and the United States and continues to expand upstream and downstream production.
Business chain cooperation, actively explored in the area of segmentation, achieved the complete layout of the entire industry chain through a variety of stakeholders, such as sealight (a company holding 32.1% of the shares, with a gain of $1.02 billion in 2020), dragon cores, and cold martial arts. Companies continue to scale up their research and development efforts on production servers based in countries such as dragon cores to ensure the highest degree of high performance computing.
Central Science Dawn (603019): Performance met expectations, domestic server business accelerated by $0.94 and net profit compound growth remained around 18% for the next three years.
Core assets, sea light chips, faced with mass production window periods and thus contributing to profit elasticity, while companies are expected to accelerate their progress in urban creation (2020-08-16) cloud and storage progress to the core of their infrastructure.
Assumption 1: The share of high-performance computer operations is relatively stable. The company ' s chip raw materials are in short supply, resulting in a slowdown in business growth of 2019; the physical inventory effects were eliminated in 2020, but the impact of the epidemic has not increased significantly. With the growth in capital spending on the North American cloud computing giants and the application of 5 g, we expect the server industry to rise.
Assumption 2: based on idc data, affected by the epidemic, the size of the domestic external storage market at the enterprise level slipped considerably in the first half of the year, and warming gradually in the second half, reaching $1.7 billion in the fourth quarter of 2020, an increase of 28.0% over the same period last year;
China’s external storage market recovered rapidly after 2020q2 and grew by 17.5% throughout 2020 compared to the same period the previous year. The company’s first line of domestic manufacturers in the storage market is expected to outpace the industry’s growth rate in the future.
The company’s software development, system integration, and technology services operations consist mainly of high-end computer software systems, urban cloud computing services, and so on. In this, high-end computer software systems grow with high-end computers; the company’s urban cloud is growing well. We expect the company’s revenue to be stable at around 10 per cent over the next three years.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.