On April 11, China launched its annual report, which generated $10,161 million in 2020, an increase of 6.66 per cent.
Realization of net return to the mother, 822 million yuan, or 38.53 per cent more than the previous year; net loss to the non-retrofits to the mother, 526 million yuan, or 36.58 per cent more than the previous year; and a steady growth in focus on core R & D operations and a significant improvement in the quality of lean management operations
In terms of operational performance: continuously increasing R & D inputs. Breaking through core technical difficulties ensures robust development. In terms of income structure....In 2020, China’s high-end computer revenues reached $8,048 million, an increase of 7.25 per cent, and 80 per cent, respectively; storage product revenues of $1,002 million, an increase of 4.17 per cent, and software development, system integration and technology services revenues.
In the context of the national innovation-driven development strategy, the company has steadily developed its operations around its main business and investment in large technology and product research and development. Of this, business-oriented revenues have reached $5,220 million. In terms of financial performance: good cost control has led to a significant improvement in financial quality.
Management, sales, management, financial costs have fallen by 11.17 per cent, 2.17 per cent, 88.75 per cent, respectively, and the three fee rate is no longer attributable to interest expenditure. Overall R & D investment amounted to $940 million, an increase of 2.1 per cent, or 9.25 per cent.
There is a clear trend towards national substitution of core products, involving cloud computing to increase competitiveness, and a steady growth of core operations such as high-end computers, storage, etc., with broad prospects. Thanks to national policies such as the 14th Five-Year Plan, and changes in the international situation, China’s high-end computer and storage operations grew by 7.25% and 4.17%, respectively, and in the same country.
At the same time, high-end computers are the core equipment needed to provide computing services, data services, artificial intelligence computing services in the cloud computing age. Twenty years of firm effort to develop cloud computing, big data, etc.
Millions of dollars, an increase of 54.7% in the same year, have been added to the market by the subsidiaries of the country, China and China are expanding their ecology, and information about the sea and sea light is on the board.
Light Information 32.10% shares and indirectly owns 70% shares in dawn. Sealight information products are part of the server core, key component cpu, with two advantages: performance and eco-efficiency of x86; dawn numbers are focused on data centre areas, and form a solution for the efficient cooling of data centres. Both companies have significant synergies with their parent companies.
In the case of China, China is making a productive ecological partnership. 1. [People's computers], China is paying 20h1 centimeters: cutting off non-net profits at a sharper rate, and the subsidiaries are gaining.
In the 19th year of the report (603019), it is reported that the sealight is profitable and the 21-year pe is 46 times the equivalent of the overall business expectations.
In 2019, he joined the Institute of Private Securities and a Master of Financial Sciences at Shanghai University of Foreign Economics and Trade.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.