The basics of business are at a turning point, smart drivers open up new and growing spaces for car electronics, and continue to open up domestic and foreign markets, and client cooperation projects are ongoing. The company is a Chinese car electronic leader, leading brand.
The company continues to expand its domestic and foreign markets, and new cooperative projects with new and old clients, including one-bang, upper gas, Gilly, Chang An, Toyota, Sky, Chirre, etc.
• Smart cockpit penetration is expected to increase, corporate products are clearly competitive in the country; the automobile industry is in a period of change, power and intelligence drive, new energy car penetration is rising; traditional car companies are changing, there is an increased demand for smart cockpits, and there is hope for further intelligent cockpit penetration.
As smart cockpit products evolve, the company acts as the electronic leader of our cabin, and the products have a clear competitive advantage in terms of value for money, technology, customer structure, channels, etc.
With the gradual implementation of the country’s medium- and long-term development plan for the automobile industry, the adas industry has entered a period of rapid growth. Today, the auto-drives at the level of the L1&l2 auxiliary driving have been produced; in the future, the industry has shifted to the development of products at the level of 193 and above.
● Transferred from t-box to car networking, with clear advantages and wide scope for growth.
t-box is an important part of road coordination. The company started its car-networking business in 2017; according to the company's announcement of investors' research, the company has now acquired a car-networking platform, ota, etc. of its clients, and there is much room for future growth.
The semi-annual report is under pressure, and the company is actively exploring the domestic and foreign world. The annual report's performance is up to expectations.
The triple drivers of consumer upgrading, national production substitution and globalization, the new phase of car electron taps, and the continued expansion of domestic and international markets
1.1. Major changes in the strategy for automobile electronics: from “international localization” to “local internationalization” Desai Siwei began with the establishment of the Central European Electronics Industry Company (CEI) Ltd., a joint venture between China and China, which was transformed into a domestic firm, listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in 2017 and focused on motor electronics for more than three decades.
In 1998-99, Germany acquired the Philips car sound system and Hong Kong gold mountain shares. In 2001, Germany acquired Siemens.
In 2002, 30% of the shares held by the General Department of Industrial Development of Huixiang were transferred to Desai Industrial Development Ltd. In 2010, the Desai Group successfully acquired all the shares that had been released and the company has since been transformed into a domestic enterprise. In 2017, the company was officially present.
The company has for more than 30 years focused on the technology, experience and household accumulation of automobile electronics, working on the integration of people, machines and lifestyles, providing innovative, intelligent product solutions for smart cabins, intelligent driving and network services.
Figure 1: The history of the company follows G. Mannes Manwell, Germany.
Theo's buying Hong Kong gold, giving Desai's company a stake in the mountain.
Desai Industries, on the midboard, Mannes Manwell, Germany.
The Dixie Group has succeeded in taking Dior into the main Philips, the German Siemens.
Buy all the shares of the outsiders, the car sound system, Mannes Manwedio.
According to the company, in the third quarter of 2019, the company’s municipal capital committee held 51 per cent of the ownership of the Tesai Group and was the actual controller of the company.
Since its establishment, the company has been specialized in the design, production and marketing of electronic automobile products, covering the entire area of the original factory and after-sales services, the main product being the Car-borne Information and Recreation System, and the vehicle.
In recent years, the world’s major car market has entered a period of low and even negative growth, with automobile manufacturers facing a slowdown in demand for new vehicles, smart drivers, smart cockpits, car connections, etc., becoming a new breakthrough for fast-growing car electronics. In this context, companies are determined to push for “smart”
In terms of customer strategy, the company adheres to a “local internationalization” strategy, based in China, upgrading its technological capabilities, broadening its product lines and industrial chains, while relying on overseas companies to open markets and actively seek convergence.
Partner support to capture cutting-edge technology in the automotive electronics industry, to improve the capacity of globalized products and services across the board, and to achieve home-grown and overseas balanced development strategies.
1.2. Sustained expansion of domestic and foreign markets, with growing customers, electronic cabin products cover a number of well-known domestic and foreign producers.
Mass groups, Volvos, Upper General Motors, Upper General Mitsubishi, etc.; Japanese clients include, among others, Maedeta, Chang-Ammad al-Ameda, Motaka, Toyota East, Toyota Hiro, etc.; and home-owned branded car factories, which consist mainly of a wide range of cars, Jili cars, Walle cars, Upper Car Group, Chiría cars, Changan cars, Biadi, etc.
In 2017 and 2018, a crowd contributed to the company’s operating income.
Co-financing of 40 per cent for Fuo, 45 per cent for Dessahwei, 5 per cent for investment, 10 per cent for SMP, as a result of a single investment, a concerted action agreement with Fuo, a joint venture in which Fuo is the controlling shareholder, will focus primarily on intelligence.
In addition, the parties are planning to establish a joint venture, Jv2, controlled by Dessauvres, to produce electronic core parts for the joint venture. The company hopes to strengthen business with its clients, such as a gas group, through the establishment of a joint venture with Foo and a steam investment.
It helps companies to establish long-term and stable partnerships with their clients, such as the One Stewardship Group, to advance the development of Desaiway products, to improve the efficiency of the company's new projects, and to complement their strengths by working with Fuo, who, for many years in the automotive and electronics industry, has been able to make up for Fuio's shortcomings in car and electronics, and Fuo can help.
Table 2: The equity structure of the joint venture, which invests in solar and European clients, has made significant progress in working with Toyota.
In October 2018, the company became the first Chinese motor electronic supplier to walk into the Toyota Technical Museum to conduct a technology exchange, and was praised by Toyota for laying a good foundation for full access to the Toyota system; in 2019, the company succeeded in securing a new platform for Toyota.
On the European market, German clients were the first companies to open up the European market. In 2018, the company obtained a new global order for a mass group vehicle, successfully acquired 100% of the shares of the German company, Atbb, in March 2019, in product line expansion, new technology development and European customers.
In the global automobile electronics market, the continent, Wei Weibo, Delfort,
In the domestic automobile electronics market, Desai Weiwei is the leading company, facing competition from unlisted firms such as the Huayang Group, Lusunco Technology, Sotsim and the Guangdong Group, among others.
Companies invest far more in R & D than other competing firms, and strong R & D capabilities strengthen firms’ competitive position in the market. Automobile electronics is a typical technology-intensive industry, and mastering advanced technology is one of the most important factors in the market’s heights. Companies have dipped deeply into the auto electronics industry for more than three decades, giving high priority to autonomous R & D and innovation capabilities.
Hundreds of patents are now in possession of vehicle-mounted electronic operating system design, single chip multisystem processing technology, vehicle-mounted screen optical technology, driver information application algorithms, vehicle-borne Ethernet development technology, visual and radar perception technology, vehicle motion planning algorithms, vehicle movement control algorithms, big data analysis and application technology, network security
In the first three quarters, the R&D investment was 464 million yuan, more than twice the cost of the HWSG, and far ahead of the R&D and Soskin shares. In terms of R&D rates, the R&D costs in the first three quarters of Texas in 2019 were 13.09%, which is significantly higher than the HWSG and Lusting Technologies, although slightly lower than the Soskin shares.
But given the fact that the company as a whole is far ahead of Solithin’s shares, it is still not able to invest in R & D as compared to Desai Siwei. In a situation where low demand in the downstream car market places greater pressure on performance, companies are still raising their R & D rates, reflecting fully the importance they attach to autonomous R & D and innovation capabilities, and strong R & D capabilities.
The firm’s competitive edge in the market continues to be consolidated. R&D costs are compared (in billions of dollars).
Compared to the company’s revenue from automobile electronics, Desaixive’s car electronics camp in 2014 was close to the Hwayang group, then opened the gap between the Hwayang group and was well ahead of Luthor Technology and Sokin’s shares. In the first half of 2019, Dsai Siwei earned 2,271 million yuan in automobile electronics.
The HWAYON Group achieved revenues of $1,013 million, Lustwig Technology $304 million, and Soskin shares $377 million, reflecting the strong competitiveness of Desai Weiwei in the domestic car electronics market. The company’s car electronics plate, Māori, led by the company’s car electronics plate, added up to its far-flung collection scale, and car electronics board.
In terms of the profitability of automobile e-business, the Māori ratio of automobile e-business in several major firms has been declining in recent years, while the decline in Desai Siwi has been smaller. In the first half of 2019, in the auto e-business section, the Māori ratio in Desai Wei was 22.08%, and in the Huayang Group Māori.
The rate is 21.36%, the rate is 10.63%, and the rate is 17.56%. The interest rate is slightly higher than that of the Westwich Group.
Companies are more profitable than their peers. Given the company’s overall profitability, the net profits from the downstream car market have fallen into a negative space, as has the net profits from both smooth technology and the shares of Softin in the first three quarters of 2019.
The net profit of Doddserswig is still $143 million, with a net profit rate of 4.03 per cent, and is ahead of the net profit of $68 million and the net profit rate of 2.79 per cent achieved by the Huoyang Group over the same period, reflecting the strong profitability of the Department as a whole.
2. The penetration rate of the smart cockpit is expected to increase, with company products competing at home 2.1, the trend towards “new quadrupling” of cars has evolved in recent years, with cars “new quadrupling” (electricization, intelligence, network integration, sharing) moving fast, rows
With the multiple advantages of increasing vehicle efficiency, simple construction, and green environment, countries continue to drive car electricization. According to the first electric network data, car efficiency is much higher in v. fcv than fuel.
Automobile,ev,fcv vehicles replace "Chemical energy-electric energy-mechanical energy" with "Chemical energy-thermal energy-mechanical energy" energy conversion methods, with combined efficiency increases of 14% and 15% compared to normal fuel vehicles, respectively, and will continue to widen the gap between normal fuel vehicles in the future as new energy systems become more efficient.
Auto-electricization will reduce parts and components by one third compared to conventional fuel trucks, and a simplified construction will result in lower costs, greater operators, and larger internal and external beauty spaces. Moreover, atmospheric pollution, global warming, and the rapid decline of the Earth’s oil resources, the energy crisis is now a major concern, and auto-electricization is a good solution.
According to McKinsey's research, domestic car consumers are more interested in connectivity than in the European and American markets, and 69% of Chinese car consumers say they are interested in connectivity.
In recent years, with rapid developments in the areas of 5g, big data analysis, artificial intelligence, basic hardware, etc., we have been wise.
Electrodynamics, intelligence, and web connectivity have developed together, bringing about changes in shared consumption patterns. With unmanned technologies at the level of 1-4 on the ground, smart Internet cars will continue to grow as a travelling tool, and we believe that there are individuals.
The need for cars will be reduced, and car sharing will become a new wave. According to McKinsey, in 2018, the total number of order orders on the Chinese Internet was about 10 billion, and the size of the entire market on the Internet has reached 200 billion.
Intelligent technology drives the upgrading of smart cockpit products. Intelligent technology drives the upgrading of smart cockpits. We believe that in the future car smart cockpits will be upgraded.
The main upgrades are expected to be: 1) multiscreen integration, 1 core multiscreen; 2) integration into voice interaction and gesture control; 3) adas, ai, ar key interfaces; 4) increased driving efficiency; 5) redefinition of human experience; and 6) demonstration of cabin value.
The company’s smart cockpit products are ordered for new projects. The company’s smart cockpit products combine systems such as car-borne information and entertainment systems, driving information display systems, air conditioning controllers, body control, communication modules, etc.
Creates a human-centred smart travel space that provides intelligent care and efficient and safe resolution programs based on auto-driving classes. According to company announcements and investor research reports, the company launched an intelligent cockpit profile in 2017, followed by successive design programmes that acquired cars and homes, long-shelter cars and sky-scrapers in 2018.
In 2019, the company’s smart cockpit product was matched to its car and home, and a new project order was made. The first four-screen interactive smart drive product based on the international lead chip – 820a – is about to be matched to the ideal one-size-fits-all model of a car.
There is a clear competitive advantage in terms of value for money, technology, customer structure, channels, etc. 2.3, car intelligence leads to an increase in the demand for smart cockpit, which is expected to increase continuously and is expected to outperform 30% by 2020.
Data from the study on the state of operations and trends in the smart cockpit industry in China, 2018-2024, released on enquiry, show that in 2016 the number of new energy vehicles in China was 507,000, with a projected breakthrough of 2.8 million vehicles in 2020, with a recovery rate of 45 per cent, and that the rate of penetration of new energy sources, driven by national policies, is increasing and is expected to reach 8 per cent.
Benefiting from the high degree of electronicization of new energy vehicles, the transformation of traditional automobiles, the rising electronic input of cars, the increasing demand for intelligent cockpits, the promise of a smart cockpit in a new-energy cycling, and the expected increasing penetration of smart cockpits, conservatively projected to reach 30% by 2020, according to the IR advisory report.
Smart cockpit penetration is expected to continue to rise, 3 and adas are entering a fast-growing period, some of the company's products are in the mass production phase 3.1, global adas penetration is low, and future industry space is huge
According to the Terms and Definitions of the Advanced Driving Auxiliary System for Road Vehicles (adas), adas means, inter alia, that the driver is monitored by means of sensors, communications, decision-making and execution devices installed on the vehicle, the vehicle and its driving environment and is assisted by means of images, lights, sound, tactile alerts/warnings or controls.
The internal penetration rate of the adas is still low and will continue to increase in the future. According to the Gestapo Automobile Institute, the penetration rate of our adas in the current segment is 2-5% and is still in the early stages, but from the movements of the large parts and components.
See, the market penetration of adas is increasing rapidly, as in the case of the World's 122-class driving support system, which will be equipped with 40 cars this year. The adas function was introduced only in some high-end models, and now, as technology matures, more and more of the adas function is self-adapted to cruises, auto brakes, road deviations, etc.
According to qyresearch statistics, the size of the domestic market is now around 20 billion yuan, with compound growth of more than 37% in the next five years.
The country’s medium- and long-term development plan for the automobile industry is gradually being implemented, and the adas sector is entering a period of rapid growth.
3.2. Adas-related products are gradually moving towards volume production, opening up space for future growth of operations, and our 1&l2 level auto-drivers have achieved volume production and the industry has moved to product development above level 1.3. Auto-driving vehicles, also known as unmanned vehicles, cover a wide range of front-line technologies, including millimetre-wave radars, lasers, lasers, etc.
gps, mileometers, computer visuals, etc.. Currently, autopilot technologies are classified into six levels according to current international standards, and several companies, such as Google, Tesla, Audi, urber, 100 degrees, are currently able to operate automatically at level 1.3, most of which are still on auxiliary driving. According to CarCoops, the domestic market is currently available.
Autopilots on-loaded vehicles are mostly at the level of 1 1 or 12, and even firms call their own technology 12.5. With technological upgrading, cars are no longer satisfied with widespread use at the level of 122, and not much of them have been able to achieve autopilot at the level of 1.3.
In the area of adas, the company ' s autonomous 360-degree high-scope, fully automated parking, driver behaviour surveillance and identification systems have been produced; according to the company ' s announcement of 4 December 2019, the investor ' s research history has been achieved.
To show, 24gmm wave radar is scheduled to be produced in 2019, 77g mm wave radar is expected to be produced in 2019, and millimetre wave radar products are expected to grow in the future. The 360-degree high clairvoyant system, developed autonomously by the company, is expected to increase.
It's like a three-dimensional landscape model that allows users to feel the full 3d model and the full angle of safety provided by the no-restalgic vision. It's now in production, mainly for cars like Gilly and Chirre. According to the Automotive House data, in 2019, China's car market was full of 27.09% per cent per se.
There is still much room for increasing the penetration of low- and medium-end vehicles, and there is still much room for increasing the fit-out of corporate products. There is still much room for increasing the penetration of automated parking systems.
According to data from ggai, the proportion of automatic parking types on board a new vehicle in 2018 was approximately 19.59%, and market penetration (new vehicles on board the function) was only 8.69% and there is still much room for improvement in the future.
4. Cut-off from t-box into the car network is a significant first advantage, with a wide range of 4.1, t-box into the car network, and a significant first advantage v2x as a communication technology allowing connections between automobiles and infrastructure.
The advantage of this is that: 1) you can sense the driver's view. Through technology integration, you can share information with people, roads, backstages, etc. to make cars safe and comfortable for efficient driving. It uses wireless radio frequency recognition techniques (rfid), sensors, cameras, etc. on vehicles to get rid of vehicles, system mode of operation.
(b) Information on the state and surrounding road environment, with the help of gps positioning to obtain information on the location of the vehicle and the transfer of this information to the end-to-end through d2d technology, followed by information sharing throughout the vehicle network system; (ii) reduced full vehicle costs. (v2x can reduce sensor applications in the vehicle and reduce vehicle energy consumption at the full vehicle cost;)
Reduction of the pressure on autopilot chip calculations. Multi-access margin calculations (mec) can be used to relieve the pressure on chip calculations through v2x techniques. v2x functions are generally divided into: 1)v2p (car-walker communication): primarily to secure pedestrians and non-aerials
Vehicle safety functions; 2) v2v (car-car communications): exchange of information between vehicles; 3) v2r (car-side unit communications): development programmes through millimetre-wave radars and cameras, aiding high-precision maps and cloud cover support. The main components are two scenarios, the first being highways and the second being urban roads;
4) v2i (communication between vehicle and surface infrastructure): exchange of data between vehicle and road and roadside infrastructure; 5) v2n (communication between vehicle and network): connect vehicles to cloud-end servers via mobile networks.
1) An interactive human traffic control system with screens to view the speed of the vehicle, signal connection state, distance from target rsu/obu, current alert information display 2) a networked road control module to be used for integrated and coordinated control of the intelligent traffic side system
3) Car Networked Smart Vehicle Communication Terminal, 4) Smart antenna integrated with t-box technology to support complete dsrc/lte-vwave software solutions, integrated smartphone connection application
5) Car-connected smart side-way communication terminals, which can be deployed in a seamless outdoors solution via dsrc/lte-vwave, integrated into high-precision gnss, bluetooth communications, with a high power of 802.11p wireless transmission.
t-box is an embedded system installed on vehicles to control the tracking of cars, used mainly for communication between vehicles and the platform of the Car Networking Service, which is based on strict requirements for reliability, work temperature, resistance to interference, etc., by means of remote wireless communication, gps satellite positioning, six axes g-sensor, plus
Speed sensors and can communications functions, with deep access to car con data and private agreements, and the transfer of instructions and information, providing vehicles with remote monitoring and control, security monitoring and alerting, remote diagnosis, etc., a wide range of networking applications. t-box can be divided into front and back-loading, with preloads mainly t-box manufacturers passing through oem.
Providing relevant services directly linked to the car production bus (i.e. connecting field equipment (sensor, implementer, controller, etc.) in the manufacturing plant, broadcasting-oriented chain bus systems, which are guaranteed to provide complete power supply design and reliability.
It can replace the obd device (a detection system extended for auto failure diagnosis). t-box technology's future evolution 1) The integration of t-box with in-car gateways becomes the main trend.
2) t-box will preset the Ethernet interface 3) t-box will integrate the gyroscope 4) smart antennas in combination with t-box technology
5) t-box security will receive further attention, including in-car security, network security and data security 6) ota upgrade to label 4.2, car network market growth space
Several heavy-pound policies have issued clear lines for the development of domestic car networks. Several heavy-pound policies, such as China Manufacturing 2025, the Three-Year Action Plan for the Development of a New Generation of Artificial Smart Industries (2018-2020), the Smart Car Innovation Development Strategy (a call for comments), and the Car Networking (Smart Networking Automobile) Industrial Development Action Plan, have been put in place intensively.
In particular, on 27 December 2018, the Ministry of Information and Technology issued the Action Plan for the Development of the Industry of Car Networking (Intelligent Networked Automobiles) with the goal of reaching more than 30% penetration by 2020, 30% capacity of new driver support systems (l2) and networking.
The size of China's car network market is expected to reach a quarter of the global market in 2025. According to the National Center for Industrial Information Security and Development Research, "Imagine fission of the auto industry - Chinese automobile industry and new generation information "
The Technology Integration Development Report (2019) shows that the size of the country ' s vehicle network market reached $11.4 billion in 2017, preliminary estimates reached $16.69 billion in 2018 and is expected to reach $216.2 billion in 2025, and is expected to reach 50 per cent or more penetration of the future smart network car market.
By 31.1 per cent, China ' s branded smart network has a new vehicle penetration rate of 35.3 per cent, while in 2020 the smart network will have a penetration rate of 51.6 per cent, of which 47.0 per cent were digitalized in 2018, 42.7 per cent were networked with digital production equipment, and equipment data were automatically collected and uploaded to cloud platforms.
The percentage is 23.5%, and in 2018 the rate of digitalization of the automobile industry is expected to increase dramatically.
The size of the vehicle t-box market is enormous. According to a South industry study, in January-May 2018, the build-up rate of preloaded vehicles, including fuel and new energy vehicles, reached 33.96 per cent, a cumulative increase of 6.66 per cent over the same period in 2017 and is expected to be on the market size of the t-box terminal in 2020.
Amounted to $8.8 billion; host plant attitudes were also more positive, with a 4.03 per cent increase over the year in the number of car-borne models. 6.13 million assigned amounts were installed in the pre-car-box market in China in 2018; and t-box sets were installed in January-April 2019, with an annual compound increase of about 18.23 per cent.
In 2018, China ' s vehicle-box sector market was 37.80 billion yuan. It is expected to reach 8.8 billion yuan in 2020, with an annual compound growth rate of 52.58%.
The automobile industry is running out of stock; car penetration and adas are not moving as fast as expected