On the 20th of March, 2020, the Smart Net Union's rare goal was to continue to break through and climb to its peak.
Desai was released from Central European electronics, injected with German cultural factors, and held by the State Finance Committee of the City of now-Heju. Three major product modules: boxing smart cabin (97% +), strategic business smart driving + network service. Core business model: demand for connection between pure software and the mainframe plant is in the middle.
The core competitiveness: increasing investment in research and development (R & D) Construction of technical barriers and ensuring good manufacturing processes and cost-control capabilities.
Intelligent cabin business: Accelerator replacement + one-core multiscreen upgrade, full-scale upscaling, technological advances drive smart cabins up the price of bicycles along mechanization-electronicization-intellectual upgrading. Consumers are willing to pay for safety and recreation claims to push the mainframe plant to improve its intelligence.
The size of the global market is projected to be $39.6 billion by 2020. We expect a ratio of 46.4%/34.4% for vehicle-borne information and entertainment systems and driving information systems.
The central growth logic of Desai's smart cabin business: 1) with technology + costs + customers
The advantage is to accelerate the replacement of a car-borne entertainment system, to phase out the tail rivals, and the market is expected to continue to rise. 2) One core multiscreen blend, controlled by distributed discrete controls to the airspace, is the most important upgrade of the smart cabin at the moment, and the downstream mainframe is still developing its own research and development capabilities.
In the Bureau, the high reliance on first-tier suppliers in the short to medium term provides a good time window for Desai to grow.  Strategic business: When the adas product is released, the car network platform actively promotes security claims, the adas driver/identifier/reverse support function penetration rate is in progress
Fast-up phase. Especially low- and medium-end vehicles of less than $150,000. We expect domestic passenger vehicles to reach high speed and long-term. Desai set up a special adas facility in 2016, 360 degrees.
In the next three years, a new profit point will be created. 5g Commercialization + 11 ministries have a joint policy to promote smart cars. V2x car networking applications are accelerating. In Desai, in 2018, a specialized car networking unit was established, and t-box +v2x+ car networking platforms were gradually commercialized.
Desai is an excellent car with a German cultural component, the State Treasury of Hyeju City. The company's product is divided into three modules: a smart cabin for boxing products (over 97%), and a strategic industry.
The company’s core business model lies in the demand for the connection between pure software and the mainframe, its middle-level role, and its ability to integrate hardware and software. The firm’s core competitiveness lies in continuously increasing barriers to R & D inputs and ensuring good manufacturing processes and cost control.
With the rapid upgrading, the company has reached a rapid and long-term rate of revenue, rising from $1.8 billion to $6 billion, with net profits dating back to the development of a high-quality car electronics company with a German gene, Central European Electronics Industries Ltd., in Philip, the Netherlands, and Golden Hills, Hong Kong.
Founded in 1986 under a tripartite collision between Hyeju Industrial Development Corporation, a producer focused on car sound systems, the predecessor of Desaixivet. In 1998, Manes Manwideo, Germany, entered the lead Philips car sound system, bringing German cultural factors to Central European electronics.
In 2010, Desai formally announced the successful acquisition of all shares of the outside side, and set up a Dexai company that had built up and held full ownership of Westman Wiedeo's technical products, which was officially launched in December 2017.
City. At present, the actual controlling person is the National Council of the People ' s Government of Huixiang City, with the first largest shareholder holding 58.3 per cent of the shares, with the exception of the parent company, the company ' s main controlling subsidiary is as follows: 1) Desai Institute of Smart Traffic Technology, 100 per cent of the holdings, established in 2018, with a central focus on advanced technology R & D management. 2) Urban card frog technology, 75 per cent of the holdings
The unit, established in 2018, is focused on attracting local research and development talent to the vehicle network business, and on moving the vehicle network strategy forward as soon as possible. The core objective is to develop and service local customers and attract excellence from local and neighbouring countries, and Singapore Branch has assumed the role of a front-loading technology R&D and product R&D, and has set up a dedicated autopilot team in Singapore.
1.2. Ongoing research and development (R & D) investment in expanding product categories The products of the company are divided into three main modules: 1) Smart cabins; (2) Smart driving; (3) Network services. 1) is the public domain ' s current boxing product, which accounts for more than 97 per cent of business income, and (2) +3) is the company ' s priority strategic business once it is on the market.
Smart cabin operations can be divided into the following four categories according to the company ' s annual report: 1) Carborne Entertainment System, e.g. radio/cd receiver/ colour screen receiver, etc. 2) Carborne Information System, e.g. vehicle-mounted navigation system, etc. 3) Carborne air conditioning controls, e.g. manual/electric air conditioning controller/back row air conditioning controller, etc. 4) Driving information display systems, e.g.
Car mechanics/electronics/LCDs. And future smart cabin products are integrated: car-borne information and entertainment systems, driving information display systems, air-conditioning controllers, body control, communication modules, etc., to create people-centred intelligent travel spaces that provide intelligent care and efficient and safe solutions based on autopilot levels.
G6 products received orders for new projects in 2018 for cars and homes, long-anne cars and skycars, and production started in 2019. Smart driving: A specialized smart driving support unit was set up in 2016. Resources have been invested in all areas of perception, decision-making, control.
Emergency brakes, blind area monitoring, low-speed mobile object detection, pedestrian identification, etc.. This has now reached the target of production: 360-degree high clairvoy system, fully automated parking system, driver behaviour monitoring and identification system, t-box products, 24g/77g mm wave radar.
Network services: In 2018, the company officially set up a car-networked business unit and established a professional research and development team. The company has signed cooperation agreements with a number of companies, such as 100 degrees, tweets, and has obtained a new, steam-public project order.
The company’s core business model: 1) the middle-level role, the demand for the connection between pure software and the mainframe plant. 2) Software is integrated with hardware, and electromechanical integration. The advantage of the Desai business model between traditional parts and computer software companies is, on the one hand, to maintain a close relationship with the downstream mainframe, based on the engine business, to know where the demand is and can do it.
Quality control of the manufacturing process. On the other hand, the advantage is that a combination of electromechanical and electromechanical is capable of both hardware and software design. Corporate core competitiveness: 1) the power of continuous R & D inputs and research results. 2) quality and cost control of the manufacturing process.
The share of operating income increased from 7.6 per cent to 9.7 per cent, and the proportion of inputs into car parts and components was the highest. 22 items of core technology were developed autonomously according to the company ' s offer statement, including: 1) operating system design technology in line with vehicle-borne information entertainment equipment, 2) hardware design technology in line with vehicle-borne standards, 3) vehicle-borne operating systems
Rapid start-up technology, 4) radio frequency technology, 5) cellular interconnectivity technology, 6) human machine interactive technology, 7) sound effects processing technology, 8) remote interactive technology, 9) multi-model navigation satellite positioning module design technology, 10) vehicle audio processing technology based on gps voice guidance, 11) vehicle navigation instrument integration into a full-scope reverse system, 12) high performance language
Sound recognition and touch screen vehicle-mounted navigation technology, 13) Electric car battery thermal management system and electro-controlled compressor control technology, 14) a power outlet method for car sound single-fibre machines and their perimeter circuit equipment, 15) bus bus technology, 16) Development of a new generation of vehicle digital instrumentation control systems and auto simulation technology, 17) slope control method, 18) North
(ii) Multi-area automatic air-conditioning control design technology, (22) air quality detection and air-processing technology. 11 projects in the research phase, including 1) infrared night vision demo, 2) android
Operating system, 3) smart reverse camera (rvc), 4) double operating system, 5) wificarplay, 6) rd01 platform project, 7) ar0143 small dimensions hd, 8) eastoneadas, 9) Automated parking loop system, 10) multi-purpose, high clave viewing platform, 11) high larking camera.
The company has demonstrated further international recognition of its R & D level through the international certification of the aspicecl2.
This has been widely used in the European automobile industry to improve R & D processes and to evaluate the R & D capabilities of suppliers. The international auto industry’s excellent experience in software development management is increasingly becoming an internationally recognized authority for the automobile industry’s assessment of software suppliers’ access requirements.
According to the offer statement, the company’s product production process consists mainly of: smt stickers + assembly + testing three loop sections.
The testing process is based on complete automation of the labview testing system. And companies have well-developed quality control systems in place from a variety of aspects such as project quality management - design quality management - manufacturing process quality management - supply chain quality management - customer quality management.
1.3. From ownership to joint ventures to expanding high-quality clients The corporate offer statement reveals that the top five clients for the period 2014-2016 were: upper-air Mitsubishi/one-breath mass/long joint venture client income to 39%. The underlying reason is that the core variables for corporate growth in 2014-2016 are autonomous goods.
In 2016-2018, the top five clients of the company dropped to 61% of total revenue, but the specific client name could not be measured against the income of the joint venture without a detailed disclosure.
In the Division’s annual report, it is logical to assume that the company’s customer structure has changed considerably since 2017: 1) Upwards general Mitsubishi and the Wall contribute significantly to the company’s revenue ratio. The central reason is the decline in the volume of production and sales as a result of dry customers’ own exposure to industry demands, and the increase in the number of new entrants to traditional cars has led to more competition for orders.
2) The two major joint venture client orders continue to rise steadily. 3) Important new clients: joint ventures (Toyota/Uto Masses, etc.), autonomy (Gili/Long An/Uts, etc.), new driving forces (Pang/America, etc.) The underlying reasons behind the company's client outreach are: 1) consumption upgrades drive a rapid increase in exit penetration, and markets
Demand is growing rapidly. 2) The mainframe is relatively limited in its own technology layout, relying on first-tier suppliers to provide technical solutions The downstream domestic passenger vehicle demand goes into the lower cycle, resulting in a lower cycle in the company's traditional two fist products, car-borne entertainment and vehicle-borne information systems. 2) The layout of adas/network services, the rapid growth of the R & D workforce and the significant increase in expenditure.
Intelligent cabin operations: National Production Substitution Accelerator + One-Block Multiscreen upgrade, full-scale upscaling period 2.1. Class products are in the early stages of the intelligent age, as measured by the path of the upgrade of the car.
During the mechanical age, the cabin products consisted mainly of mechanical dashboards and simple audio-playing devices, with a single functional structure, based on a single physical key-pressure format, which provided only basic information such as speed, engine speed, water temperature, fuel consumption, etc.;
It is still based on mechanical instruments, but a small number of small-scale controlled LCD displays have started to be used. In addition, navigation systems, audio, etc., have been added to provide drivers with more information, and the overall bicycle package is worth less than $2,000.
Alternatives to the traditional instrument, the design of the central controls and the dashboards began to emerge, with a small number of new hud ups and ups, displays, streaming rear-view mirrors, etc., with a wide variety of human interactions and a marked increase in intelligence, with an overall one-car package value of about $4,500. However, at this stage, most of the cabin products are still distributed discrete controls, i.e., the operating systems are independent.
The core technology is embodied in modularization and integrated design. In the future, as high-level autopilots gradually become available, the performance of chips and algorithms, etc., will be increased, the cabin product will be further upgraded, the technology of multiple screens, multiscreens, stereo-based virtual presentation will become widely available, and the core technology will be reflected in the ability to further integrate intelligent driving, with an overall vehicle package worth over $8,000.
2.2. The global smart cabin market is on the rise and is expected to reach $39.6 billion in 2020 and 8.8 per cent in 2018 and 2022 in the market cagr.
The size of the global market is about $32.9 billion. With the advent of the 5g era, users are expected to upgrade safety and recreation functions, product penetration is expected to continue to rise, leading to further exploration of cost prices, and the size of the market is projected for 2020.
In 2019, according to the China-China Air Association, 2,136 million vehicles were produced in the country. Based on the experience of developed countries abroad, the country will gradually climb to 200 in 2019-2025, with a combined 3% increase in domestic passenger vehicles projected for 2019-2025. Step two: the penetration rate of the front-loading markets for each product is projected.
The product penetration rate is obtained from a self-built sample. The sample consists of 60 models, including four high/medium/low-priced star cars, and each model collects three low-grade configurations in upper secondary schools. (Remark: This estimate is for the preloading market only; there is no special description of the six cabin products, all of which are referred to below as Carborne Information and Recreation System, Driving Information Display System, Hud, Hud, etc.)
The product penetration rate of the self-built sample system is assumed to be the market penetration rate of each product for the period 2017-2020. According to sample statistics, the class product (car-borne information and entertainment system, driver information display system, Hud, etc.) in 2019
The penetration rates are 83.1%, 15.0%, 7.5%, 3.1%, 10.6% and 0.6% respectively, of which the functional integration of the Carborne Information and Recreation System is higher, the products are more mature, the penetration rates are higher, the other products are in their ubiquitous phase, and the penetration rates are within 15%.
Consumer demand for motor vehicle functional safety and recreation is increasing, and consumers are more willing to pay for smart class products; (2) smart cabins are being used by car companies as new car models to increase market competitiveness; and (3) user experiences are better after 5g commercials, with higher sales costs further exploring as new smart technologies mature.
In 2019, the six main cabin products were valued at $1,800, 2700, 1400, 770, 260, 1100/set.
High, so that the value of a bicycle package will slowly increase and stabilize as the functionality is integrated. The rest of the product is listed late, the current value of a bicycle package is relatively high, and the cost is further reduced as the technology matures and penetration increases.
The calculation concludes that the market size of the main products of the domestic smart cabin was 103 billion yuan in 2025, and the capr was 15.2 per cent in 2019-2025, and the market size of the main products of the smart cabin was calculated to be 56.680 billion yuan in 2020, an increase of 28.5 per cent. With the gradual arrival of 5g, the mainframe plant introduced a new model of vehicles to carry the products of the smart cabin, and the production of the smart cabins.
The product penetration rate has accelerated and is expected to reach $103 billion in 2025, of which vehicle-borne information and entertainment systems and driving information systems are the two largest markets, accounting for 46.4 per cent/34.4 per cent of the main product markets in the smart cabin, respectively. The market for the faster compound growth in 2019-2025 is a lateral liquid crystal display, a back-view mirror with over 45 per cent.
However, due to the low penetration rate of the LCD display, and the smaller value of the backstream mirroring bicycles, the increase in contribution is smaller. The full LCD dashboard has become larger in 2019 and will contribute to the main incremental market by 2025. 2.3. Analysis of global and domestic competition patterns in the smart cabin
The entire industrial chain of the smart cabin can be divided into three broad segments: upstream-central-downstream. The middle-stream is what we usually mean. It refers to a first-tier supplier that, by integrating all types of hardware/software upstream, assembles into a smart-barrel product and provides it to a downstream car company.
In terms of performance contributions, the first-class product of Desai is a vehicle-borne entertainment system plus a vehicle-borne information system (both in the medium-controlled domain, but the difference is that the former is dominated by neutral controls and the latter by software solutions), and the focus of this paper is on the internal and external patterns of competition in this area.
In 2015, the top five providers of the Global Carborne Entertainment System + Carborne Information System focused on Wei Weibo. In 2015, the top five suppliers of the Global Carborne Entertainment System (which is dominated by a medium-screen) concentrated 57%, and the top five suppliers of the Global Carborne Information System (which is dominated by software solutions) concentrated 46%, respectively: Haman.
13 per cent), Alps (10 per cent), Bozo (9 per cent), Mitsubishi (7 per cent) and Electrical 7 per cent.
In-country smart seats are basically car-borne entertainment systems (centrally controlled, conventionally) and later incrementally converted vehicle-borne information systems (mainly software solutions). There are already five domestic suppliers on the market: Desaisiswig/Wayang Group/Allysing Electronics/Technology/Sorkins, and five non-listed major players: Mercury/Good Helpers/Techco.
According to the company announcements and industry research: apart from a win-win electronic access to the overseas supply chain through overseas acquisitions, home-based home-owned, home-grown, home-grown, and joint-venture brand-owned mainframes, both of which are home-grown companies with large numbers of suppliers, both have entered Germany to varying degrees.
In 2018, the domestic car-borne entertainment plus information systems market was estimated at $32.42 billion, based on the previous market size. In 2018, the two businesses in Desai Weiwei received a combined total of approximately $4.5 billion, or 13.9 per cent of the city ' s total.
2.4. Desai has more opportunities than challenges in the future in the area of smart cabins, similar to the functional-to-intelligent development model, where the intelligent cabin industry will develop three trends in the future: 1) the traditional car-loading competition continues and the market share is expected to be concentrated in the dominant firms. 2) One core multiscreen blended by distribution
Separation control is highly integrated into airspace control. 3) Smart cabins are integrated with autopilots. These three trends result in rising demand on suppliers, rapidly rising technical barriers, behind-the-board support for R & D, exponentially rising inputs, and attracting a large number of cross-industry forces into the industry, with larger competition patterns in the future.
For Desecway, we believe that there are more opportunities than challenges in the smart cabin industry. The opportunities are mainly: 1. Accelerating the replacement of traditional meso screens (car-borne entertainment systems) with technology plus cost plus customer advantage, phasing out the back-car supplier, and the market share is expected to rise. 1) The company is gaining a single shot of public/up-to-the-mega/crowd.
Toyota's global supply chain orders. 2) The cash flow of the tail locomotives is deteriorating, and the space for survival is becoming smaller. 2. Downstream mainframe smart module has its own capacity for research and development in the middle of the layout. ... The high reliance on first-tier suppliers in the short and medium term provides a good window of time for domestic suppliers to grow.
In 2018, the company released a new generation of smart cockpits and multiple multiscreened smart cockpit project orders. In June 2019, the company released version 3.0 of the smart cockpit on Shanghai ces, the company’s first international lead chip.
– A four-screen interactive intelligent driving product of 820a with the ideal one-size-fits-all model of a high-speed car. 3. Full auto-drive is taking longer, level 1-3 adas penetration is rising rapidly, and integration with the smart cabin is likely to take place in the future, but downstream mainframe plants are still developing themselves, depending on first-class suppliers in the short and medium term.
A good time window for domestic suppliers to grow. Desai has been building an independent smart-driving business unit since 2016, with continuous research and development efforts in this section. The company has now achieved the production of a 360-degree high-resolution system, a fully automated parking system, a driver behavior control and identification system, a t-box product, 24g/77g mm wave.
Radar. In 2018, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with British Weida and Pitts to jointly develop a class-I3 smart driving system, with production planned for 2020. The high demand for intelligent cabin development is reflected in: 1) the need for sustained high-intensity R & D investment and recruitment.
High-level talent at home and abroad needs to be supported by good cash flows. 2) China is a newcomer to build on the chip and system software capabilities accumulated from mobile phones. 3) Traditional overseas smart cabin competitors (Wichitton/continent/Bosse/Haman, etc.) also continue to increase their investment in smart cabins. 4) Downstream mainframe plants are increasingly focusing on the voice of future car software.
Strategic business: When the adas are released, efficiency + safety is the value of unmanned driving to society as a whole. Smartness and networking are real.
The two main drivers for making cars mobile data terminals are trillion dollars in market space (hardware plus big data). According to Rolandberg, the global adas industry was more than $200 billion in 2025.
Rows (hand and foot). Perceptions consist mainly of sensors that identify the surrounding environment, processing mainly algorithms/chips, and executing mainly vehicle systems such as braking/turning/alert warning. According to the Ministry of Information and Communications, Chinese autopilots are divided into six levels: level 0 autopilots (emergency aids), level 1 autopilots (partial driver aids), level 2 autopilots (combined driver support).
(a) Level 3 automation of driving (conditional autopilots), level 4 automation of driving (high autopilots), level 5 automation of driving (full autopilots), based on data from the Automotive House on the configuration of the model, we have classified the current stage of mainstream adas functions into three categories:
1) Identification of early warning categories: driveway deviations from early warning ldw/road traffic sign recognition/wet driving tips. 2) Rewinding aids: 360 degrees panorama/automatic parking. 3) Driving aids: and line aids/passways maintenance of auxiliary/automatic brake systems aeb/self-adapted to cruise acc.
The selection of 60 hot-gate cars in the high-end and low-end vehicle type concluded that the penetration rate of the various adas function was increasing rapidly between 2017 and 2020, especially with greater penetration space below $150,000.
Annual penetration rates and linear aids stabilized, with lane maintenance assistance rising from 4 per cent to 28 per cent, automatic brake systems from 23 per cent to 47 per cent and adaptation to cruises from 18 per cent to 32 per cent.
Figure 14: Trends in the penetration rate of driving ancillary groups. The penetration rate of adas in vehicles below $150,000 is lower than the overall rate, and there is more room for future upgrading. From the sample we have selected, the penetration rate of products in groups III and above below $150,000 is lower than the overall average penetration rate.
The marginal rise between 2017 and 2020 was significant, and the functions included: deviation from the driveway warning/drive fatigue alert/360-degree panorama, like/automatic brake system/self-adaptation cruises. The penetration rate of automatic parking was significantly lower than the industry as a whole, raising the space visibility assumption 1: car sales. According to the China-China Air Association, in 2019 the country produced 2,136,000 vehicles by car.
Based on the development experience of the developed countries of Japan and Korea, we believe that domestic passenger vehicle holdings will rise gradually in 2019-2025, assuming that: adas penetration rates and average car prices are higher. As technological advances have led to adas becoming more and more functional. Improved vehicle safety and comfort, from 2019-2025, gradually moving from level 11 (partial auxiliary driving) to level 12 (groups).
Together, we're predicting that the size of the domestic motor vehicle adas market is 26.7 billion yuan in 2020, 15.3 billion yuan in 2025 and 41.8 per cent of the composite growth rate, which is fasting into the long term.
In 2016, Desai set up the Specialized Smart Driver Support Unit, which is moving well in terms of volume production and is expected to lead to a new growth point in the adas business. Resources have been invested in the areas of perception, decision-making, and control, involving research and development techniques, including road maintenance, automatic parking, pre-crash warning, automatic emergency brakes, blind area monitoring, low-speed movement of objects.
Tests, pedestrian identification, etc... Production-related projects have been achieved: 360-degree high clairvoy system, fully automated parking system, driver behaviour monitoring and identification system, t-box product, 24g/77g mm wave radar. In 2018, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with British Weida and Pills to jointly develop a class-I3 smart driving system and plan for 2020.
Production; platform-based project fixation for fully automated parking and passenger parking products, scheduled for production in 2021 Strategic Operations: A platform for vehicle networking actively promotes the issuance of the Circular on Smart Vehicle Innovation Development Strategy by 11 ministries, including the CDRC, at the end of February 2020.
In 2025, technological innovation, industrial ecology, infrastructure, regulatory standards, product monitoring and network safety systems will be largely formed.
The policy further emphasizes the importance of a network of v2x (cars/clouds/roads/persons) as an additional path to complete autopilot in the future, complementary to bicycle intelligence. Because of the presence of rickshaw smart technology in the perception system, the perception distance is limited, the road is coordinated, and the combination of vehicle sensors effectively avoids the perception of blind areas, static.
Co-operative technology makes the manufacturing of cars less expensive. With security, the requirements for sensing, data processing and integration systems for vehicle-mounted smart equipment are high, and with technology, other sectors of government share the responsibility for infrastructure such as roads, cloud platforms, etc., which can reduce some of the equipment and target parameters and effectively reduce the level of single-car manufacturing.
Synergy can improve road efficiency. Car-to-car communication can be done through road equipment and cloud platforms. Car speed can be harmonized, further reduce distance, improve efficiency of road operations and reduce traffic congestion.
Sensory layer -- application layer -- platform layer. Communications level is responsible for vehicle/car, vehicle/road, vehicle/column connectivity through related chips and communication modules and base stations. Sensitization layer: In-car access is achieved by collecting in-car data through bus/t-box, etc., and integrating off-car data. Application level: control enforcement of vehicles through access to information v2x (slower/turn/brain, etc.).
The company has signed cooperation agreements with a number of companies, such as 100-degree, tether, etc. The t-box product has been fitted to multiple international and autonomous branding models.
Quantities, v2x products (traffic roads) are targeted by the international branded car factory. With respect to car connectivity, a vehicle network has been gradually commercialized, including by the general public, Chirette Leopards, a car networking platform for clients such as Chang Anmazuta, ota, and scenario intelligence.
Based on the following core assumptions, we have made detailed projections of Desai Siwi’s performance for the period 2019-2021. The review corresponds to 35.71 times the 2020 performance.
The recovery in demand in the vehicle sector is lower than expected. The recovery in demand in the vehicle sector is lower than expected, which affects companies downstream.
The company ' s performance has been affected by the resumption of sales at the Auxiliary mainframe plant.