Dexahway (002922.sz) • Smart driving transition to landing harvest period, first covered, “buy-in” rating for the company is moving to smart driving with a car electronic business centred on traditional car-borne information and entertainment systems
The company's heavyweight product with core technological advantages – class I3 smart-driving domain controllers – is about to produce high volumes, and as the product is released, it will begin to contribute to the growth of its performance in the future. At the same time, the company's car-networking business has obtained high-quality vehicle orders, which are gradually landing.
The company will return to rapid growth when the operation of the old smart cabin is re-heated. We expect the public I3 level smart driving product to be produced, and the company will be in a new era of growth. In 2016, the company will start a more comprehensive layout in the field of smart driving, which is currently supported by a number of companies.
The driving aid product (360° high clairvoy system, fully automated parking system) has already been produced. The company is in the forefront of the industry in terms of advanced, non-intelligent driving system industrialization. In 2020, the heavy-pound vehicle type of the company's class 1.3 smart driving product — Little Pump7 — will be officially marketed. As the most intelligent car in an autonomous brand.
One of the models, Pap7 has shown remarkable performance in terms of continued navigation, power, energy consumption, and physical design, and it is expected to become an explosive car when it is marketed. On the one hand, Pop7’s heat sales will result in a significant increase in company performance, and on the other hand, the company’s smart driving product can be set as a benchmark for the industry, helping companies to expand their markets in the future.
..the smart seating business is back on the ground, and the car connection business is going down, and the smart cockpit is the company's traditional core business.
Corporate performance has increased considerably. Downstream customers' sales, company product upgrades, and will gradually drive corporate smart cabin performance back and forth. The company launched its CarNet Business Development Strategy in 2018, aiming to build a tens of millions of user platforms in 2025.
Core technologies, such as analysis and application of technology, have been acquired for high-quality vehicle networking platforms, ota, scenario intelligence, etc., for the general public, Chiréte Leopard, Chang Anjoda, etc. Car networking operations are gradually falling into the ground.
1.1. Transition to a national automobile e-column for the transition to a smart driving strategy, transition to a strategic location, with a focus on three core business lines
The company is the leading car electronics industry in the country, with more than 30 loads of deep-farming, mainly engaged in research and development, production and marketing of products such as car-borne entertainment systems, car-borne information systems, vehicle air conditioning controllers, driver information displays, etc. In order to keep up with cars, the new quadrupling of the car industry (intelligenization, electrodynamicization, sharing, networking) has been developed by the company in 2017.
The “smart”-oriented 2025 strategy, which has been actively transformed and has been increasingly investing in the development of new technologies, has now become the three core clusters of smart cockpits, smart drivers, and car networks. Corporate clients are well structured and balanced, including, inter alia, Euro-American, Japanese, and autonomous brand vehicles.
High-quality customer resources provide a solid basis for sustainable growth in corporate performance and the expansion of new business. Since the company’s strategic transition to smart driving and car networking, companies have continued to increase their investment and promote technology.
The application has now yielded initial results in both areas, with the company’s total revenue in the future in the field of smart driving. The company began a more comprehensive layout in the field of smart driving in 2016, and currently has several auxiliary driving products in the public sector (360° Panorama, Automatic Parking, 24ghz mm Wave Radar, etc.)
In 2020, the heavy-pound vehicle type of the company's class 1.3 smart driving product – Pump7 – will be on the market – marks a “point-to-face” breakthrough for the company's smart driving product. As one of the most intelligent cars in the autonomous branding company, Pimp7 has been re-engineered, powered, energy consumed, and designed for appearance.
In terms of excellence, it is expected to become a car crash when it is on the market. On the one hand, small pap7 sales can bring significant growth in the company's performance, and on the other hand, smart driving products can be set as industry poles, enabling companies to expand the area of car connectivity in the future. In 2018, the company set up a car networking unit to provide safety and temperature to customers.
Car-networked products and services, completing a shift in business patterns from product sales to integrated products and services. At present, companies have signed cooperative agreements with major Internet players such as 100 degrees, tether, etc., and have obtained orders for projects such as car-connected platforms, ota, scenario intelligence, etc., from a car factory such as the Volkswagen, Chirette Jaguar Rhodes, and Chang Ammeda.
The company was founded in 1986 by Philips Motors, Hong Kong Golden Hills, and Hyezhou City Industrial Development Corporation (the predecessor of the Texas Group). The company was founded on “international localization” as a development principle.
In 2010, the company’s shareholders, Desai Industries and the company’s management and research and development team acquired 70% of the equity of foreign shareholders, and the company became a domestic firm and was renamed Desai Siwi Motors Electronics Ltd., 2012–2013.
Companies set up Singapore, Europe, and Japan subsidiaries, relying on overseas companies to advance their “local internationalization” strategy. In 2015, companies completed stock changes.
The company currently holds shareholders in the Guangdong Desai Group, which holds 58.3% of the company’s shares. The first major shareholder in the Texas Group is the State Finance Committee of Huixiang City, which is also the company’s actual controller. The company attaches great importance to the training and development of its internal staff, creating a stable talent ladder. To attract and retain core talent, motivate its staff, and become a company.
There is a stock-holding platform for the five top employees (including management and core research and development teams) of Weyingde, Weyongjie, Hen Yongwei, Weyongchang, and Wei Wensing. According to the 3rd Quarterly Report 2019, the five major Stakeholder platforms together hold 19.4% of the company’s shareholdings, and are highly motivated to their employees.
Figure 5: The City of Huixiang State Finance Committee is the firm ' s real controller 1.3. Performance is at the bottom of the list. Over the next few days, Carborne Entertainment Services will receive half of the revenue.
The combined share of the three major operations of systems and vehicle air-conditioning systems has remained constant at over 90 per cent, contributing mainly to the company ' s negative growth in vehicle sales for the first time in 2013-2017, with the country ' s growing volume of vehicle sales and the gradual increase in the penetration of vehicle-borne information and entertainment systems, which has been delayed by the company in 2018 and the third quarter of 2019, respectively.
The total revenues of $5.41 billion and $3.55 billion, a decline of 10.0 per cent and 12.7 per cent in comparison with the previous year, have fallen in recent years as a result of increased competition in the traditional automobile industry and higher penetration rates in the industry. Moreover, as a result of the implementation of the “smart” strategy, companies have been increasing their new skills in intelligent driving, car networking, etc.
Investments in technology have been increasing since 2016. In the first three quarters of 2019, corporate R&D spending amounted to $464 million, accounting for 13.1 per cent of revenues during the same period, a decline in the Māori rate, a rise in R&D costs, a gradual build-up of production sites and an expansion of high-quality clients, and a reversal of corporate revenues is expected.
On June 23, 2018, a strategic cooperation agreement was formally signed in Guangzhou between Desai and Peng. The two parties plan to combine the development of the L3 smart driving system and plan for production in 2020.
The driving system carries the top international i-chi chip, which provides low-speed passenger parking, medium-speed tjp traffic aid, and high-speed intelligent driving in three core tiers of L3.
Tesla led the auto-pilot industry, and the pelican car was on the run, and Tesla released the auto-pilot system autopilot 3.0 in 2019, carrying two fully automated driver chips (fsd chips) that were developed autonomously by Tesla and manufactured in the 14nm process by Samsung Texas.
Plant production. Each fsd chip has six billion transistors, including one central processor, one image treatment unit, two neural network processors, autopilot 3.0 averaging 144 tops. Tesla has increased the number of front-and-back cameras from one to three, plus two side cameras, super.
Sonar radars have doubled in perceptive range, cameras have gone from black and white to rccc to rcb, and the overall hardware level has been raised to provide stronger data support for vehicle control decisions. Tesla's body is surrounded by eight cameras, providing 360-degree loops, which can measure 250 metres as far as possible.
In addition, Tesla's 12 ultrasound sensors complement visuals. In front of the Tesla car, there's an enhanced version of the forward millimetre wave radar that can work in bad rain, snow, fog, dust, etc. With Tesla, the country's cars, including the new forces, follow Tesla's pace and its new product.
The Automated Driving Auxiliary System Pap7 will be on the market in 2020, with a Xpilot 3.0 system representing the country's level of lead in assisted driving in volume-producing vehicles. The Xpilot 3.0 system contains 12 ultrasound radars, 5 high-precision-mm wave radars, 13 autopilot cameras, high-precision maps, and British Weldaxavier auto-drive cores.
Of these, the drivexavier autopilot chip has the capability to support a Level 1-3 autopilot, which is 30 trillion calculations per second, at a capacity of only 30 watts, 15 times the energy efficiency of the previous generation of architectures (i.e., the Tesraautopilot 2.5). In the future, consumers can also upgrade the ota.
On the Shanghai car show in April 2019, the first car product of the car was officially shown by the car, and its appearance was very impressive, and Nedc continued its flight miles over 600 km, and was well-known.
The initial version of the re-entry model — the post-drawn version, with a pre-sale price of $240,000, represents a decrease of $30,000 in the pre-sale price compared to the post-deployed re-supplicity version, with a netc extension mileage of 550+km.
Plump-7 high-speed double-drives, 0-100 km/h acceleration time is only 4.3s, but the 3-metre axle does not lose a c-scale car, and it reaches 4.9 meters. In addition to the powerful accelerator performance, Plump7 carries xpilot2.5/xpilot 3.0, of which xpilot 3.0 is the first to target.
The third generation of auto-assisted driving by China's road condition, the pelican car ceo Ho, has publicly stated that "The owner can let go for 30 to 40 hours for every 100 hours." It is expected that in 2020 Pap7 will be more favourable than Teslamodel3, and that Pap7 will be more competitive in prices, mileage, and size space.
Model3 has a slight advantage in terms of power and energy consumption. On the whole, Pelican 7 has a better price than Pelican 7 and, in terms of auxiliary driving functions, Pelican 7's Auxiliary Driving System is better suited to China's traffic situation. According to the official U.N. Micro-Trust Public, from April 2019, the Shanghai Car Fair was launched to November 15, 2019, the Pelican 7 target.
A total of 15431 have been released, and the subsequent release of the longer version has a higher value for money and is expected to attract more consumers. If the prices go down further after the market, pap7 is very promising to become a car buster. 2.2. Smart driving is on its way to a turning point.
On June 12, 2018, the Xinjiang smart system test area of Hunanjiang officially opened with a test vehicle carrying the Dexahway autopilot system for real scene testing in the park area.
The driving system, which uses high-precision maps for path planning, combined with real-time positioning, integration of multi-sensor target data, conduct control and trajectory adjustment. The company’s autonomous autopilot system successfully passed a realistic multi-scenes test, marking a solid step towards autopilot at level 1.3.
At the June 2019 cesasia exhibition, Desaiway displayed the latest ipu03 smart-driving domain controller as a volume-producing dcu, which meets the Iso26262 functional safety asild level and is primarily used for the 193 level autopilot programme. ipu03 is 30 tops, which allows real-time processing of vehicle mines.
Automated driving data for Da, cam, laser radar and ultrasound systems, operating perception, positioning, planning and control algorithms. This is also part of the autopilot program that Desaixive has for Little Pap7.
Little Pap7 is expected to bring significant growth to the company's autopilot business as the first home-grown autopilot Tier 1 supported by Yvette in China, a powerful hardware base based on xavier to develop a Level 1-3 autopilot control system, and a Chinese auto-drive to carry Ping's auto-research.
Software systems. From 2020, the company plans to phase out the Chinese type of autopilot in the new model of the pelican car, moving towards full autopilot of the city's multiple road conditions, automatic search for parking spaces and parking in the parking lot, morning and evening peak congestion cruises, auto-transfer of the highway to the best lanes and continuous autopilots.
The Xavier used by Dessavier is a super-calculation chip released by Nvidia in early 2018 and the first global volume of a custom-made processor for advanced autopilot, known by industry as “the most powerful soc in the world”
An extended Nvidiadriveagxai autopilot platform, supported by xavier, can drive an autopilot system from l2 and above via Robotaxis and process autopilot data from vehicle radars, cameras and ultrasound systems in real time. Nvidiadriveaxavier can achieve 300,000 per second.
Billions of calculations, with a capacity of only 30 watts, with six different processors based on Soc, have been built into a completely new high-quality, gpu, custom-made 8 nuclear cpu architecture, deep-learning accelerators, and new programmable computer visual accelerators. On the one hand, the hot sales of Pap7 can bring significant growth in company performance, while on the other hand, the company can automatically drive its products.
As industry poles, support companies will expand their markets in the future, and all kinds of smart-driving sensors will be produced in succession, and other hardware in support of the driving system will be driven very quickly by Desai Siwi, in 2019.
The Environment Watch system has been produced successively on a number of projects, and orders and sales have increased rapidly. As the first global foundation for a fully automated parking system that integrates visual and ultrasound, the Guangdong Electronic Information Industry Association has identified it as a national lead technology, has produced a volume and has acquired the next generation of fully automated parking and passenger parking products.
In addition, the company’s 77g mm wave radar is already in a state of measurable production. We believe that it is now the turning point for the growth of the company’s smart driving business, which is expected to accelerate over the next year or two with the volume of high-level intelligent driving products.
Figure 13: Corporate smart driving is growing rapidly.
It's a smart driver's aid, control of all fields, systems, all automatic.
On multiple items, after-products, orders, car systems, drivers.
In the field of intelligent driving, behavioral surveillance and identification systems are in place.
A smart driver's aid from a leading domestic company gets to the next generation.
We've got a lot of new products for moving parking and booking.
Platforming of vehicle products International and autonomous brand 77g mm wave radar
*24g mm wave radar,3 good opportunities for the growth of the car network industry, the gradual landing of the company ' s business at 3.1, 5g, and policy consolidation, and the development of the car network industry
The Internet is a huge interactive network of information about the location, speed, and route of vehicles. Through gps, rfid, sensors, video image processing, etc.
Devices, vehicles can complete the collection of information about their environment and state; all vehicles can, through Internet technology, bring together their various types of information into a central processor; and, through computer technology, the information of these large numbers of vehicles can be analysed and processed to calculate the best route for different vehicles, to report on road conditions in a timely manner and to arrange for lights.
cycle. The car network industry chain consists of the sensor layer, the transmission layer and the application layer, of which v2x (vehicletoeeverything, car and anything) is the core technology of the vehicle network transmission layer. v2x refers to the exchange of information between the vehicle and the outside world, including v2v (car and car), v2p (car and person), v2i (car and infrastructure), v2n (car and network).
Figure 14: v2x Connectivity of vehicles to everything The role of vehicle connectivity includes 1) improving vehicle safety: obtaining environmental information around vehicles, providing early warning of unusual surfaces; 2) refilling sensor performance shortboards: sensors have limited range and are vulnerable to extreme weather events, vehicles
Networking complements sensor performance deficiencies through exchange of information with surrounding environments; 3) Reduction of whole-caring costs: Car Networking support sensor functions, which theoretically reduce the number of sensors and thus the cost of whole-caring. It was only through the entry into the Chinese market of General Angelism and Toyota gbook in the year that car connections gradually entered the public view.
In the absence of uniform industry standards, unclear profit patterns, and information security, the penetration rate of the country ' s car network is at a low level. According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, the penetration rate of the country ' s car network users in 2015 was only 7 per cent, down from 10 per cent worldwide. In June 2019, the Ministry of Trade and Communications sent China ' s telecommunications, China ' s movement, China ' s connectivity, and China ' s connectivity to China.
China’s 5g commercial license plate, which marks the country’s official entry into the 5g A.D., is expected to be ready. The 5g technology, with its high bandwidth, low time delay, large connectivity, low power consumption, etc., is expected to significantly increase the speed of V2x message transmission, thereby improving the experience of car-connected users, whose penetration is expected to increase rapidly.
According to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, in 2020, we will have a 24 per cent penetration rate for car-connected users, up from 20 per cent worldwide. With the increase in car-connected penetration, our overall market is expanding. According to the China Institute of Motor-connected Industry, 2019, 2018.
One hundred million yuan, or 18.6 per cent of the annual composite growth rate (cagr), and the policy-intensive introduction of the car-networked industry into the fast track, since the end of 2016, the country has put in place more than a dozen policies to build infrastructure, harmonize technical standards and strengthen it.
In December 2018, the Ministry of Industry and Communications launched the Action Plan for the Development of the Car Networking (Intelligent Networked Automobiles) Industry, which clearly states that 2020 will be the year of penetration by users of the Car Network. In February, 11 sectors, including the National Development and Reform Commission, jointly launched the Smart Car Innovation Development Strategy, which will be launched by 2025.
The strategic vision of a new generation of wireless communication networks (5g-v2x) is gradually being implemented in selected cities and highways. The country’s car-networking industry is expected to reap the policy dividend, and core vehicle-networking technologies, such as v2x, are expected to open up to historic opportunities for rapid development.
3.2. Corporate strategic vehicle-networking operations. Car-networking products have been ordered by high-quality clients and will be commercialized progressively.
At the consumer electronic exhibition, the company officially publishes a platform for tens of millions of users around the theme "Collaborative innovation, flexible and efficient, safe and warm years with a heart." At the launch, the company launched a brand-new car networking platform product, which supports customized opening images of users, with life-service features such as traffic, weather, booking, etc., while at the same time achieving it.
Connects to smart homes and smart appliance devices, which greatly enhances the user’s experience. The platform’s products are intended to serve three main categories of users: 1) Support services for the operation of a car factory: development of a vehicle network service, and data interface and data management of existing platforms at a car factory; 2) content providers and uniforms
Integrated services for service providers: Integrating resources for travel, music, radio, etc.; 3) travel services for car owners: Accurate drawings of users through big data analysis in order to provide better travel services.
While providing user access, it has evolved into an interconnected information terminal, and the resulting threats to cyber security have also become more acute, causing serious loss of user life and property due to illegal car attacks for remote control. With a focus on user safety, the Devon Westway Networking platform has created a system-based pki system.
In addition to the full-link road security protection mechanism, the company car network platform has a million-grade equipment connection capability, and the platform ' s resources adapt to it.
A competitive advantage, such as dynamic dispatch, a full-range smart-wire strategy. Figure 15: The Desaiway Car Networking platform has four main advantages — a distribution network mqtt message server with a single node of 1 million and a peak in connection
Loads, meeting the needs of soft-time, low-time, high-scaling and distributed equipment connections Sustained stabilization of high-performance programmes • linear expansion of Platform service capacity, adaptation of Platform resources to dynamic schedule, meeting vehicle requirements
On the basis of plant needs, provide a reasonable structure to support the program, a full-link safety protection mechanism • full coverage of "endpipe cloud", deep defense mechanisms, certification, tactical dispatch,
Systems, links, clouds, etc., provide full coverage of security protection, a full-scale smart-wire strategy — multi-environmental monitoring exercises, monitoring logs, real-time risk analysis.
Transport-dimensional data analysis has adjusted its surveillance and control dispatch strategy, continuously improving the automation of its monitoring processes, and as the company's “youngest” product line, the vehicle network team has continued to grow and is now mastering the cloud-side online upgrades.
(a) Core technology such as technology, cybersecurity technology, big data analysis and application technology, which now acquires orders from the general public, Chirí, Jaguar Road Rover, Long-Ammadhuda and other clients, and commercializes the projects, ota, scenario intelligence etc. Strategic co-operation, merger support companies open the car network market;
In recent years, companies have integrated industrial resources through strategic cooperation and mergers and acquisitions, thus enabling them to break through technology and open the market. The company has signed strategic cooperation agreements with such enterprises as 100, 10, 4-D, and the Chiro-Sung, which have a series of in-depth collaborations in the area of car networking, and are committed to providing a safe and easy user experience for automobile users.
The Division created Carfrog Technology in 2018, which significantly expanded the company ' s car networking technology research and development team. In 2019, the company acquired antebb, thereby indirectly holding ownership of the German advanced antenna manufacturing company atbb. Atbb has extensive experience in the research and application of antenna products over 75 years, focusing on high-performance antenna system solutions.
The research and development and manufacturing of the program can provide customized solutions to clients’ needs, and long-standing and well-established partnerships have been established with the entire number of European car users.
On May 26, 2017, RTL entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with Desaiway Motors Electronics in Hue County, which will focus on the implementation of a project on car intelligence.
4. Smart cabins: new opportunities for companies arising from product upgrading 4.1. Smart cockpit: significant trends in product upgrading and multiple screen interactions into smart cabin industries
The smartness of the cockpit is a industry trend, and the smartness of the cockpit is a comforting, diverse human machine interactive service with smart chips and LCD screens. A multi-screen (LCD instrument+hud+ control screen+background entertainment+stream media central rearview mirrors, etc.) is redefining the traditional human machine interaction.
The current multiscreen interactive content can be divided into three categories: 1) multiscreen interactive vehicle navigation: navigational information can be distributed on various screens, interacted with each other, given a more intuitive navigational experience to users, providing situational navigational information and multi-metametric information services; 2) multiscreen information displays: screens can be linked in information-sharing and user-friendly
(c) Entertainment multiscreen connections: drivers can open multimedia to their own needs and can share their favorite music, videos, pictures, etc. to other passengers. The screen will be displayed simultaneously, making the experience in the vehicle more comfortable and more human.
The interaction will allow for the interconnection of information between many screens, and a multiscreen hmi experience will be designed to create a humanized eco-hospital.
The LCD dashboard in the smart cockpit is a high-resolution, integrated, intelligent window that displays a diversity of car information. The car meter has evolved from mechanical, electrical, analogue electron to virtual instrumentation, and the fully digitized virtual instrument has become a mainstream application. Compared to the traditional instrument, the LCD instrument has added monitors to the hardware.
Gpu processors, special memory, radiator components, etc., are relevant to the display and require bottom-level operations to be supported by commonly used operating systems such as qnx, linux, anroid, etc.
In 2014, Teslamodels entered the Chinese market to break traditional car-borne sound system industry practices with a 17-inch, vertically controlled medium.
Car manufacturers competed to copy each other. Since then, the vehicle-mounted control screen has gradually been deployed to various types of vehicles.
The effective interactivity of the LCD table, which carries a vehicle's driving information output and interface, will be a key factor in determining the sense of human interaction. According to the Qinghua Research Centre, the full LCD assembly rate is expected to reach 35% by 2025.
The screens will be larger and multiscreened, and the value of the bicycles will continue to rise, and we measure that the total market size of the screens and LCDs will be 55.8 billion yuan by mid-2022, and the combined growth rate of 18.1 per cent by 2019-2022 will be 4.2, product upgrades, and downstream co-locations will drive firm performance back to the bottom.
The company's smart cockpit, which is a product of smart web connection centred on user experience, is one of the new trends in the development of electronics in the car. Desaisiway presented a home-based home start-up on the scene at cesasia 2017.
Designed smart cockpit concept, smart cockpit 1.0 presents driving information navigation information on the left screen of the two 12.3 inches of navigation system, a panoramic parking system and an automated parking system, a streaming media rearview system and four major sensor systems.
It also provides a two-screen interactive feature that effectively analyses driving information and improves driving advice in a timely manner; a brand-new automated parking system that allows greater emancipation of the driver's hands and feet; and a three times as wide a viewing mirror as the traditional one, with no luminous interference, is perfectly compatible with the double 12.3 meter navigation system.
In 2017, the company introduced the concept of a smart cockpit, and in June 2018, at the cesasia exhibition, Desaiway displayed a completely upgraded new generation of a smart cockpit 2.0. The smart cockpit 2.0 uses the hypervisor virtual technology, with a double 12.3 inch screen, a 10.1 inch body control touch screen and a holoscope, which is available between screens.
This cockpit combines software and hardware systems such as driver information systems, multimedia navigation and entertainment systems, smart speech holographics, air conditioning and body control systems, nfc identification, multiscreens, etc. from emotional driving to high-efficiency four-screen interaction with function and pleasure, to a user-friendly car butler, complete.
In June 2019, the company released a brand-new version of the smart cockpit 3.0 on Shanghai ces, the company's first smart cockpit.
On board the international lead chip, the 4-screen interactive intelligent driving product of the 820a high-tone dragon. DeSethewy believes that the absence of an intelligent cockpit is based on hardware integration, software open architecture, and the combination of intra-car electronics, the demonstration of which adds more forward-looking exploration and thinking.
In 2018, the company acquired a new order for the intelligent, capable cockpit project, based on a car and home, a Chang An car and a skycar (the original car), some of which were produced in 2019. The first was based on 820a of the High-Tone Dragon.
On October 18, 2018, the car and the home released the new product, the ideal one, with four interactives and two systems, including two systems, four screens and one chip, that are rare in the industry offered by Desai Sewy.
Control + Side Drive Entertainment + Function Control. The vehicle digital instrument and function control screens are based on car regulation solutions in Linux and Texas instrument j6, while the neutral controls and side-drives of entertainment functions are based on Andre Car Regulations and Roidautotive plus 820a chips.
Downstream client lending has led to a return in corporate performance, and the public has been the company's core client, accounting for about 20 per cent of the company's revenue, with a big one in 2018-2019.
A large number of new cars are on the market, leading to a steady increase in their total sales and a reverse expansion. The total number of Desaiway's songs, with a total sales of 37.7 million, is 53.68% more than the previous year, and the high growth of one crowd, especially the “double scouts”, has given company president Ancs75plus a double 12.3 inch screen.
The performance of the visual, interior, and the consumer's approval, the high sales after listing (September 2019), the increase in sales on a monthly basis, and the elasticity of the company's performance due to the high value and volume of the double screens that are available in Texas, we expect only the cs75plus model to make a 5-10% performance contribution to the company in 2020.
So, with the release of capacity, cs75plus is expected to continue to heat up sales, which can lead to a significant increase in company performance. Figure 26: Long Ancs75plus double screens for company packages, Figure 27: Cs75plus continues to grow after it is marketed
Smart cockpit product continues to upgrade, monolithic value continues to rise, mass sales remain stable without major declines, long Ancs75plus monthly sales remain stable, intelligent driving products are successfully produced, and more new orders are being made on an ongoing basis.
In 2020, the heavy-pound vehicle type of the company's 233-class smart driving product — Little Pap7 — will be officially marketed, marking a “point-to-face” breakthrough in the company's smart driving product.
One of the high-sized vehicles, Pap7 has shown remarkable performance in terms of renewal, power, energy consumption, and skin design. On 15th, Pop7 orders were over 15,000, and are expected to be in the shape of a car when it comes to the market. One aspect of Pop7's heat sales could result in a significant increase in company performance, while the company's smart driving product could be set as a benchmark for the industry.
In addition, there is a trend towards multi-screened interaction, big-screened industrial upgrading, company circulation, less than expected in terms of vehicle sales; intelligent driving is not moving as fast as expected.