Shenwon shares (002714.sz): Pig breeding, 5 November 2025.
In the agricultural industry, where the commodity pig-raising, slaughtering and processing are integrated, business income of $35.327 billion was realized in the third quarter alone, a decline of 11.48 per cent in the same year, resulting in a net return to the mother.
The country's top priority business is the country's largest self-sustaining enterprise, 42.49 billion yuan, a decrease of 55.98 per cent over the same period, and one of the large-scale integrated pig-breeding enterprises.
The company sold 5732.3 million pigs in the first three quarters of 25 years, an increase of 27.0 per cent. The company's total cost of farm production continued to fall, and in September 25 years it was fully costd.
In the future, the company is expected to optimize the full cost of farming through multi-dimensional energy such as disease control, breeding, nutrition, and intelligence. In terms of capacity, companies respond positively to national production.
A manageable call has been reduced to 3.305 million by the end of the three-quarters. We expect that pigs will be available for debt and cross-share presentations: sufficient price grinding will continue for some time, and production lags will be driven by policy regulation and low prices.
In January-September 25 years, the company slaughtered 19.16 million pigs, an increase of 140% over the same period, with a capacity utilization rate of 88%. With the company’s productivity rate rising, the product is still running.
The company’s slaughtering operations are expected to be profitable in the third quarter. The company is expected to steadily advance planned slaughter capacity in the future, the slaughter capacity will continue to grow, the channels and products will continue to be optimized, and the profitability is expected to increase further.
If you consider that the equity allocation of $5 billion was completed in October, the company’s debt reduction target set at the beginning of the year has been exceeded. In the future, companies will continue to adhere to the principle of prudential operations, seeking to reduce the asset-liability ratio to less than 50%.
The Port Unit is listed in the CVM filing chain and is moving forward according to the process, and the funds raised by the Port Unit are being used mainly to expand the company’s global operations. Companies are actively exploring opportunities for overseas business development, and companies have recently signed a cooperation agreement with the Baf Viet Nam company to build and operate a building-raising project in Viet Nam, using their own technology and technology.
The system is replicated overseas to create new growth points for companies. Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: we value the company’s core cost advantage as a pig-breeding business, a source of financial growth in the East.
Shenwon shares (002714.sz): The breeding of pigs continues, the slaughtering of the seasons goes down, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the east's wisdom, the source of the east's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the south's wealth, the source of the south's wealth.
East Hing Securities Company reports that herd shares (002714.sz): pig-breeding continues to fall, slaughtering a single season loses.
A breakdown of the sub-sectors, such as feed, food, and pet food.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.