q3 slaughter meat business is profitable billions of yuan, +37.9 per cent of the year; net cash flows from operating activities amount to $28,580 million, €1,000,000, €20 million, =18.93 million, with 4.15 million and 4.14 million pigs, respectively.
The company responded positively to the national pig-bearing policy. The stock of pig-rich pigs fell to 3.305 million by the end of September, 126,000 by the end of June, and the full cost of pig-breeding by the company, which is almost complete by the end of the year, is declining by a month, to $11.6/kg in September.
As a result of continued improvements in production performance and rising management levels, the company ' s complete pig production at the beginning of the year has shown a monthly downward trend in full cost, which has dropped to $11.6/kg in September, compared with January-$1.5/kg; The cost dispersion between current lines has been further reduced and costs are lower than $12/kg.
In September, the company weaned-to-market rate reached 93%, the rate of full-time activity was about 87%, the Physics 29, the fat pig was increasing by about 880g, and the meat for the fertilizer phase was about 100%.
2.64. The rise in the company ' s production indicators is due mainly to: 1) the improvement of the health of pigs, through the increase of the net profit of 10.53 billion women, the achievement of the target for the back-up of pigs, the improvement of the health of the pig population, and in the core of blue ear disease, ped, etc.
Significant progress has been made in the prevention and control of diseases by improving the health of pigs from the source; (2) personnel management and technical routes are optimized, the way managers and staff work in the field are adjusted to comply with the “greater prevention than cure”, reducing direct contact with human pigs and non-essential treatment operations, effectively reducing the risk of spread of the disease, and at the same time reducing the risk of spread of the disease.
In January-September, the number of pigs killed by the company increased by +140 per cent, while the q3 slaughtering operation achieved a one-quarter profit rate of 88 per cent. 2025q3, the company's slaughtering operation achieved a one-quarter profit, largely as a result of a single-month profit.
The company plans to move to a new stage of development by taking advantage of the pre-spring season of consumption, to further expand its client base and distribution channels, and to improve the quality and quality of its products and services in an effort to reverse year-round losses.
Starting in July 2025, the pig-raising industry moved into the productive phase, with a cumulative decline of 90,000 in the stock of pigs by the q3 Bureau of Statistics; we've judged that, with the total losses and losses of the pig-raising industry and its regulation, the annual production of pigs by companies was 93 million, 93,733, and 96,833, respectively, the same number.
For the country's largest pig-breeding enterprise, the cost is the lowest among all listed pigs, and with the significant increase in the capacity of the slaughter business and the gradual improvement in the profitability of the slaughter business, we maintain the company's “buy-in” rating.
The outbreak is out of control; the price of pigs is falling far in excess of expectations; changes in biological pig policy are being made; the data and information used in this report are presented independently and objectively, using information that is legally compliant. The data and information used in this report are from open information in the market, and I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information or the information and recommendations contained therein.
For information. I have not been, have not been, will not be, nor will I be receiving any form of advice or views directly or indirectly in this report.