Cost-sacrifice construction continues to be competitive, and Vietnam’s overseas business, the new-occupancy assessment report (002714.sz) company issued a September sales bulletin: a total of commercial pigs were sold in September 2025.
$100552240702 on initiatives to reduce production capacity in response to national regulatory policies and optimize the productive capacity structure; Agreement with the Baf Viet Nam agricultural shares to build high-tech buildings in Xining Province, Viet Nam
The farm-raising project and the accompanying feed plant, with a total investment of about 3.2 billion yuan, are expected to save 64,000 piglets and 1.6 million pig commodities each year after the completion of the project.
As a result of factors such as pre-born pig weight reduction policies, some of them are out early, leading to a reduction in the company’s September mark. The company’s initiative to reduce the number of pig stocks to 5.9% has almost reached the goal of 3.3 million year-end.
Pig prices continue to decline, and as of October 13, 2025, the prices of raw pigs have fallen to $10.92/kg, and are expected to continue to fall in the future, with the industry entering the productive phase. By optimizing capacity, companies can pool their resources to boost existing capacity.
This measure is also on average 1 with the share (002714); at the end of the cost.
A sharp contrast between the profit-conversion status quo highlights the company's proactive nature in the cycle, its continued strength, the slaughtering of overseas growth, 2, Herbhara (002714):q3 performance.
Viet Nam's projects landed, opened up new market space, and growth is expected to materialize, with a red boost in return shares, and against a background of slowing growth in the country's pig-producing capacity, Makahara works with Baf's high Vietnam.
Eastern 2024-10-303 and Pastoral shares (002714); Repurchase of a project for the farming of specialized technological buildings, or it will be a new engine for the growth of companies.
Loans to optimize the cost of financing, return to the buyer, use the company ' s mature model of building farming, and make steady progress in land use rates, biosafety, intelligence cases 2024-10-21
It is not only promising to open up the Vietnamese market, but also to expand the model to other overseas regions. The current industry cycle goes down, domestic competition goes up, and the break-up in the overseas market is expected to provide companies with long-term incremental space.
The company's strategy is forward-looking in terms of farm technology exports and globalization, and it sustains long-term advantages, supporting resistance to cycles.
This cost advantage translates into significant resistance to cycles during the lower prices of pigs. The full cost advantage of pig farming is added to the additional income space generated by slaughter, meat industry and extension of the industrial chain, as well as to overseas markets.
Sustained layout and stable income from pig sales will enable companies to become more resilient to the cycle of industry production, thereby reducing their share of the market and the industry's position will be further consolidated, laying the groundwork for future boom performance.
Corporate farming is ahead of schedule and its costs continue to grow. We expect the company to suffer from disease, price fluctuations for piglets, price fluctuations for raw materials, short-term demand, and the agricultural swirling group.
Experience, physical, level I, level I, level I, level II market experience, industry chain perspective and grass line, pig, pet, outdoor, doll study, reflecting my research views. I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't,
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
A three-board index (for protocol transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers), a Hong Kong market based on a permanent index, and a United States market based on a Dow Jones index, will not be considered a customer by the recipients for receiving this report.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See. For all consequences arising from the basis or use of this report, Chinese securities and/or their associates