Business advantages continue to grow, and lower-cycle competitiveness is evident - Rajihara Corporation (002714.sz) incident assessment report.
11,179 million yuan, or +15.52 per cent of the year, the net profit from the mother is $14,78 billion, and the cost of farming continues to break, allowing for structural optimization adjustments, three quarters of the decline in net profit is largely influenced by non-recurring factors, and the operating advantage continues to be maintained.
By the third quarter of 2025, the company had 573.2 million commodity pigs, and the impact. While the scale of the expansion continued, the cost control of the company ' s farming was remarkable, and the full cost of the commodity pigs fell to $11.6 per kilogram in September, which was even better than at the beginning of the year.
In terms of keeping the hogs in stock, the company has taken the initiative, 1 and " Wathara shares " (002714), to make structural adjustments and to adjust them to 3.305 million by the end of September.
We have achieved the expected 3.3 million targets, the slaughtering operation has reached a breakthrough in scale, and the strategic layout of overseas progresses steadily.
The cost-consistency continues to increase, the slaughtering industry continues to grow at a high rate, reaching 19.16 million in the last three quarters.
The slaughtering operation achieved a single-quarter profit in the third quarter, creating a new profit growth point for the company.
2024-10-30 The business risks of smoothing out the swing of the pig cycle, building a more robust model of profit, and significantly increasing the synergies in the industrial chain.
The South Baf cooperative farming project has been fully launched, with a planned annual roll-out of 1.6 million people, demonstrating the ability of companies to re-establish their home-grown farming management models overseas. The layout has helped companies to develop emerging markets in South-East Asia and to diversify the list.
A market risk provides a new space for growth. Industry continues to go down, with cost advantages to mitigate the risk of loss.
The downward trend is expected to continue. The industry will continue to deconstruct, guided by the end of the policy cycle. The company, with its robust cost advantage and the additional increase in slaughter and the continued expansion of overseas operations, will be able to meet at the lower prices of pigs.
For smaller losses, maintaining greater profitability and resilience to risks, and consolidating competitive advantages in the process of de-escalation. Companies have a relatively high cost advantage and are in the lead in the industry.
Epidemics, price volatility of live pigs, price volatility of raw materials, insufficient short-term demand
I do not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly for, or not for, the specific advice or opinion given in this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, the projection of a stock or industry index vis-à-vis the main indicators of the relevant securities market illustrates that: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes: a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreed transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer)
The Division will not consider recipients of this report as clients. It is reliable, but it does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting professional consultants, as necessary, on the financial, legal, commercial, tax and other aspects.