The cost of the agro-forestry fishery group continues to optimize its performance.
In the third quarter of 2025, the company issued a report on operating income of $111.79 billion for the first three quarters, i.e. +15.52 per cent for the previous three quarters, resulting in a net profit of $14.78 billion for the mother, i.e. +41.01 per cent for the same period; single q3 achieved sustained improvement in farm costs and profitability in slaughter operations.
1. Quantified Quantities: The long-term performance of the company shows a steady performance of 57.32 million pigs per year + 27 per cent per year, and 1157.1 million pigs per year + 151 per cent per cent per year. q3 alone looks at the 189.3 million pigs per commodity in the company, of which the full cost was reduced in September
By 11.6 yuan/kg, the efficiency of corporate farming has improved continuously, and there is still room for drops over the medium and long term at the cost end. The company responded positively to the call to control production capacity, and by the end of September it had reduced its stock of hogs to 3.305 million, with the total expected to remain stable by the end of the year.
The slaughter business was steady and successful as a profit. The company built on the edge of the industrial chain, the slaughter was able to climb rapidly, the slaughter was 1.91 million in the previous three quarters, a 140 per cent increase over the previous three quarters, the capacity utilization rate was 88 per cent, and the slaughtering business achieved a one-quarter surplus in the third quarter of this year.
In the future, the slaughter business is expected to make steady profits. Quality of operations continues to improve, and travel to the sea progresses steadily. Corporate asset and liability ratios up to the end of q3 amounted to 2,084 million yuan, while corporate financial structures continue to be optimized. In addition, the company works with Baf in Viet Nam.
Construction of a building farm in Viet Nam is expected to reach 1.6 million mark-ups in the post-partum year, with companies at sea level stable and medium- to long-term.
The company, as the leading industry, leads the livestock-costing industry, continues to optimize management indicators, has excellent performance performance, and is expected to improve steadily in the broader context of capacity regulation. Moreover, with the quality of the company’s operations and reduced capital spending, the company has not done so.
Risk of price fluctuations in pig prices; risk of disease in animals; risk of price fluctuations in raw materials; sweep for more services; sweep for more services
Analysis of rates of related reports in the market