The company published its annual report for 2018, which generated operating revenue of $5.874 billion, a year-on-year increase over the reporting period.
22.96 per cent; total profit realization of 1,284 million yuan, an increase of 6.77 per cent over the same period; rate of decline in the industrial and regulatory sector belonging to the parent company  18 years, with a similar increase of 32 per cent in the general automation of the Sinkuan industry; early recovery of the industrial and regulatory sector, with companies expected to continue to lead the industry at a rate of more than 30 per cent. 18 years of Chinese automated production
The size of the market was $126.4 billion, an increase of 6.1 per cent, a significant decline from 15.2 per cent in 17 years, with the official pmi data rebounding beyond expectations in the second half of 19 March, reaching 50.5 to return to the precipitous line, and we expect a trend recovery, which will be reflected in the second quarter of the year.
The Division ' s general automation plate, which has collected approximately $2,587 million over 18 years, an increase of 32.05 per cent, reflects a strong Alpha, which is the second quarter of a recovery in general automation that is likely to be higher than expected.
The company continues to deepen its strategic collaboration with Woo-tung and adjust its client structure to lower revenues;
Liner sales, 20 years of first-line traffic, accelerated overseas layout. Corporate sales of new energy cars, for the whole, were $841 million. This was 7.97 per cent lower than the previous year. Mostly as a result of the decline in commercial car sales, the use of vehicles was progressing well, as research and development invested $300-40 million in automobiles and electronics.
The forecast is low, with a 22% higher than expected increase in industrial-controlled recovery and utilization of one elevator, with a focus on multinational business clients and a higher level of capacity; the acquisition of Bestte to stabilize cash flow and enrich business patterns and business models.
Bestte stabilizes cash flow operations, enriches the industry, increases competition in the component industry, and increases demand for the big package downstream. Companies on the one hand focus on transnational business patterns and business models.
Large clients of enterprises, on the other hand, extend to solution products to upgrade the “large package” capability.3 and “Seconian technology” (3000124): Performance: In 2019, the company proposed to acquire Bestte and upgrade the “large package” capability, while the company and Bethet together
Quicker than expected, more general automation, complementarities in products, customers, and synergies are evident, which will form the domestic elevator parts industry, looking forward to the power of the vehicle.
The growth of the general automation operation in Kawa is expected to accelerate; the new power-borne power and power-control operation has begun this year; the company's revenue grew by 22.96% in 2018 and net profits by 10.08%, in line with expectations; and business objectives in 2019.
Revenues increased by 20 to 40 per cent and net profits increased by 10 to 30 per cent, better than market expectations. Companies issued annual reports in 2018, an increase of 6.77 per cent; net profits from parent companies, a gain of 1,167 million yuan, a gain of 10.08 per cent and an increase of 0.7 per cent corresponding to eps. During the fourth quarter, operating revenues were raised by $1.935 billion, a growth of 17.46 per cent and a rise of 31.98 per cent;
In 18 years, the industrial-controlled sector has been growing at a rate of up to 32%, and the industrial-controlled sector has recovered at a rate of up to 15.2% more than in 17 years, and the company is expected to continue to grow by around 30% in the future. China’s automated product market is 126.4 billion yuan, an increase of 6.1%, a significant decline of 15.2% over 17 years.
The oem market is more pronounced than the project-type market, where the 18-year growth rate is 5.0 per cent/7.5 per cent for oem and project-type markets; the sub-product is that the frequency of the decline is better than the servile, the frequency, the servo, the plc 18-year acceleration, the early recovery is more than expected, and we anticipate a trend recovery, which will be reflected in the second quarter.
In 18 years, General Automation received approximately $2,587 million, an increase of 32.05%, reflecting a strong Alpha 2 quarter recovery of general automation growth in the second half of the year, which is likely to be higher than expected. In the face of industry growth and decline, firms are pressing for opportunities for structural growth in the industry and improving overall solutions.
To achieve faster growth with multi-product solutions; to build solutions at the core of the emerging manufacturing industry with servile and medium-sized plc; and to take advantage of industry upgrading opportunities in the eu area to provide a change-of-the-mortality solution for customers. By insisting on “business marketing + technology marketing + brand marketing”, the market share of corporate generic automated products continued to rise in 2018.
General automation achieved sales revenue of $2,587 million, an increase of 32.05 per cent over the same year. Of this, the general frequency transformer is expected to achieve revenue of $1.470 billion, an increase of 33 per cent over the same period, an acceleration was confirmed in the third quarter and a high growth rate was maintained in the fourth quarter. This trend is related to the high levels of profitable capital spending in the traditional downstream run-off last year and is expected to continue this year.
The current year has seen a growth of more than 30 per cent; universal servers have generated about 924 million, an increase of 33.5 per cent over the same year, increased the four-quarter growth in income from the increased demand for lithium power equipment, and revenues from plc and hmi have increased by about $193 million, an increase of 18 per cent over the same year. The general automation plate has grown at a good overall rate of orders in the first half of 2018, compared with the target for the second half of the year.
The single-growth rate slowed somewhat, as income growth lagged, reflecting the previous low and higher levels, the first quarter in 2019, which we thought was low, and some of the channels since late March reflected the trend towards recovery, and the overall seasonal upturn this year was clear. The electric fluid service was affected by the industry’s low rate of growth by only 3% throughout the year, expanding rapidly in such industries as oil presses, aluminium materials, stand-alone machines, etc.
Quick. Low demand in the downstream market in 2018, and a sharp decline in corporate standard fixture orders. In response to the downturn in the industry, the company actively promoted new items, enhanced power and specialized combinations of servo sales, and increased industry outreach to oil presses, aluminium materials, stand-alone machines, among others, which grew faster in 2018.
The Estom team together completed sales of $495 million, an increase of 3 per cent; of this amount, the Estom Department completed sales of approximately $277 million, an increase of 14 per cent.
The company optimized the series of scara robotic products and launched the irb3006 tether. Industrial robots + Shanghai Ryan generated $84 million, an increase of 11.55 per cent, and Nanjing Segawa (industrial visual), a gain of $53 million, an increase of 45.77 per cent.
Automobile electronics fell by 7.97% over the same period, mainly from bus logistics vehicles, which entered second-line in 19 with a brand harvest, first-line cars for 20 years, and overseas, which is expected to get their mark next year, with great potential for the future. The bus sector continues to deepen its strategic cooperation with Woo-tung, and the restructuring of its customer structure has led to a decline in revenue.
The lighthouse customers produced 24.7 million new energy buses, or 0.47 per cent, of which 22.7 million were electric buses, or 11.79 per cent. The company continued to deepen its strategic cooperation with Woo-tung in 2018, with a steady volume of shipments, but the prices of products affected by the fall in subsidies, etc., have declined considerably. On the other hand, the financial situation of some of the clients in the industry has deteriorated.
Companies have actively adapted their client structure to avoid risks, which has also affected the speed of sales, and the decline in revenues from industry-affected logistics vehicle sales throughout 2018. The company logistics cars have broken out in 17 years, and now eight of the top 10 companies in the country are company clients, accounting for about 20% of the city.
The impact of the increased pressure on the logistics car industry as a whole has been low, with 113.2 million purely electric cars sold nationwide in 2018, a decline of 26 per cent compared to the previous year. The sales of new energy logistics vehicles by companies affected by the same ratio were thin and thin, domestic second-line cars were released in 19 years, first-line cars in 20 years, and overseas layouts accelerated.
The company has expanded its “three-step” strategy by car: (1) the project of two or three line companies in the country, completed in 2017, partially set in 2017, slightly released in 2018, expected to achieve more than 200 million orders, more than 100 million revenues, mainly Wilma, East Wind, etc., and will be a year of performance in 2019; (2) the project of one line company in the country, achieved good results in 2018
Good progress has been made with the projects of the eight domestic regional car companies, which have been successfully targeted for 18 years and projected for 20 years, including the Great Wall; (3) the offshore front line, which has been certified by the public, the BMW, many times, the 19-year target, with the international market first reaching a breakthrough, the public, the Mercedes, the Audi.
In terms of product development, a new generation of technology and product platforms, such as power control, power generators, slow-downs, power sources, etc.: a third generation of power generation products is being developed and is expected to be marketed by the end of the year. Overall, the company’s new energy automobile sales revenue is $841 million, a 7.97% decline in the same year, mainly in terms of exposure.
The impact of the decline in commercial vehicle sales was smooth, as research and development invested $300-400 million, with a 22 per cent higher than expected increase in the total number of car electronics elevators, with a focus on multinational enterprise clients and a larger capacity for upgrading the capacity; and the acquisition of Bestte to stabilize cash flow operations and enrich business patterns and business models.
In 2018, the real-estate market continued to adjust, the elevator industry slowed down and the whole elevator industry lost profit levels, while competition increased in the elevator parts sector, and downstream demand increased for the big appliance. Companies operated around three strategies: (1) Focusing on Multinational Enterprise Clients, 2018
The annual elevator speed increases are due in part to multi-firm customers; (2) extend to solution products and upgrade the "power" package: (3) build smart elevators that run through the post-elevator market and explore the area of stereo parking. Corporate elevators grew better in multinational enterprises, overseas markets, and home elevator markets during the reporting period.
Over 1.8 million units have achieved sales revenue of $1.37 billion over 18 years, an increase of 22.34 per cent over the same year, with a continuous increase in the city share, but the Māori rate has declined as a result of the increase in out-sourcing of products. In 19 the company plans to buy Bestte, enriching business patterns and business models.
Equity, Bester is the leading domestic elevator parts and components enterprise, with city positions such as human interfaces, buttons, monitors, and so on, with industry leading by 2,424 million yuan in 2018, making a net profit of 235 million dollars. The company’s capacity for a “big match” solution is expected to continue to grow, while the company and Bethett complement each other in terms of products, customers, and synergy.
The effect is evident, with the domestic elevator parts industry taking the lead, further raising the city's share, and it is expected that the elevators will remain in orbit and secure in Suzhou, heading to the whole country, with orders entering an intensive delivery period. By the end of 18 years, Jiangsu has been in the middle of track 2, 3, 4, 5-trailing system in Suzhou, with tram 2-trailing system, with the winning rate.
Over 100%; in other areas, the number-one-point-four, two-stage-two towed system, the number-one-two-line of Guiyang, and the number-one-phase-of-South transhipment, have been secured in Suzhou, and the trend towards the national level has been established. In 2018, the company's track-over was achieved, and by the end of the year, the company was in possession of approximately $1.38 billion in orders, which are expected to be confirmed annually in 19-21.
For reasons of product restructuring, the prices of individual products have fallen slightly, and the combined Māori rate has declined slightly, but the Māori rate for new energy products has declined significantly, with the decline in the Māori ring ratio in the second half of the year mainly due to increased competition in product prices.
In 2019, the first half of the year was under equal pressure, the ring ratio had stabilized, and the Māori rate had the potential to increase as industrial controls recovered. Marketing and management rates fell by 0.65% and 0.64%, respectively, and cost controls were over-anticipated.
Of this amount, sales, advance receipts fell by 20 per cent, inventories rose by 22.6 per cent and cash flows remained stable. Net cash flows from operating activities in 2018 went into $471 million, a decline of 4 per cent; cash from sales to sales was $4,722 million, an increase of 39.1 per cent.
By the end of the reporting period, the company had actually made a contribution of 440 million yuan. Since its establishment, the former Central European Fund has been successful.
Two enterprises, mainly technological ones, in the areas of industrial automation, critical parts of new energy vehicles. The company participated as lp in the Fushan City Investment Fund for Innovative Smart Industries, which the company pledged to contribute 120 million yuan yuan. By the end of the reporting period, the company had actually made contributions of 68.1268 million yuan.
Four, with investments mainly in intelligent manufacturing-related areas. The Year of Branding 2018 was remarkable; the Year of Organizational Change 2019 was a year of expectation. In 2018, the company developed a brand strategy, refined its brand visual recognition manual, regulated brand visual dissemination, and built brands internally.
The year 2019 will be the year of organizational change in the Department of Public Administration, which will drive the fourth organizational change, introduce a matrix management structure, and further upgrade the company. In March, pmi over-expected rebounds, industrial controls are recovering early, and the general automation of HSBC operations is expected to grow faster; new energy sources are expected to grow faster.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board