Long-power technology (600584.sh) Electronics group National flagship platform-type sealing plant, globalized multi-product
The company is the third largest plant in the world, and the largest plant in China. It benefits from the semiconductor re-winding. Market value: $29.42.
The semiconductor atmosphere is rising, and the company's performance is getting warmer. The sealing plant collects and sells the semiconductor $ billion, an increase of 17.6% over the same period, and some of the national chip designers have 24q2 stock weeks of better rotation than ever before. Looking ahead, they will benefit from an enabling consumer of electronics and consumer electronics.
New items are released, downstream demand is expected to return to the growth trend. It's good to see the one that drives the consumer electronics and the new drops drive a new semiconductor cycle.
Long. The demand for arithmetic chips is high, and coyos and hbm production are in short supply, which is the key to arithmetic chips. According to Yole and the micro-consultancy, the world's advanced envelope market is expected to reach $48.2 billion over 26 years.
At present, the share of the state-of-the-art seal market is 39%, and it still has the potential to improve compared to the global market for state-of-the-art seal (49%). The company ' s Xdf01/1/chiplet process has gone well.
In addition, 19% of the company's remote shares focus on advanced containment areas such as high performance cpu/gpu and its integration with high-bandwidth storage chips.
In August 2024, the company acquired roe (belonging to the parent company) (sale)
80% of the stock deals in the disk semiconductor have been approved and are worth approximately $624 million, while the disk semiconductor is mainly involved in the encapsulation and testing of advanced flash products, including inand flash modules, sd, microsd storage, etc.
Income from 23h1 was $3.498 billion and $1.605 billion, with net interest rates of 10.2 per cent and 13.8 per cent, respectively, regardless of the impact of the acquisition of the disc, and the company was projected to achieve net return profits in 24-26 years, respectively.
I. Long-range electricity technology: the pioneers in the field of integrated circuit containment in the globalized layout, 1.1 in the field of deep-deep farming containment across the board, with the global layout achieving semiconductor giants, established in 1972 and placed on the market in 2003, becoming part of the country through endogenous growth and outsourcing.
According to a list published by the Chipinsights Institute (chipinsights) of the 2023 Global Commission's external seal (OSat), long-power technology is ranked third among the top ten Osat manufacturers in the world, and first in mainland China. The company's development can be divided into the following four stages:
In 2003, the company was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the country’s first semiconductor sealing company.
In 2005 it entered the area of sip (system-level encapsulation) products, becoming the country’s main shopper. In 2011 and 2012, the subsidiaries were set up in Long Power Technology (relocation) and Long Power Technology (Zongzhou) to perform, respectively, the fuse blocking, integrated circuit encapsulation, inverting and testing of high- and small-power devices.
Globalization layout (2015-2020): In 2015, the company acquired US$ 780 million from the Integrated Circuit State Industrial Fund to upgrade the industrial structure of the world’s fourth largest bottling firm, and established a cooperative relationship with the international semiconductor industry. In 2016, the company established a jsck in Korea to integrate the sip industry of the company’s symphony company.
In 2019, a new 12-inch crystal-clip line was built in Korea, and large-scale production began. In 2020, the Long Electric Technology Management Company was set up, and the construction of an advanced sealed production line in the Shao Hing ICway was launched.
High-value business expansion (2021-present): in 2021, the company set up a design service centre and a motor electronics centre to centrally plan and operate a vehicle-borne electronics business. In the same year, the Xdfoi multi-dimensional advanced encapsulation technology was launched, providing a full range of solutions for the integration of high-density isomers. In 2022, the company established the Shanghai Innovation Centre and launched the long-electric micro-crystal micro-scale.
System integration high-end manufacturing projects to accelerate the development of a global leading platform for advanced containment technology research and development services. In 2023, the high-density multi-dimensional isomer integration series of xdf01chiplet entered a stable volume production phase and was widely applied in areas such as high-performance computing, artificial intelligence, 5g and motor electronics.
1.2 The shareholders change their contribution to healthy development, and the subsidiaries have a clear division of business between the Hua-Yuan Group or become the company’s actual controllers. According to the company’s announcement, the company’s two former shareholders were the National Large Fund, Phase II and the Cycetic Semiconductor, Phase II, the National Integrated Circuit Industry Fund, March 2024, and the Cycetic Semiconductor and Stone Hong Kong, respectively.
After the change of interest, the share share of the company's first major shareholder country in the second phase was changed from 13.24 per cent to 3.5 per cent, the core electrical semiconductor transferred 12.79 per cent of the shares, while Rock Hong Kong will account for 22.54 per cent of the company's equity, becoming the company's first largest shareholder, and Rock Hong Kong holds the share in China Yunchang.
To date, the transfer of powers by the Unit has been under way. On 4 June, the company issued a public announcement stating that there had been a business change and a new country in Long-Technology Motors Electronics (Shanghai) Ltd.
The Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund, Phase II, Inc., and the Shanghai Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund, Inc., are shareholders, while the company’s registered capital has been increased from $400 million to $4.8 billion. The company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, the Chief Electric Science and Technology Management, has limited the company’s ownership of 55% of automobile electronics and is a shareholder in automobile electronics.
The company has advanced containment technologies (sip/wl-csp/fc/ewlb/pip/pop and xdf01 series, etc.) and technologies such as mixed signals/radio frequency (RFID) tests. The company has eight production bases and two major R&D centres in China, Korea and Singapore, located in more than 20 countries and territories.
There are operational agencies. Corporate clients are well structured, able to provide close technical cooperation and efficient industrial chains with global clients. Companies have eight production bases and two research and development centres in China, South Korea and Singapore, with offices in more than 20 countries across the globe, including the United States, Europe, and the United Kingdom.
Xingqingpen, divided into three Korea/Singapore/Gangyang plants, mainly high-sip/fo-wlp/fccsp, etc.; long-power Korea main layout cell phones and high-end sip, e.g., wearable equipment, etc.; and long-text, advanced and long electrical microelectronics, e.g., in Jiang Ying, producing bga/qfn/sip/bumping/tsv/wlcsp, etc.
State-to-resident camps have traditional envelopes, mainly separate devices and generic-ic products. Chart 6: Companies with eight production bases in China, South Korea and Singapore and two major R&D centres successfully seized opportunities for industry upgrading and new technology trends through deep collaboration with core clients.
At the end of the spectrum, the company pre-positioned high-density sip technology and worked with a number of high-end international clients to complete the development and volume production of a number of 5g radio frequency (RF) modules. With regard to foreign customer imports, Korean factories worked with multiple Euro-American-Korean-car-car-carrying customers in 2021 to launch a car product module, mainly for smart cabins and adas.
The new energy car chip project was developed in collaboration with the client's car-borne entertainment information and adas-assisted driving. In 2023, the company's fdf01TMchiplet high-density multi-dimensional integration series was scheduled to move to a stable volume production phase for high-performance computing, auto electron, 5g, and to synchronize the integration of the international customer's 4nm node multichip system
1.3 Performance has recovered with sustained optimization of the business-structured client group Annual operating income by market application area: 43.9 per cent of electronic communication, 25.2 per cent of electronic consumption, 14.2 per cent of electronic operations, 8.8 per cent of electronics in industry and medicine, 7.9 per cent of electronics in automobiles and electricity in telecommunications
Sub-areas show strong growth momentum. In the second quarter of the first half of 2024, companies achieved a double-consumption e-income growth of more than 30 per cent in the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of 2024, and the trend of conversion since the end of the first half of the last year, with customers concentrated mainly in the United States market and mainland China, with United States customers accounting for more than a quarter of the year.
59% of clients cover most of the leading clients in the industry. 85% of the top 20 semiconductor companies in the world now have a business relationship with the company, according to the Institute of Thinking. The main clients are integrated circuit manufacturers, Fabless and Crystal Circle plants. As of 2023, the company ' s overseas operations accounted for 78.38% of the total, in recent years.
The company’s top five clients sold $15 billion in 2023, representing total annual sales. Figure 10: Company products are mainly used for downstream communications and consumer electronics.
By consolidating its internal resources, the company benefits in depth from the profitable release of the advanced containment volume of Starcomb; on the other hand, in 19-21, the last round of semiconductors was characterized by high temperatures, and the company achieved a high rate of increase in net return profits over three years. Twenty-three years later, the downstream consumer electronic pull-off failed to meet expectations, the semiconductor industry went to the warehouse phase, and domestic and foreign customers.
The company's three major cost rates are well controlled and the R & D rates are on the rise. The company continues to optimize its management team and manages its cost rates.
In addition, the company’s R & D rate is slowly rising, reflecting the firm’s emphasis on R & D and the advanced containment technology of the forward layout. Second, the semiconductor industry is recovering, and the advanced envelopes are being built in a stronger future.
2.1 The industry continues to recover and grow, with companies operating overseas with a strong degree of certainty. The sealing plant collects and sells semiconductors in a highly symmetrical relationship. The sealing link is relative to the semiconductor chain, and the plant's products enter the final product of the chain into the manufacturer's inventory.
Designers cut the bill, and sealers’ performance will decline significantly; but if downstream demand improves, the Design Chamber of 10 will first raise the bill to the sealer, pushing the entire industrial chain to reverse from the bottom. On a scale, the trend in global tap semiconductor sealing is largely consistent with global semiconductor sales.
The semiconductor landscape is gradually recovering, and sales are expected to return to the upper stage. The overall trend in semiconductor sales shows that the industry has experienced two distinct growth cycles between 2010 and 2023 and now faces a new start. The quarterly pattern shows higher sales in the first and fourth quarters, compared to the second and third quarters.
Low, consistent with seasonal fluctuations in traditional electronics and manufacturing. With improved end-out volumes and reduced stock pressure, the semiconductor industry will be warming up to lower downstream demand, and the semiconductor industry is expected to recover.
The stock turnover rate in the domestic semiconductor industry chain has improved and downstream demand has been steadily moving upwards. At the supply end, the semiconductor core in 2023 was recovered. In 2024, a share simulation and digital chip designers recovered their stock turnover rate of 24q2, which was 0.99 and 0.68. The 24h2 industry is expected to move to a full season and stock turnover is expected to be maintained throughout the year.
On the demand side, the ii brought new life and dynamism to the electronics sector, and the end-market output showed a positive trend, releasing positive signals to the industry landscape. The second half of 2023, when mobile phones and pc markets came out of a low state, the root was that, according to the counterpoint data, 2023q4 global smartphone output was equal to +7 per cent, reaching 323.2 million in 24 years.
According to gartner, 2023q4 global pc shipments totalled 63.3 million, equivalent to +0.3%. Looking ahead, the landing of the endsideai is expected to generate a new rotational demand for consumer electronics.
The stock ratio is stable at a lower level than it is at 1.17%. Consumer demand is rising in the United States electronics market, and the wholesale retail end will enter the replenishment cycle.
The test version will be launched this fall as a built-in feature for ios18, iidos18 and macossequaia. The company downstream is dominated by telecommunications, consumer electronics, etc., with 2023h2, mainly in the post-Moor era, with a steady increase in the size of the encapsulation market and an advanced encapsulation as the main driving force.
As Moore’s laws evolve, the cost of technological R & D rises, the cycle of R & D expands, and the importance of advanced encapsulation technologies becomes increasingly important. This technology not only effectively addresses the challenge of high-density heterogeneity integration, but also enhances systemic energy and reduces costs.
The effects of doubling the number of tubes, improving performance or reducing costs are gradually diminishing. This trend suggests that Moore's law slows down, integrating the circuit industry is facing new challenges. The number of transistors on the chip is increasing, and the cost of transistors per unit is decreasing, and ibs statistics show that the cost per billion transistors is decreasing from 16 nm to 10 nm.
23.5%, while the cost fell by only 4% from 5 nm to 3 nm. The cost effect of Moore’s laws is becoming more pronounced, with advanced encapsulation techniques becoming the new focus of industrial development.
Figure 22: Comparison of the cost of a number of transistor tubes per unit IEC market sizes are growing year by year. According to Yole and Micro-consultancy data, the global closed market size was $81.5 billion in 2022, an increase of 4.9 per cent over the same period, and market size is expected to reach $96.10 billion by 2026, 2022-
In 2026, the capr was 4.2%, and the market size of mainland China is increasing as one of the three main markets for the sealing industry. According to Chinese semiconductor industry associations and emblem advisory data, the size of mainland China’s closed market was 29,950.0 billion yuan in 2022, and is expected to reach 32.484 billion yuan by 2026.
The size of the advanced envelope market and its share have continued to rise, and China’s share of the advanced envelope is expected to increase. According to Yole and the collection of micro-consultancy data, the global market for advanced seals is expected to reach $48.20 billion by 2026, with a composite annual growth rate of 6.3% between 2022 and 2026, with the share of the advanced envelopes expected to exceed 50%.
According to the statistics of the Chinese semiconductor industry association and the collection of micro-consultancy data, China ' s mainland advanced sealing in 2020 was about 13.8 per cent, with a combined growth rate of about 13.8 per cent in the fourth year of 2020-2023. At present, the share of the country ' s advanced seal market is 39.0 per cent, and there is still a large gap and potential for improvement compared with the share of the world ' s advanced envelope market (48.8 per cent).
Cowos (chiponwaferonsubstrate) is the first 2.5d advanced containment technology introduced in 2011 by a battery, including the coyos-s, coowos-r and coowos-l. coows-s include coows and os, which are connected to the silicon crystal circle through the cow process, and then through the bungs.
\triangleright chip is connected to the base plate. The technology uses microbunks and silicon perforated processes instead of traditional fuse keys, which are interconnected to the same silicon intermediate layer with a reduced encapsulation size, reduced power, and enhanced system.
Cowos-r is a fan-based crystal-circle encapsulation that uses rdl plugs to achieve interconnectivity between chips (often used in the isomer integration of hbm and soc), and the rdl rectangular layer consists of polymers and copper wires with a high degree of mechanical flexibility. This flexibility increases the integrity of the c4 connection and allows for a larger encapsulation to meet more complex functional needs.
Cowos-l is a fan-based crystal circle envelope that combines the advantages of coows-s and info technology, interconnects the chips by using interpolators with lsi (local silicon interconnection) chips, and transmits power and signal through the rdl layer, with the most flexible integration.
One needs a lot, coyos, hbm, and so on. All customers on the station need pre-encumbrances to integrate high bandwidth memory on the intermediary floor.
Cowos production capacity, although power generation is increasing as much advanced containment technology as possible, still does not meet demand. The power build-up announcement plans to expand power capacity at more than 60% of the compound annual growth rate until at least 2026.
3.1 Industry upgrades are driven by the abundance of downstream applications of corporate products The company has a comprehensive layout of advanced containment technologies, particularly high-density sip, large-sized inverted technologies and crystal-crystal containment techniques, which account for more than two-thirds of the company's total revenue.
In recent years, firms have accelerated the strategic layout of high-value adding markets, such as electronics, high-performance computing, storage, and 5g communications, with a sustained focus on high-value-added applications of high-performance containment technologies.
Communications: The company has accumulated more than a decade of experience in large fcbga containment tests with full-size fcbga production capacity ranging from 12 x 12 mm to \triangleright 77.5 mm in 2023.
The field's radio front end module and aip module, which led to the introduction of a mass production programme for 5-millimeter wavel-patid products and tests among clients, while achieving a 5-millimeter commercial presence in the overseas market. 19% of the company's shares in the Long Shore, focusing on the advanced sealing line.
The production and development of advanced encapsulations in the intermediate circuits, the project completion of the 2021 phase of the project, which imports hdfo (highly secret fanning of encapsulation) operations, fully achieves the annual capacity of 480,000 pieces of advanced encapsulation in the 12 inches of crystal circle after delivery, for applications such as 5g communications, artificial intelligence, high performance computers and autopilots.
Long-shue focuses on state-of-the-art encapsulations, mainly in ewlb, hdfo, 2.5dsip, 3dsic, 3dsip, etc. Long-shopper containment technologies are geared towards high 1-0 and high-density heterogeneous integration of encapsulation requirements, such as high-performance cpu/gpu and its integration with high-bandwidth storage chips, network chip encapsulation, high-performance fpga product encapsulation, etc., and serve high-performance.
In addition, the technology should be used for autopilot radars, wearable equipment, medical devices, etc. In June 2023, the Changshaing project released the latest technology for the integration of crystalline isomers in the East Lake Fo-aip, which allows the integration of multiple chips through crystallized circular envelopes.
Figure 31: Long-Shob products for auto-driving radars, wearables 32: Long-Shob products for high performance cpu/gpu/fpga, sex
Automobile electronics: The company has a dedicated automobile electronics centre with product types covering various applications such as smart cabins, smart web links, adas, sensors, power devices, etc.
In April 2023, the company established a joint venture with Hong Kong, Shanghai, to build a new section of the Shanghai Free Trade Pilot Zone for the manufacture of car chips.
The dynamic development of the new energy automobile industry: June 2024, the second phase of the National Large Fund officially entered the Chief Electric Technology Vehicle Chart 33: Related technology in the electronics sector of automobiles - fbga High Performance Calculating: the company will invest in research and development into high-density, multi-layered, heavy-column wrapping technology for fo-mcm.
\triangleright can provide a stable high rate of output. The company provides a full-scale artificial intelligence/iot network solution, and the interior sector covers most of the generic envelope testing types and some of the high-end containment types in the encapsulation industry, and the output is adequate.
In July 2024, Semi reported that the long electron electron crystalline microsystem integration high-end manufacturing project (phase I) of the Jiangsu major industrial project completed the planning verification process and will be officially completed in follow-up.
Upon completion of the high-end manufacturing project phase, the capacity to produce 6 billion high-end advanced encapsulation chips per year can be reached. The project focuses on the world-wide 2.5d/3d high-density crystal-crystal containment technology, which provides high-performance envelopes ranging from encapsulation and co-design to chip products Storage: continuous enrichment and development, actively seeking outreach opportunities. Corporate services cover a variety of storage cores, such as dram, flash, etc.
\triangleright, which has more than 20 years of experience with the storage of encumbrances, 16 layers of Nandflash stacking, 35 μm ultra thin chip production capability, hybrid heterogeneous stacking, etc., are in the lead in the domestic industry.
Figure 35: Technologies relevant to storage - fccsp Chart 36: Technologies relevant to storage - fcbgasip August 2024, the company announced a cash acquisition of 80 per cent of shares in Shaping Disk Semiconductor (Shanghai) Ltd.
Once the deal has been completed, the company will establish a closer strategic partnership with the Western data to increase customer stickyness.
The Shaft semiconductor is mainly involved in the encapsulation and testing of advanced flash storage products, mainly in-and flash storage modules, sd, microsd, etc.. The Shaft semiconductor earned 3.498 billion in 2022, 1.605 billion yuan, net profit of $357 million, $222 million, and the corresponding net interest rates of 10.2% and 13.8% respectively.
3.2 As a pioneer in the technology of Chiplet, the company has continued its commitment to technological depth and the upgrading of research and development capabilities. The company is in the lead in the technology of Chiplet, which has significantly increased the number of transistors and the ability to calculate through a multichip structure to meet the demands of high-performance calculations.
Programmes such as isomer integration have significantly increased the number and arithmetic capacity of transistors, meeting the demands of big data, big models, and great computing. Companies have now made breakthroughs in fast-speed interconnected envelopes in 2.5d, 3dchiplet, etc., and are expected to raise the volume of envelopes, bringing greater resilience and growth potential to the industry. At the same time, companies have stabilized their output xdfoi
The Chiplet process and the establishment of the Department of Industry and Smart Applications, which focuses on the area of artificial intelligence, have made a breakthrough in providing a 2.5d, 3d, and a high-speed interlocking connection to future industrial upgrades. The company actively promotes breakthroughs in traditional containment technologies, starting with a variety of innovative integration technologies in the areas of crystal-circle encapsulation, inverted chip interconnection, silicon permeation (tsv), etc.
In terms of technology 2.5d, the company 2.5dewlb uses the ewlb intermediary layer to achieve high-density interconnectivity, with 3d integration for efficient heat-dispersing and rapid processing speed, to achieve high bandwidth. The company ' s eol integrated 2.5d envelopes with mature meoltsv integration experience, focusing on high-yield production that is economically efficient, making Tsv a viable commercial solution.
With regard to 3d integration technology, the company's face-to-face ewlb-pop configuration provides direct vertical interconnection between application processors and memory chips, achieving a structure with a high bandwidth and very fine spacing that is no less robust than Tsv technology. The xdf01/1/chiplet process achieves stable mass production.
The silicon cell and silicon hole programmes are being developed. By synthesizing, Xdfo1 ounces of technology are integrated and tested, covering 2d, 2.5d, and 3d combinations. In 2dmcm, Xdfo1 ounces of technology show maturity and progress is being made in the development of silicon tanks and silicon holes.
The number and arithmetic of transistors satisfy the need for big data, large models and high-calculations and constitute a key advantage in the competition between domestic and advanced international manufacturers.xdf01-2.5d is a new technology for ultra-high-density crystal-crystal sealing of Tsv-1ess, and thus its cost and containment in the system.
In addition, the Xdfoi technology supports the integration of multiple chips, high-bandwidth memory and sourceless devices within it. These advantages provide high value for value, high integration,
High-density interconnectivity and high-reliability solutions.iv. Profit predictions and investment proposals. Income projections: gartner predicts that semiconductor sales are expected to re-enter upward trends. Semiconductor sealing in industry.
The chain's position is backward. Therefore, downstream pull-ups are expected to lead to semiconductor sealing, and the atmosphere is expected to move up. Without considering the impact of the acquisition, we predict: 1) e-communications: benefit from the need to replenish the reservoirs in the first half of the year and the demand for the consumer electronic integration of the ai-la switch, and we predict the company's 24-26 years of telecommunications e-business.
Facing electronics: There are signs of recovery in the consumer electronics industry, where we forecast corporate revenue from consumer electronics in 24-26 years, automobiles and electronics: the company's terminal car chip containment base is expected to be completed and operational by early 2025. We predict that the company's electronic automobiles business is growing faster, with the company's electronics revenue in 24-26 years being 3,632 million yuan, $5,128 million,
The company continues to optimize its business structure, focusing on high-value-added applications, setting up specialized auto chip-based manufacturing plants, while expanding its storage layout and promoting high-performance encapsulation technology. In addition, it benefits from domestic and international chip-based companies that pull up goods, the company’s crop rate continues to warm, and the Māori rate continues to improve. We expect the company’s Māori rate to be 2024-2026.
Industry has not recovered as much as expected: companies are currently concentrated downstream in such areas as consumer electronics, industry, and so on. Current consumption e-end performance is weak, and subsequent downstream recovery may have a negative impact on corporate performance.
The risk of increased competition in the industry: the semiconductor industry is highly competitive, more adm, more fab plants are well-emplaced, and the risk of increased competition in the industry is likely to result from the subsequent expansion of the more advanced capping sermons by too many players.