First-named winning telecommunications cloud pool, sdn, highlights integrated operational capabilities. China Telecom announced a centralized procurement process for the 2017 provincial cloud pool pilot sdn project.
As a result, Chinese communications (000063.ch/RMB 35.66, bought) were successful in consolidating the top score, and telecommunications began to deploy a cloud-based pool based on sdn, pre-empting the silting of the network.
The pre-trial announcement, the phase of the project, the commercial deployment of the sdn network in seven provincial sub-firms, Guangdong, Jiangsu, Guangxi, Zhejiang, Sichuan, Hunan, Jiangxi, and so on, has enabled the data centre network to be automated since 2014.
We believe that the long-term layout of the cloud computing area will be launched in 2017, and that the number of subsequent telecommunication cloud pools will increase steadily.
The advantages of the network and business services of sex sequestering, through the active layout of the sdn-based cloud pool, are winning the first winning position in the overall ranking, showing the competitiveness of its integrated operations.The project looks at 10 dimensions of key technical indicators, including virtual exchanges, according to the bidding company.
The functions and performances of all sides, such as machines, gateways, virtual firewalls, high availability, north direction, high transportable dimensions and computing virtualization compatibility. In the form of the product, China will provide the project with a zenicvdc controller, a dvs virtual switch, v6000vrouter and a full series of software sdn solutions for vfw.
The sdn controllers, vxlan gateways, nves, vfw will be deployed on virtual machines in pure software form, creating a home-grown stream of applications in the field of sdn. In addition to being steady and stable in the field of traditional communications equipment, the recent year has been an active response to the changes in the ict integration, and research and development has been heavily invested in cloud computing, sdn/nfv, etc.
Communications in the Middle East: Good real profitability, areas of comparative advantage, greatly enhanced in integrated operational capacity, this time as evidenced by its first achievement, in its continuation and consolidation, 2017.11.7.
Comprehensive and prominent competitiveness in the area. 5g building ahead, with long-term evolution of the grid-fixing architecture.
The operator ' s cloud pool carries a variety of business platforms and the int system. With the rapid growth in business volume, the cloud pool has grown rapidly, its automated deployment, multiple tenants, multi-resource pools are connected to each other, and there is an increasing need to optimize the cost control of construction and transportation costs.
The sdn program of Wu Yu Wen's resource pool was first tested and is also a necessary route in the context of network cloudization. 5g nuclear (86221) 20328313
The heart net function slices directly require the virtualization of the sequestered software, which will evolve over a long period of time as the network is expanded and optimized around mobile access networks. It can be expected that as the 5g plates approach, the sdn conversion of the sequestered resources will accelerate further, creating a huge demand.
The emergence of communications at the head of a communications facility with the virtualization of the telecommunications facility at the time of the event will present a major opportunity. (8621) 203830303