Recalculating performance is not the beginning of the end, but the end of the start.
We measure performance growth in 2017 by excluding three major factors, namely, options accounting costs, investment returns, and exchange gains. The options accounting cost: $268 million of options accounting costs began to be accounted for in July 2017.
Since 2017, the corporate strategy has focused on raising the market share of the operator’s network, optimizing the equity structure, developing a strong business base, and increasing the market share, both overseas and within the country. Building on the company’s five-g standard for leading advantage in research and development of technology products, deployment of the five-g scale after 2020 will open the way to improved corporate performance.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wisdom in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East.
The Boeing Award is the top ten prizes for the excellent combination (seventh place). Yang Yang is the top ten prizes for research in the industry of the Chinese securities industry in 2012 (eighth place).
Communications are very good, six years of Chinese telecommunications and China’s experience in mobile network planning, traffic management, product managers, market operations and strategic planning, research in the fields of main object networking, big data, etc. The researcher’s own views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.