The year-round performance was strong, and attention was focused on the continuous catalytic role of the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre event: the company issued its third quarterly report in 2017, generating 76.6 billion yuan in operating revenue in the first three quarters, a year-on-year increase
7.0%: Net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $3.90 billion, an increase of 36.6% over the same period, of which the q3 profit from Nubia sales contributed more than during the reporting period in the third quarter. The company’s main business grew steadily in the first three quarters. The third quarter of this increase was mainly due to the sale of 10.1% of Nubia shares by the company, which was eliminated.
With regard to the Māori rate, the combined Māori rate for the first three quarters was about 31.6%, with a strong year-round level of certainty, and a focus on continuing catalytic action over the next six months of 5g. The company had already shown in its third quarterly report that it could achieve steady growth and better performance certainty. By the end of this year to next year, the 3gpp meeting would be held.
It will be intense, the 5g agreement will remain frozen, and there will be a lot of catalysts. It will be expected that the central communications, as an absolute five-g leader, will benefit fully, value the level or further increase. • Improved corporate management will focus on the bulk of the business.
Governance measures and reforms, focusing on major business, de-escalating non-core business, are expected to further strengthen corporate management and efficiency in the later stages. Meanwhile, companies continue to profile the 5g era, with the second phase of the IT II experiment, which was recently completed, after China, with much better results than Nokia and Ericsson.
Companies are actively expanding their operations abroad, not only buying 48% of the shares of the Turkish listed company Netas at $101 million, but also actively working with overseas operators to build a layout for the 5g. The current boom in communications has revealed that the emerging market position of the times is expected to be further strengthened.
$, taking into account an average of about 30 times the value of the main equipment vendor ' s market, and with more catalysts in the next six months of 5 g, 1. Mid-Engine communication (00063): Operator and consumer industry 2. Middle-Engine communication (00063): lightweight body focus business
Deep farming, with a full distribution of 5g dividend (2017-03-24) No compensation will be obtained either directly or indirectly from the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.