Real profitability has improved and advantages in various fields have continued to be consolidated. In the China-China newsletter, three quarterly reports were published in 2017, and the group collected $76.579 billion in the first three quarters, an increase of 7.01 per cent over the previous year; net profits attributable to general shareholders in listed companies were 3,904 million yuan.
The scale has risen steadily, and real profitability has improved. Under the refocusing goal, core business has been levelled off, with a clear trend towards loss reduction; the network of operators has shown good trends and remains the largest source of corporate profits, with a combined Māori ratio of 29.53 per cent, a slight decline compared to the previous two quarters, but higher than during the same period last year.
The increase in staff costs resulted in a significant increase in the sales and management rates, with a net return on investments that kept the profit margins of the business high for two consecutive quarters. The first three quarters came to the parent profit of $3.95 billion, while the third quarter realized a net return of $1,612 million, representing an increase of 47.53 per cent, of which $2.0 billion was a non-recurring gain or gain.
Of this amount, 2,113 million comes from pre-tax investment revenues associated with nubia. If we compare the actual profit level with the profit level in the second half of the year, which we believe will be calculated, based on the projected profits of Sino-Chinese International of $4,632 million for the year, we will realize after-tax profits of 727 million in four quarters; and considering that in July, equity incentives will generate near $300 million in the second half of the year.
Global operators continue to upgrade around the current network, keeping the base network on scale, while actively exploring and laying it out.
New technologies, operations, and structures to ensure competitive advantage. The first three quarters of the year, with 9.1 billion dollars in research and investment, are expected to remain above 12 billion dollars in total, while global transport markets are becoming more competitive. On the domestic market, companies actively match the network building and technological evolution of the three operators, with market ownership of core products such as 4g and light transmission.
In the international market, the focus on large countries and mainstream operators, increased strategic inputs, higher-end client recognition, breaking through the value market and further optimizing patterns; in the consumer sector, the advantage of technological innovation and global layout, North American business continued to grow faster and domestic business development gradually improved; and in the physical networking area, the first safe nb-iot chip was released and
The first Nb-iot networks of domestic operators gained a better share, and international market layout began, with the overall technological advantage and market leadership further consolidated. Actively investing in forward-looking layouts, and growing space and value expectations are becoming clear.
The 5g technology validation and standard-setting process is being actively promoted by leading operators, accelerating the pace of the pilot business, leading the second phase of functional testing through national 5g technology validation. The 5g patent and pre-5g pilots have accumulated and will be worth a breakthrough over the next two years.
In the next two years, the number of connections will be on a larger scale and the level of application will be boosted, with the deployment of nb chips, modules and better start-up, with the leading share and integration applications of the combined equipment. Since last year, companies have introduced high-end products into the conglomerates.
The relatively low base digital domain is also expected to make leaps forward in recent years, leading to a coordinated development of business with a market price on November 8, 2017. Companies are maintaining a long-term high level of R & D investment, which is gradually turning into a future in 5g.
Long-term real competitiveness in hot spots such as cloudization, virtualization and smart cities is extremely valuable for investment. In China’s Communications: Re-focusing, Leading 5g, Risking Risks of Poor Investment by Operators, Industry Competitiveness Risks, Technology Route Risks, Geopolitics Risks.
Qualifying for Portfolio Investment Advisory Business.
Yee-gyeong!