Colon Pharmaceutical Industries (002422) 3-driven strategy is being implemented on a continuous basis, with innovative layouts entering the harvest period, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
• Suggested logic: 1) Innovative medicines: skb264, a166, and skb315 continue to improve the arc innovation pipeline, and currently skb264 has advanced to clinical iii and commercialization is to be expected; in 2022, the company worked with the overseas authorization of arc product in Mercado and the platform ' s value continues to be highlighted; 2) Large infusion: the domestic lead in sales.
In 2022, the main infusion income was $9.45 billion, and the Māori rate of the infusion business was among the top in the industry for many years: 3) imitative pharmaceuticals: the Colombote innovation platform continues to advance. Commercialization is expected. 1) Self-researching the layout of the adc platform is perfect.
Local late or failed treatment for late or transferary trineal breast cancer (tnbc), egfr-tki, transient egfr mutation of non-small cell lung cancer, treatment of past partial late treatment for at least second-line system chemotherapy, or transfer of hr+/her2-cde breakthrough therapy for breast cancer determined: 2) 2022
The value of the platform continues to be highlighted by the overseas authorization of a number of adc products in the east. Large infusion taps are well established, and package upgrades and intestine nutrition are driving growth.
In 2017, 136 generics were marketed, new ones were approved and accelerated through consistent evaluation of varieties; active participation in national and local collections
In addition, companies organize and improve more than 30 innovative pipelines. Simultaneous product cluster advantages are evident and are expected to be achieved, with first-time coverage given to “holding” ratings.
1 Colon Pharmaceuticals: Through the path of a difficult transition, the creative layout is approaching the harvest period 1.1 “Triple carriages”: Big Infusion + Antibiotic Intermediate + Formulation Operations. The Collon Pharmaceuticals industry cuts across the fields of pharmaceutical research and development, pharmaceutical manufacturing, and commercial circulation. It is a large-scale medicine with a well-developed industrial ecological system.
The company was founded in 1996 as the Sichuan Colon drug plant, and initially developed with the major infusion products, and became the largest in the country by 2010, when it reached the market; when it came to the market, it was firmly transformed into a “triple-driven, innovative development” strategy, beginning to replicate the manufacture of pharmaceuticals. The Kawaning project, launched in 2011, suffered from difficulties, which took six years.
Nearly 7 billion dollars, starting in 2018, were profitable as the first company in the country’s antibiotic intermediate; starting in 2013, the company was working hard to cultivate the Collon Institute, which has grown in the last two years, and the Institute is now reaping its harvest. The company’s development benefits from its unique genes, which are foresight, transformational energy, and strong enforcement from the big fluids and antibiotics.
Examples of success can be seen in the case of generics and some new medicines: 2) from 2016 to 2020, i.e. from 2016 to 2020, i.e., from 2016 to 2020, i.e., from 2016 to 2020, i.e., from 2016 to 2016, from 2016 to 2016, when i.e., when i.e., when i.e., when i.e., when i.e., when i.e., when i.e., when i.e., when i.
So far, the company’s new drugs are about to come on the market, and the sales of generic drugs have increased. The company’s development objectives can be summarized in four labels: “The country’s first big infusion enterprise” + “The first-tier antibiotic intermediate” + “The 10 billion big in generics” + “the first-class in innovation” – the Great infusion + the antibiotic intermediate + the formulation “troika” – has been forged, and the creative layout is in place.
Figure 2: Company career development path; 297 types of liquids, 420 types of other pharmaceutical products, 626 types, 82 items, 84 items of raw materials, 2 varieties, 2 specified drug supplements, 13 varieties of antibiotic intermediates, 6 species
A total of 13 specified medical devices, 33 innovative pipelines (10 innovative small molecular drugs and 23 biomolecular drugs), dominated by tumours, were deployed simultaneously in disease areas such as immunity, inflammation and metabolism. 1.23 rounds of innovative layouts entered the harvest period and profit-end growth continued to be strong
Three drivers of innovation have entered the harvest period, with firm growth in corporate performance. By 2016, corporate revenue was mainly from large fluids, accounting for up to 86.7% in 2012; in 2011, the company invested 10 billion yuan in the construction of the Trunchin project (including the Trunchin project and the accompanying Iboi coal mine, the Heng Fue Dynasty powder, and the Quantium Organism) and began to contribute revenue in 2017: two votes in 2018.
In 2018 - 2019, company profits fluctuated mainly as a result of price fluctuations in the Chuan Ning drug intermediate: the outbreak in 2020 led to a significant drop in hospitalizations, a 30 per cent decline in the same year in the major infusion operations and a drag on company revenues and profits in the first half of the year; and in 2021 benefited from recent imitations.
The high rate of growth in net profits from corporate parenthood, mainly as a result of the continued optimization of the fluid product structure; the continued release of non-revenue drugs; the recovery of the price of the main products of the raw drug intermediate: the milestone payments for collaboration between the company's innovative research and development project and msd confirmed the receipt of sales costs, the collection of the Māori rate and the larger impact of the epidemic, resulting in a significant improvement in the financial cost rate.
The company ' s research and development team has expanded, projects are increasing, research and development costs are in a fast-growing period, with R & D rates in the first three quarters of 2023, financial rates in the first three quarters of 2023 at 1.3 per cent (-1.2 pp), staff remuneration, depreciation amortization, etc., have decreased slightly, and there is still room for raising the M & A ratio between corporate large and non-infusion fluid operations in the first three quarters of 2023.
The current income of $1.83 billion (-8 per cent) is mainly a collection effect; the share of antibiotics and intermediate raw materials in the drug business has been maintained in recent years in large infusion operations: benefiting from the structural upgrading of liquid products, the continued release of high-origin soft plastic products, a steady increase in the Māori rate of liquid products, a two-vote remodelling of channels, the Māori ratio of 2023h1 has risen to more than 64 per cent, and the ratio of soft and stand-in bags is projected to be higher than 64 per cent.
Continuing upswing, Māori in the infusion business still has room for upwards; non-infusion business; smaller sales of prior-period formulations, with Māori rates fluctuated at around 30 per cent; after 2018, the Māori in the non-infusion business increased to 39.8 per cent of 2023h1, as the number of high-market Māori varieties increased, as a result of the high two-vote effect of formulations and the high Māori-promotion ratio, and the low cost of raw materials after childbirth.
▪ Infusion business  non-infusion agent business  antibiotic intermediate, raw material pharmaceutical business  pharmaceutical research and development project  infusion business Māori (%)  in non-infusion business  in other operations Māori (%)  in other operations  1.3 share structure is stable and subsidiary operations are diversified
(a) Large infusion areas: due to transport radius restrictions, companies secure the market share of the fluids through local subsidiaries and production lines, mainly in Hunan Collen, Guizhou Collen, Shan East Collen and Henan Collen: 2) Antibiotic intermediates, raw in the field of pharmaceuticals: companies focus on the Trunchin organisms, both up and down.
The Bureau's biology, branch companies and neo-dichemistry, as well as its antibiotic preparations in Guangxicollen: 3) Innovative medicine: the Ito Boteay Institute of Biology and Collon Research is dedicated to the research and development of big molecules, small molecular innovants and heavy-pound imitation pharmaceuticals, the Botaire Subject of Biobiology Innovation Research, and the Collon Institute of Medicine Research is dedicated to high-end imitation and improved innovation research.
2 Innovative Medicines: trop2adc is a global leader, working with Mossadung to build the Klembotea biopharmaceuticals field, and adc products are favoured by international drugs. In 2016, Colombote was founded to cut down 33 projects, 9 of which are small molecular drugs and 24 of which are biopharmaceuticals, until March 2023.
In 2022, the company worked with Mossadon on the product authorization of skb264, skb315 and preclinical adc. According to Frost Sullivan, Colombote was the first to outsource the internally discovered and developed adc candidate drug to the top ten organisms.
2.1skb264: Anti-cancer target adc. Transnational drug companies note that trop-2 (trophoblastcell-surfacementigen2) is a sugar protein, initially described as a surface symbol of cell breeding, but then scientists find that trop-2 expresses an increase in many physical tumors and decreases in normal tissues.
Specifically, high levels of trop-2 expression in cervical, triple breast and urinary skin cancers are 89%, 88%, and 83%, respectively, as well as in common cancers such as lung, endometoma, prostate, and rectum cancers. This makes the detrop-2 target treatment promising as a pancreatic treatment, and antibody drugs developed for trop-2 are currently available.
The potential for treatment is increasingly recognized. Figure 10: Trop-2 signal circuits.
In October 2022, the second target drug was still not on the market. At present, it is in place. The cytoxin drug skb264 is a distillant of the amphibious enzyme inhibitor, the fastest-promoting adaptive disorder at present is trine breast cancer and non-small cell lung cancer. In terms of research and development progress, skb264 is currently at the top of the national product and is marked against the national product.
In May 2022, Kuala Lumpur authorized Mosadongskb264 to conduct research, development, manufacturing, and commerce outside of China.
In terms of industrialization, Colombo will receive $47 million in advance payments and more than $1.3 billion in milestone payments, and will receive a net sales margin ranging from the median to the low double digits. The commercial value of Mercerton’s global commercialization operation and its co-production with Keytruda, the oncology king, will be greatly expanded.
In 2022 sabcs, Colon published clinical data for skb264 on the ii stage of late or transferred breast cancer. The extended study included 59 cases at a dose of 4, 5 mg/kg that had been partially delayed or reversed by the failure of second-line and above-standard treatment.
Transient tnbc patients. A total of 55 patients received at least one efficacy assessment, with a total mitigation rate of 43.6% orr (24/55), a confirmed rate of 40% orr (22/55) and a disease control rate of 80% dcr (44/55). 22 cases confirmed that the median dor of the prer patients was 11.5 months and a continuous mitigation rate of 77.5% for 6 months.
5.7 months (95% c: 3.8, 7.6) and the mos is 14.6 months. Based on data from the ii tnbc extension clinical trial, Colombo submitted to cde an application for and obtained consent for pre-clinical communication during the iii pre-clinical communication for patients who failed at least through second-line treatment tnbc.
Treatment of partially late or transferred breast cancer has been obtained by the National Drug Surveillance Authority (nmpa) Drug Review Centre (cde) for breakthrough therapy. 2.2a166: her2 positive breast cancer three-line adaptive disorder has been declared on the market.
In May 2023, the company announced to the National Drug Control Service that a166 would be used for the treatment of her2-positive breast cancer on the third line. The company plans to start the validation of 3-stage clinical trials in the second half of 2023 to explore the adaptation of a166 to the treatment of her2-positive breast cancer on the second-line end.
At present, there are three items of her2adc products that have been listed or applied for listing in the country, namely, Rhodes' NCB, Vidisito's, and Enhertu of the Third Communal/Aslicon.
The longline product Eun-Meu-Tutu and the soon-to-market enhertu. The clinical results of the Vidisito single against her 2-positive breast cancer were less than a166. The Eun-Techlo-Belce bill, which reached $2.18 billion in 2022, was the highest-selling adc product in the world in that year, and the forthcoming enhertu sales in 2022 were $1.56 billion, her 2-positive breast milk.
The market for adc drugs for gland cancer is wide. 2.3skb315: stomach cancers are considered to be the third highest cancer-related mortality rate in the future, in the future, in the future, in the future, and in the future, in the future, in the future, in cldn 18.2.
One of the most difficult cancers to cure in the world. In the case of late or transient stomach cancer or gej gland cancers, the median total survival period (mos) does not exceed 10 months. Although the human surface growth factor 2 (her2) target has already given the test point inhibitor to treatment and immunization, it is necessary to find other targets in the progress of stomach cancer.
Claudin 18.2 (cldn 18.2). Claudins are a group of closely connected proteins that maintain intercellular molecular exchange, widely distributed in stomachs, pancreas and lung tissues, which can be used for diagnosis and treatment. Cldn18.2 subtypes belong to the claudins proteurist group, cldn 18.2 proteins express a high degree of limitation in normal tissues and are expressed only in the distilled stomach mucouscopic membranes.
And the stomach gland. In normal tissues, cldn18.2 is usually buried in the gastric mucous membrane, which is largely unexposureable to the drug; malignant neoplasms, closely connected proteins are damaged, exposing the cldn 18.2 table on the surface of the tumor cell to a specific target point, which is combined with the drug to the target cldn18.2 and is thus resistant to the tumor. So, cldn18.2 is highly selected.
The study shows that cldn18.2 is expressed in pancreas cancer (50%), esophagus cancer, and lung cancer, showing its potential for diagnosis and treatment in other tumours. In the month, Colombote authorized the right to study, develop, manufacture, and commercialize Mercantonskb315 worldwide.
Lombotai will receive $35 million in advance payments and $901 million in milestone payments, and will receive a median to low double-digit stomach cancer track blackhorse, which is expected to be higher than the shoulder target of her2. With the benefit of the cldn 18.2 mechanism, the target adc drug is mainly adapted to stomach cancer and gastric tube boundary cancer. At present, only the adc drug approved for stomach cancer is available in the country.
Her 2nd target is only 3.7% – 20.2%. The cldn 18.2 is as high as 70% to 80%, so the cldn 18.2 target is expected to become a black horse in the stomach cancer race, filling the market gap for her 2th low expression or her2th negative stomach cancer.
2.4skb410: Nectin-4adc has been admitted for clinical trials and nectin-4 (nectincelladhesionmolecule 4) is an i-tramide protein that is overexpressed in multiple tumor cells, such as urinary skin cancer, breast cancer, pancreas cancer, etc. Nectin-4 promotes tumours by activating the pl3k/akt route
Cell breeding, splitting, migration, intrusion, etc. Thus, the use of nectin-4 as a treatment target could have been approved for treatment of nectin-4 years for second-line treatment for late urinary tract skin cancer. Seegen is now pushing Padcev to the first line of treatment through further clinical research. According to the annual report of Seagen, the global sales of Padcev in 2021 were $340 million in the United States.
The cost of treatment is approximately $38,000 per year; none of the Nectin-4 target adc drugs are currently on the market in the country, except that the padcev, which is already on the market abroad, is currently in the clinical stage ii, and the rest of the drugs are either clinical i or preclinical.
According to the National Health Board's Guide to Veste Cancer 2022, urinary skin cancer is a malignant tumor originating in urinary tracts, one of the most common malignant tumours in the urinary system, which accounts for more than 90% of urinary cancer.
According to the National Health Board's Vesico-Vanity Clinical Guidelines (2022 edition), combined chemotherapy based on platinum drugs is the most important and basic form of treatment for the transfer of urinary carcinogens. For platinum drugs that are ineffective, they can be treated with an anti-pd-l1 immunosuppressant, but the response rate for immunosuppressants is flat.
Only about 20% of the total, and there are still huge market gaps. Nectin-4 has been expressed in most of the skin cancers on the urinary roads, so nectin-4 target drugs are expected to fill the market gap in this area.
Up to seven of its clinical pre-adc candidate drug projects have been awarded to msd for research, development, production manufacturing and commercialization on a global scale or outside China, Hong Kong and Macao in the form of a global monopoly or exclusive licence option. Once the cooperation agreement has entered into force, Colombo will receive a lump sum of $175 million in unrefundable initial payments.
Milestone payments will be made to Colombote in accordance with the project development phase and commercialization progress, and will be raised to net sales of listed products. The total of relevant milestone payments will not exceed $9.3 billion.
Authorisation of revenue of 370 million yuan, resulting in an increase in the net return to the mother of 160 million yuan; receipt of a further $35 million in September from msd. On 23 September, the company announced that Mossad would terminate the exclusive licence granted to him to develop, manufacture and commercialize a clinical pre-adc asset; and not to exercise the exclusive choice granted to him by Colombote to acquire another pre-clinical adc asset
2.5a140: It is hoped to be the country's first West Tore-Setore-like, a egfr mono-resistant, adapted to rectum and neck cancer.
It was the standard drug for first-line treatment of rectum cancer in the last half of the left. In 2006, it was registered in China, and in 2018 it entered the National Health Insurance Directory, which was owned by Merk. The Xitosque anti-propriation has now expired, but no biologically similar drugs have been approved in the country.a140 As one of the seven Xitos anti-congents in the country, the iii period was officially launched in December 2020, and it is hoped that it will be completed.
For the country's first West Tosche analogue, opposed to the original medicine division. Three clinical sessions have been completed and production declared. 3 major infusions: strong taps, enhanced package & intestinal nutrients boost 3.1 major infusion taps, with a Māori ratio at the top of the industry.
Since its inception, the company has been engaged in a major infusion business, which has been established through excellent cost controls, and then seized of a medical machine. The opportunity to eliminate home-made infusions has rapidly developed into a country's most important basic infusion-producing enterprise, which has continued to expand its operations through the establishment of production lines in the provinces.
Upgraded, 12 basic fluids and more extensive therapeutic fluids, such as glucose, sodium chloride, nitroazine, oxyfluorsar, and non-fluorosaltoms, are often the first to be sold. The company’s large infusion plate collection increased steadily until 2019, reaching 10,460 million yuan in 2019; it was affected by the epidemic in 2020.
The main infusion sector is now concentrated in enterprises, and the Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry is consistently at the top of the big infusion industry, with sales reaching $9.45 billion in 2022, while the four meds are based on four meds.
At 5590 million bytes, two cranes in Hua Yun had sales of $2.6 billion in 2022, which was still in gap with the collen drug industry and the quartz medicine; the Māori ratio was also on the rise due to the influence of the two-count system, with a relatively high Māori rate known for cost control, and the Māori rate for the fluids business continued to be much higher in 2017-2022 than in the same industry for many years, reaching 63.8 per cent in 2022, compared to the same industry.
3.2 The industry has been growing rapidly at a rate of nearly 20% each year since the reform and opening of the industry, with a more complete variety and the highest capacity in the world. With the new edition of the gmp, the restraining order, the restraining order, and the restriction order,
With the introduction of a restraining order in 2012 and the onset of a cold winter, the country’s major infusion industry has entered a period of integration and is now in the process of deep integration. The supply pattern of our major infusion is stable, and the consumption of the major infusion is recovering significantly after the outbreak.
As a result, a large number of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) have withdrawn from the market for large fluids because they do not meet the relevant standards, and domestic production has contracted, and production in the market for large fluids has stagnated in 2013 and has continued to decline since then, with the national production of only 11.6 billion bottles/bags in 2018, with excess capacity resolved and supply and demand stabilized. On the demand side: overall, the consumption of our major fluids has been on the rise for 2008-2016.
In 2016, we had about 11.3 billion vials of medical fluids, the highest in recent years. With the introduction of the principle of “no muscle, no fluids” in all parts of the country, there has been a slight decline and stabilization in the consumption of our big infusion products, which, according to the Institute of Forward-looking Industries, was about 10.5 billion vials in 2019. In 2023, with public health in the country, we stabilized.
The package of large liquids is divided into glass bottles, plastic bottles, non-pvc soft bags, straight soft bags, etc. The non-pvc soft bags and straight soft bags are clinically safer and able than semi-open containers, such as glass bottles, plastic bottles, etc.
Effectively avoiding secondary pollution is the main thrust of the future upgrading of the bulk fluid package. The production of the soft-plastic package represents a revolution in the packaging of the fluid, providing new development opportunities for the country’s fluids.
In terms of industrial development, our market share of soft plastic packaging fluids has been rising. Soft bags and plastic bottles each now account for 40% of the market share, and glass bottles account for 20% of the market share.
The glass bottle dropped from over 50 per cent to about 5 per cent before it was marketed, and the plastic bottle ratio remained stable at around 50 per cent, with more than 35 per cent of priority products in non-pvc soft bags sold in recent years, the remaining 8 per cent being general soft bags, while the non-pvc soft bags remained larger at about 1 billion bags/bottles, or 86.4 per cent, but with a lower unit price for general fluids, sales amounted to $3.13 billion, or 66.6 per cent of sales of large fluids;
The volume of therapeutic infusion (including nutrient infusion) is 310 million bottles for the same period. Multi-room bags generally consist of solid liquid double-room bags, liquid double-room bags and liquid triple-room bags.
Only five were produced, while only Collon had the capacity to produce solid liquids, liquid double chambers, and liquid three-beds. Collen launched the Pulse-Libule double bag project in 2009 and received over 70 patent authorizations for 12 years, culminating in the first approved powder-Libular doublebag product in 2021 (injection of a thorium thorium/5% glucose injection).
In September 2022, the drug was registered for Nmpa with the sodium cerebral/sodium chloride injection, the country's first approved cerebral cerebral powdered double-bag product. 3.3 Intestine nutrients are gradually on the market, becoming an important driving force in the growth of the large infusion fluids.
The company’s adoption of several heavy pounds of intestinal nutrients has led to a rapid increase in the number of new intestinal nutrients after 2017. The intestinal nutrient products are important in the corporate area of fluids. In 2022, the company adjusted the variety structure and expanded the cover to become a domestic leader in intestinal nutrients in three product countries. In 2022, the company’s intestinal nutrients camp became a leading company in the country.
Income from sales of injectable fluids reached $1.19 billion (-15.3 per cent), with more than a dozen of the types sold, newly listed or launched for sale, including: medium- and long-chain fat milk/amino acid (16)/glucose (36 per cent) injectable fluids, medium- and long-chain fat milk/amino acid (16)/glucose (30 per cent)
In 2022, sales income increased by 218.8 per cent in the radial fluids (c8-24ve) and long-chain fat milk fluids (sought) in the thip-3 fish oils, respectively. According to cpa data, the total sales of the same generic products in 2021 were $2.8 billion, with a central collon of $700 million, or 25 per cent. In 2022, as the sales continued and new opportunities for harvesting were raised, they were marketed.
The total sales of products related to common-name products amounted to 1.75 billion yuan, of which 545 million yuan, or 31 per cent (the drop in sales is mainly due to lower prices for post-harvest products). The company is currently developing and is in the process of being evaluated, and the products are relatively large, and it is expected that the large infusion plates will continue to grow steadily.
Deepening the concentration of the industry is expected to increase further. The company has held a four-point share in the roll-out of liquid giants since 2014 and has maintained a 20% share since 2018, with a high product structure in the city of Colon plastic bottles, while the four drugs are dominated by standard soft bags, and matching the four-pack product lines will help the company improve the quality of the product and reduce unit costs: the marketing area.
At the regional level, Colon is concentrated in the south-central region, where the central market for quartz drugs is located in the northern provinces of Hebei and Shanxi, where companies may expand the sales of new products in the north through the marketing of stone drugs. In July 2021, Tianjin, a shareholder with more than 5% of the Tianjin stock of the einin pharmaceutical industry, transferred its total shares of about 16.1% to the coron medicine industry and Ishi medicine, respectively, at a total transaction price of about 930 million yuan.
With the completion of the Cullen Pharmacy and IQ4 as the second and fourth largest shareholders in the Tain Pharmacy, the stockholdings were 10 per cent and 6.1 per cent, respectively, and the three majors were strongly combined, and the concentration of the industry was expected to increase further. 4 generic pharmaceuticals: the project entered the harvest period and the focus gradually shifted to new drugs.
The company's research and development of pharmaceutical preparations began in 2012 with the admission of the president of Wang Jingxing to Collen, and has thus far gone through four steps: 1) by 2012, research and development projects were dominated by large infusions, supported by partial generics, but were fragmented and unstructured. 2) In 2012-2016, the president of Wang Jingxing joined the company and launched the full-scale militaryization of the Collen Institute.
Medicines and new medicines. This phase has led to the creation of a large number of generic projects, the creation of a small molecular platform for innovative drug research and development, a platform for new drug delivery systems, and the formation of a complete drug research and development system. 3) In 2017-2020, the company took the opportunity to evaluate the consistency of generic medicines and launched a large number of consistency evaluation projects, which led to the adoption of several important varieties, while a new batch of new ones were adopted.
The drug program has moved into clinical research, and the focus of research and development has gradually shifted towards new drugs, with annual spending on research and development of new drugs exceeding counterfeiting from 2020 onwards. From the transition in 2012 to the present, the research and development of colentine pharmaceuticals has succeeded in changing from pure fluids to comprehensive and integrated development.
As a result, 308 product studies were launched, and 136 products were approved in 2017-2022, thus further strengthening the country’s leading industry in the field of fluids and fluids, starting to grow into cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, imaging, hepatitis B, and other diseases. The income from non-infusion medicines (excluding recent approved generics) was the highest in 2019, with new crowns in 2020.
Corporate non-refusal generic medicines cover areas such as intestinal nutrition, reproductive health, anaesthetic pain, anti-infection and diagnostic imaging. 29 pharmaceutical products were approved/consistency evaluations in January-July 2023 and 28 drug production/consistency evaluations were declared during the same period.
The company was deeply involved in national and local procurement, and 43 products were selected from the national collection, covering more than 10 disease areas. The seventh and eighth national collection, in 2022, and the eighth series, in 2023, resulted in a total of 18 products from Colon, the winning number of which was among the highest in the country: as of the eighth national collection, Colon had a cumulative 43-species selection, and Colon had become a supplier to the national collection head.
The company has improved innovation and ndds pipe layout of more than 30 items, of which violet sapol (the protein combination) has been marketed for injection, non-portal membrane in West China has been declared, yellow ketone long-acting injections have been approved for clinical treatment, and four projects are in the process of clinical study (Alicone long-acting anthronium injection, Palmate pali ketone injection fluid, butate chlorovirtine flat fat milk injection, yellow ketone long-acting injection).
As a clinical value-oriented drug review policy is put in place to achieve efficiency gains, target orientation or long-term relief, and to highlight clinical advantages, companies will continuously deploy their superiors and delivery systems, expanding their ndds and improving their innovative pipelines.5 Antibiotic intermediates and raw materials: industry-wide chain layouts, where performance turns out to be high
5.1 The base plate of the antibiotic intermediate is stable, and the synthetic biology elastic release is based on the company's antibiotic intermediate material plate, mainly based on Toi Quichuanin Biotechnology Co. Ltd., to achieve the entire industrial chain layout of the body-material drug-agent in antibiotics. The main product of the Tunning Organis is the antibiotic intermediate, including sulphate, cyanide.
In 2019, there was a fall in the price of antibiotics intermediates; in 2020, the Trentin organisms actively opened the market and achieved a full increase in volume prices; in 2021, the Troning organisms were largely suspended in October because of a slight decline in the impact of the epidemic; and in 2022, the antibiotics.
In 2022, the company achieved a gross profit of 930 million yuan (+35.6 per cent), of which Ishachuanin and his subsidiaries realized an operating income of 3.82 billion yuan (+18.2 per cent) and a net profit of 410 million yuan.
5.2 Antibiotic intermediates are strong and demand is restored in the sense that the antibiotic intermediates are among the pharmaceutical intermediates, which are some of the chemical or chemical products used in the process of pharmaceutical synthesis and are the key starting material for the production of chemical raw materials as an important component of the precision process and are gradually being developed
The pharmaceutical intermediates for antibiotics are mainly sulphate, sulphate, 7-aca, 6-apa, 7-adca, d-7aca, penicillin products, etc. 7-aca has matured as an important intermediate for the production of semi-combined antiquities for head cyanide.
There are mainly large pharmaceutical companies such as Healthy Dollars, Wichida; at the same time, as many of the country’s penicillin production companies have gradually gained control of the ailments, the country’s total production of 6-apa tons, with an export volume of 0.2 million tons, is at a historically high level.
In the interbody sector, and with the achievement of large-scale industrial production, a larger and more varied antibiotic intermediate production system has been established in the country, in which sulphatic cyanide, 7-aca and 6-apa production all dominate the domestic market and are the main suppliers of domestic and, indeed, global antibiotic intermediates, and have developed strong economies of scale.
Since 2007, the historical average price of sulphate has been 388 yuan. Since 2020, global environmental protection measures have intensified with the impact of the epidemic, and global production of sulphatic cyanide has declined.
In Europe, sulfur cyanide is found to prevent disease in animals or poultry and to accelerate growth. Prices of sulfur cyanide continue to rise, with prices remaining high since 2023 and 34% higher than the historical average in November 2023. Pre-sulfur cyanide is produced by farmers such as corn starch, corn magma, soybean powder, etc.
By-product, the Choonning plant, located in the main production area of the corn procurement Ipsha, has a better cost advantage; at the same time, the production line has become highly productive, fully productive and stable, and the domestic production capacity rate has gradually increased, with a recent offer of $480/kg as of 7-aca November 2023, mainly for the production of endocrine antibiotics.
In addition, with strong cost-control capabilities to enhance market competitiveness, the Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry continues to expand its productivity advantage. The increase is as high as 155.2%, and 6-apa is an important intermediate in the production of semi-synthetic antibiotic amino sodium and amosilin.
The Cullen Pharmaceuticals industry has the highest production capacity and has become a 6-apa head company with an annual yield of 6,000 tons. 5.3 Trunchunin biology is on the market, in the field of dynamic synthetic biology and enzyme engineering, and in the field of synthetic biology and enzyme engineering is on the market and continues to be active in the field of synthetic biology and enzyme engineering.
This time, the ipokawaning creature is about to release no more than 22.2 million shares of a general stock, which represents no less than 10% of the total equity after distribution. Of this fund-raising, $200 million will be spent on the Shanghai Institute project to increase the company’s research and development capacity in synthetic biology: $400 million will be used to repay banks.
At the core of synthetic biology research, the Tunning Organism will focus on the development, production, and marketing of products such as health-care raw materials, bio-pesticides, high-value-added natural products, high-end cosmetics, biodegradable materials, etc. At the end of the break-up, the Kölen Pharmaceuticals stock structure will not change and will remain in control over the Tunning Organism.
In the case of Ning Bian, financing through the entrepreneurship board will strengthen the financial capacity to respond to the financial needs of existing and future business development, further optimize the product structure and continuously improve profitability and efficiency of business management; in the case of the Collen Pharmaceuticals industry, when the antibiotic sub-platforms are broken down, the company’s business becomes clearer and concentrates its financial advantages on innovative drugs such as “high-tech content drugs”
Assumption 1: the backbone of the big infusion business is firmly in place, and the upgrading of the package + the intestine nutrition product contributes to sustained growth. Assumption 2: the non-infusion drug business, the rehabilitation of stocks of new liquids, plastic water needles, etc., is expected to be more stable and not integrated into the whole of the collected species;
At the same time, companies are deeply involved in national and local collections, and there is a strong market-based advantage for generic pharmaceuticals, with a variety of varieties expected to be marketed in 2023-2025
Pharmacy, Hanson Pharmaceuticals, 24 times the average of four companies in 2022, and 18 times the average of 2024. Companies based on the upgrading of the infusion industry, continued to increase profitability; Tunning Biodiversion, with clearer thinking on corporate development; three drivers, innovative platform layout, entering the harvest period, are expected to contribute to long-term performance elasticity. For the first time, coverage is given, with a “holding” rating.
The risk of failure of the R & D project, the risk of price fluctuations of raw materials, the risk of a change in fair value, etc. have not been, and will not be, directly or indirectly compensated for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.