Colum Pharmacy (002422): The three-way drive of the CEO, the innovation starts a new cycle, the three-way drive of the full-scale layout, and the innovation growth gradually materializes. The company was founded in 1996 and placed on the market in 2010.
Twenty-seven years of development, the company has developed into a leader in the big infusion industry and has developed a competitive advantage in the industry-wide chain of intermediates, raw materials, and preparations. In 2012, the company initiated research and development on innovative medicines, which have accumulated over many years and are now being realized.
Refusals, imitations, and raw material plates contribute to stabilizing cash flows and driving business innovation upscaling. In 2022, corporate collections and returns to new research and development became real, and performance growth was strong.
Over $9 billion, Māori stable at more than 63%, and revenue and Māori are higher than other companies in the same industry. Companies continue to optimize the structure of their infusion products, increasing the ratio of closed types of fluids, such as bags and multi-room bags, increasing Māori, selling intestinal nutrients to more than 10 varieties, and high value-added infusion products sustain the growth of large infusion operations and generate stable cash flows.
There are a wide range of pharmaceutical products, 152 products were approved between 2017 and 31 July 2023, and niche areas have been strengthened, with the creation of clusters of products of core advantage in the fields of intestinal nutrients, bacterial infections, body fluid balances and central nervous diseases, as well as the gradual expansion and intensification of diseases such as anaesthesia, reproductive health, diabetes, etc.
There is a strong growth in the raw material plate, and synthetic biology is helping to develop. The company’s antibiotic intermediates are of the full range, the main product is at the country’s leading level, the thiocyanide is second in domestic production, and the penicillin intermediate 6-apa is third in domestic production.
Companies have significant advantages in fermentation technology, slag treatment, and cost control, providing growth guarantees for antibiotics intermediate operations. Companies use synthetic biology platforms, enzyme catalytic technology platforms around high value added natural products for health care and cosmetics, bio-pesticides, new degradation biologically based materials, etc.
The company currently has products such as sanitoid, 5-hydroxycarbine, sulfuric sulfide, icdoine, wheat horns, etc., which will have large tons of cosmetics, feed additives, etc. placed on the market in the coming year; among them, the level and purity of sanitol fermentation has reached the highest level in the industry and cost is competitive.
The core product, skb264, has received three breakthrough therapies, which are currently used for the treatment of late-stage tnbc ii clinical treatments that have been treated by second-line and above standards.
The experiment reached the main research endpoint and the listing application was to be included in the priority review; the iii phase clinical study for second-line treatment hr+/her2-transferable bc was approved; and the iii phase clinical study for tki resistance egfr mutation nsclc was fast-tracked into the group.a166 was first declared on the market for the 3-line treatment of her 2+bc a140 treatment of the ras wild type.a140 treatment of the ras type
In terms of internationalization, the company has continued to strengthen its cooperation with Mercerton, a global multi-centre company led by Mercerton, which was founded in 1996 by the Sichuan Coron Pharmaceuticals Company, formerly the Sichuan Coron Drug Plant, and over 27 years.
The company was listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in June 2010, the holding subsidiary, Kawaning Bien, on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange’s business board in December 2022, and the Columbo-Thai Company in July 2023 in Hong Kong. The company insists on a “triple-driven, innovative growth” development strategy:
1) To maintain corporate leadership in the field of fluids through continuous industrial upgrading and variety restructuring; 2) to build a combined antibiotic competitive advantage from intermediates, raw materials to formulations through innovative exploitation of high-quality natural resources; 3) to build the ultimate driving force behind the growth of the business base through technological innovation in the construction and diversification of the R & D system.
Multi-country and provincial innovation platforms, such as enterprise technology centres at the household level, research centres for the engineering of new drug delivery systems, and companies are mainly involved in 23 dose-type drugs such as high-volume injections (infusion fluids), small-volume injections (water needles), injection of sterile powders, tablets, capsules, granules, oral fluids, peritoneal dialysis fluids and antibiotics intermediates, raw materials, medical kits, etc.
The company’s main products cover diseases such as anti-cancer, cerebral vascular, anaesthetic pain, spiritual, anti-pathogenic micro-organisms, nutrient fluids, breathing, anti-osteoporosis, male specialists, diabetes, hydrolysis balance, diagnostic imaging, hepatitis B, etc.
A total of 297 types of liquids, 420 varieties of other pharmaceutical products with 626 specifications, 82 items of raw materials with 84 specifications, 2 varieties of pharmaceutical supplements with 2 specifications, 13 varieties of antibiotics intermediates, 6 varieties of medical devices with 13 specifications. The pharmaceutical products produced by the company are classified by clinical application range with 24 doses.
Of these, 132 were admitted to the National Basic Medicines Directory (2018 edition), 70 to the otc catalogue and 299 to the National Basic Health Insurance, Occupational Injury Insurance and Maternity Insurance Directory (2022 edition).
Based on its leading position in the field of fluids and its competitive advantage in the field of biomartging, the company has increased its research and development investment in innovative medicines, new delivery systems, and high-end generics, and has expanded its resources for internationalized cooperation. Corporate agent operations have flourished, are rich in pipelines, and occupy an important place in the pharmaceutical industry in the country.
1.2. The equity structure is stable, the number of holding subsidiaries is stable, and the company ' s main initiators, shareholders, and actual control are Mr. Liu Xinjin, with a share ratio of 25.70 per cent (as of the third quarter of 2023). The number of holding companies is large and is located in Sichuan, Xinjiang, Hunan, Hunan, Huan.
Hubei, Guangxi, Precious, Shandong, Heilongjiang, Zhejiang, Shanghai, etc.. There are strong transport radius constraints for large liquids, and companies have established production bases in many of the country's end-sales areas, including Hunan Collen, Qingshan Likang, etc.; antibiotics intermediates, raw materials and preparations are mainly centred on the Trunchinites, Guangxi Collen; and the Collon Institute focuses on the development of counterfeits, Colombo.
The company’s operating income increased from $16,352 million in 2018 to net profit for the entire year. In 2020, as a result of the effects of the epidemic, part of the sales of infusion, non-infusion drugs and gross profits fell, plus
The rising cost of research and development has continued, and corporate revenues and profits have declined. Since 2021, companies have been fully engaged in expanding product markets, optimizing the structure of liquid products, and new approved generics have continued to be released, with incomes and profits growing rapidly.
Figure 4 Changes in Māori and net interest rates for companies (%) Changes in cost (%) for four companies (%)
There was a decline in the sale of infusion products, which generated $9,452 million in infusion plates and $5,027 million in the first half of 2023 as hospital treatments were restored. Non-infusion plates (mainly antibiotics intermediates and raw materials and non-infusion generics) had a strong cash flow. 2018-2023q1-q3 had a net operating cash flow of $2,954 million and a net cash flow of $2,954 million, respectively.
High content, company sales return capacity and lower cost. Figure 7 Operating cash flows. Large infusions: packaging upgrades are on the market, industry leads are strong
2.1. Large-volume injection fluids (largevolumeparential, lvp) are liquid sterilizers with a capacity greater than 50 ml and are imported directly into the body by intravenous droplets.
As one of the five most important types of preparations in the pharmaceutical industry in the country (platforms, capsules, injections, frozen powders, infusions) is one of the most widely used treatments in clinical applications, the supply and demand of the major infusion industry is currently stable, with a total domestic production of 1.37 billion in 1995 in terms of production.
Bottles/bags, as the country manages the quality of the production of liquid production enterprises, the production capacity of the big infusion industry has expanded rapidly, reaching a peak of 13.4 billion bottles (bags) in 2013. There has been a slight reduction in the total capacity of the entire infusion market in recent years as a result of health insurance fees, restrictions on the abuse of antibiotics, and restrictions on the use of outpatient fluids.
The increase in the number of beds in health-care institutions has led to an increase in the number of beds in the country. The number of beds in health-care institutions was 9.75 million in 2022, with an annual compound growth rate of 5.96% in 2011-2022. As the reform of the health-care system has intensified, health care coverage has been provided to both urban and rural residents.
The third end market, which is gradually becoming more robust, is growing in size in township health hospitals, community hospitals, clinics, etc. The demand for large infusions as a basic drug is increasing, and the market for large infusions is promising.
Figure 9 shows the number of beds and the growth rate of health-care institutions in the country from 2011 to 2022. 2.2. Increased concentration in the domestic market for large infusions.
Infusion-producing enterprises are small and large, as in the case of the United States, which accounts for 80 per cent of America's infusion markets; in Europe, large infusion markets are largely occupied by four major companies, Fison Yuskaby, Belang, Bermuda and Famasia; and in Japan, Oskar accounts for about 50 per cent of the market share.
After years of policy orientation and market competition, our big infusion industry has increased its concentration. Currently, we produce more than 10.5 billion bottles per year, with the highest rates of market ownership being in the Coron medicine industry, Ishi, e-Hin medicine industry, Huo Yun cranes, Chinese medicine industry, and U.S.C.C. in 2018-2022.
In 2019, for example, the country’s total production was 11 billion bottles/bags, while the top four companies, such as the Cullen Pharmaceutical Industry, the Illustrian Medicines Industry, the Huixin Pharmacy Industry, and the Huayun cranes, combined sold 7.78 billion bottles/bags in 2019, with a 70 per cent market share.
The concentration of liquids at the top and the future consolidation of the market will continue, and Karen will continue to consolidate the country’s leading position in the market for large fluids.
Large infusions are an advantage for Collon, whose income fluctuates over the last five years, but their share of income is about 50% - the Māori rate is about 65% higher than that of other companies in the same industry, with companies producing less and more productively. Companies continue to raise the share of elevated closed infusions, with bags, multi-room bags, pink double-room bags, etc., leading companies to collect large infusion plates.
Growth in inflows and profits, maintaining a leading position in the area of large infusions. Figure 12: Growth of income from liquid plates (millions of dollars)
Packagings are divided into pvc and non-pvc bags, which have been phased out due to stability, poor heat resistance, presence of plasticizers, and exposure to harmful gas during incineration, and are now mainly in non-pvc form in our market for large fluids.
In recent years, the trend in packaging of our big infusion products has been consistent with the trend in packaging of the world ' s major infusion products, moving towards plastic bottles, non-pvc soft bags, straight-on soft bags.
According to the annual report of the Tahin Medicine industry, the Māori rate for non-pvc soft-bag products was about 65% between 2018 and 2023, significantly higher than the Māori rate for plastics and bottling bottles. The company's bags are similar to those for non-pvc soft-bags. The company, in keeping with the concept of safe fluids, continues to promote the safe closed fluid replacement of semi-closed fluids, with 2023h1 being the ratio of closed fluids.
With an increase of 3.70 percentage points, the ratio of non-pvc soft-bag products is increasing, and the Māori ratio of large-drop plates is expected to increase further.
Figure 15 Comparison of the Māori rate of the different packaged fluid products in the Hin pharmaceutical industry with 2.3.2. Product types upgrades. In clinical applications, classification by use is divided into five main categories: body fluids, nutrient fluids, blood face
In order to avoid intense market competition and increase profitability, the ministry actively increases its investment in research and development, optimizes product structure, and upgrades the Māori, value-added nutrients, therapeutic fluids, etc.
The company has set up a cluster of core niche products in the fields of intestinal nutrients, anti-infection and body fluids, and has begun to step up the areas of diagnostic imaging.
The risk period for the process is that it will be able to continue treatment and healing. By nutrient composition, it can be divided into carbon, water compounds (sugar), fat milk, amino acid, vitamins and trace fluids.
The main products are right-wing ricide, oxyacetic starch, and modified gels. With the development of the infusion industry and the need for clinical treatment, a number of medications for disease treatment have been directed.
Reciprocal infusion, including anti-infection, anti-cancer, digestive, cardiovascular, herbicide extraction, therapeutic drug infusion, dialysis.
Diagnosis of diseases, such as pan-pluamine, iodized sea-ethanol injection fluids. (1) Intestine nutrition products: Since 2017, the company has distributed numerous intestine and intestinal nutrient products, 15 intestinal nutrients have been marketed, and more than 10 species are currently marketed. In 2022, intestinal nutrient sales generated $1.19 billion.
This is a 15.3% decline compared to the previous year, and the share of income in the fluid business is 12.59%. Newly marketed or launched sales this year include two industrialized triple bags, complex amino acid (15aa-/)/glucose (10%) electrolysis in liquids with medium- and long-chain milk/amino acid (16)/gluctose (16%) and middle-chain fat milk/amino acid (30%)
Qualitative inoculation fluids (Multifluent and New Point) intestinal double nutrient bags, sodium glycerine phosphate, etc., have significantly expanded the range of broad intestinal nutrient products and to other categories outside the fat milk of intestinal nutrients.
Five batches of countries have been successful, with sales increasing by 33.08% in the first half of 2023 due to policies such as drags/dip, due to product price advantages. Medium- and long-chain fat milk/amino acid (16)/glucose (36%) injectable fluids (multiple) as a national bargaining product. Sales were launched in 2023, benefiting from 625ml specifications to meet clinical needs and improved capacity for intestinal nutrient treatment.
Following the successful selection of the liquids (c8~24ve) and thallium-3 fish oils/Long-chain fat emulsion fluids (how much), multi-provincial products, admission to the hospital and academic promotion of the successful incremental product in the collection are expected to support the growth of the infusion business. (2) The therapeutic infusion product: the company has more than 30 therapeutic infusion products, of which the anti-infection drug left-oxyfluoride is chlorinated.
Sodium injection was successful in the fifth round of the national collection in 2021, and the resumption of sales in the first half of 2023, which benefited from regular consultations, is expected to lead to a steady increase in other therapeutic fluid products in 2023, with the addition of a new successful intake and the recovery of the treatment. (3) Film dialysis products.
In addition, the company has submitted an application for the listing of a copy of a film agent such as an octafluoropropane microball injection fluid, which has been enriched by a growing product line in the field of diagnostic imaging. The data from Minnet show that the end-of-life of the country ' s public health institutions was sold in 2020.
Over $15 billion was sold, and the market was wide-ranging. In 2023, the cluster of corporate cinematography products was expected to enter the phase of mass chemicals, becoming a new growth point for the fluid plate.
The company insists on market values and policies as well as on the overall cost of leading the strategy, and in 2012 to date, i.e., successful research and development on generic medicines has been achieved from simple infusion to full, integrated and inclusive development. 152 products were approved by July 31, 2023, establishing nutrients, bacterial infections, body fluids in the intestinal environment.
Centrally superior product clusters in the field of balance and central nervous diseases have been gradually expanded and strengthened in the areas of anaesthesia, reproductive health, diabetes, and cinema. From 1 January 2023 to 31 July 2023, the company achieved 29 productions, two clinical cases, and 28 declared production, further enriching the company ' s intestinal nutrition, anti-infection,
From the collection point of view, by the eighth national collection, the Department of Public Administration had a cumulative number of 43 varieties that had been selected as one of the top suppliers for the national collection.
Injection of purple filamentol (the protein-combined) is the core of tumours, which is also subject to renewal and provincial union harvesting, leading to lower prices and lower incomes.
The company currently sells eight varieties in the area of anaesthesia pain, and the core species are affected by the national collection of sodium pa Rishib (Corishu), which leads to a significant decline in sales and profits. The negative effects of ppofol/Long-chain fat milk, but the company basically stabilizes sales through the academic outreach of specialized teams and the transmission of academic advantages.
Sodium sodium sodium injection (Koshutin) is the company’s newly acquired national identity variety, which was launched in 2023 and further boosts the firm’s deep distribution of products in the area of anaesthetic pain. The central nervous field has a strong niche in the cluster of products. The central nervous field is selling five, the largest of which is herbic acid.
As the company's first-country collection of selected products, in 2022, sales revenue reached $344 million, a decrease of $74 million in comparison with the fall in the price of the National Alliance of Provinces. The 2021 collection of hysteric acids, combined with the successful provinces of Bellote, achieved a national antidepressant.
In 2021, the sale of the first-largest species of Onitrogen tablets in the treatment of schizophrenic disorders (Shalonen) was launched, leading to an all-line layout of the central nervous field. In 2023, the company will build on the market base of the Acetic Pulac acid, taking advantage of the clustering of products in the spiritual field and promoting product clustering growth and replication.
Men's branding helps keep the variety going. The company creates a male brand called "okman" and enhances branding and marketing. Three varieties have been marketed in the male field, among which Dalpatine is the only global drug approved for men's early ejaculation ailments, stolen in the first half of 2023 through increased market competition and multiple channels such as the otc chain market, Internet platforms, etc.
In the market, sales increased by 28.8% on the same basis, and the Western Indian non-portrait is the type that companies focused on in 2023, and the ninth batch of products in the field of diabetes has seen a gradual increase in the market share. The company has six new oral sugar drugs listed in its layout, namely, the Englele net, the Kaglele net, the phosphate sigretine, the Ligretine, the amperate curtine, the hydrogen bromine replacement.
Gretine. Among them, the Engles Net, as a sglt2 inhibitor, inhibits the heavy absorption of glucose in the kidneys, removes excessive glucose from the urine, reduces blood sugar, and is therefore not dependent on insulin, is a new form of sugar degenerative, and is widely recommended in domestic and international guidelines, such as the Chinese Diabetes 2 Guide.
There is a rapid increase in the sales of inhibitors and the net sales of Engles. The company’s Engles Net is currently in the winning cycle of the national collection, maintaining the trend, with the country ranked first on the market for generics, and achieved sales in the first half of 2023, in the 19sglt2 sample hospital sales.
4. Medicines for intermediates and raw materials: increased prices for major products, synthetic biology
4.1. The company is a company with a large industrial application of fermentation technology. In December 2010, it invested in the construction of the Ishai Trunchin Project in the Eining Industrial Park of the Xinjiang Holgos Economic Development Area. In 2018, the Tsongning Project achieved a steady completion of production through environmental acceptance and reversed the loss.
The company, through its own innovative development, has mastered high-yield bacterial seed preparation techniques, 500-cubic fermentation tank preparation and optimization design, high automatic control of production lines, ceramic membrane film film film filtration techniques, acetone recombinant crystals, composite solution recovery techniques, etc.
Large antibiotics and fermented intermediate fermentation tanks address bottlenecks in the design of superb fermentation tanks, fermentation solution oxygen supply, sterile control, nutrient transfer, and related support facilities, significantly increasing individual production and efficiency, and achieving significant economies of scale. Kawaning has developed into one of the largest industrial enterprises in the country for the industrial application of biomass fermentation technology, relying on biological fermentation collars.
Accumulation of technologies in the field, where high conversion rates of biomersal fermentation and extraction technologies are first applied to industrial production of antibiotics intermediates, has now reached high levels of production capacity and production of related products.
On the basis of the technology for the production of the thorium intermediates, research continues on the cultivation of new bacteria and the extraction of pure separations.
First industrial application, 500 cubic metres of fermentation tanks and automation.
Technology to achieve intermediate cerebral twig selection technology platform, bio7-adca fermentation
Further maturity of the chemical control system: continuous exploration on the technology platform, fermentation technology platform and separation
Attacking straight-line enzyme technology, benzene, research and development, a vision for the future.
The pure technology platform has matured to produce a bear deoxychotic acid recovery technology, III.
Level. It solves the technical problems of red melanoma and waste disposal, the real (gravy) process.
For the first time, it's done on sulfur, sulfur, penicillin, cyanide, cyanide.
Industrial production of column intermediates Technical certification to achieve a large range of antibiotic intermediate products
The company ' s products cover the main intermediates of large cyclic esters and wide spectral antibiotics. The products are divided into five main groups: (1) sulfur cyanide sulphate redicillin: available for the production of antibiotics such as red mecin, rothicillin, achirocin, and (2) mesothioline intermediates (6-apa, pyrecin g potassium salt): available for the production of methicillin antibiotic silicon (sodium), Amocilin and some head thorium antibiotics.
(iii) Pills intermediates (7-aca, d-7-aca, 7-adca): available for the production of cerebral herbicides; (4) bear deoxychotic acid (coarse); (5) ancillary enzyme q10 filaments.
Main use: Infection of gland-positive bacterium and bronze: used as an intermediate in the raw drug for the production of red mecin, thorium, thorium cyanide.
Large epoxy antibiotics, such as mecin, achimoxin, and Kramoxin.The prices of the company's main intermediate products in relation to downstream formulations generally fell the same way, with the price of the product recovering in 2020, the company further expanding its market and the sale of the product rebounding.
In the first half of 2023, the antibiotic intermediate and raw materials as a whole earned 2,370 million yuan, an increase of 14.54 per cent, and the Māori 673 million, an increase of 19.46 per cent. The Tsunning organisms and their subsidiaries earned 2,417 million yuan (+21.84 per cent).
The net profit from the mother is 391 million yuan (+64.82 per cent). In terms of the breakdown of products, the inter-species ratio is relatively stable for thiocyanide, penicillin and sulphate, the first of which is for penicillin. For 2023h1, the meridium for penicillin is 976 million yuan (+54.66 per cent), the meridium for thiocyanide is 728 million yuan (-24.1 per cent) and the meridium for thiocylate is the first.
Good cost control, company-wide operations of intermediates and raw materials are robust. Figure 23 Growth in operating income of antibiotics and raw materials. Figure 24 Income from the intermediate of antibiotics and from different product segments of the raw materials
4.4. The global market for antibiotics, both domestic and foreign, has been growing steadily, with a steady growth in the pharmaceutical market as the global population continues to grow and society has become more ageing. In the end market, the global market for antibiotics is currently about $50 billion.
Biobiotic development has been going on for almost a century, with products and markets relatively mature, clinical treatments resistant to the demand for antibiotics, and markets as a whole still in low-growth areas. In recent years, the antibiotics industry has been pushed by “restrictive” measures, such as the classification of antibiotics in the domestic market.
The pace of growth slowed significantly in 2017, and the market for antibiotics is still on the rise, with the overall increase in the antibiotics sector by about 4% by 2022, reaching 14.4 billion yuan. As the country’s population ageing process accelerates, and national health coverage expands, it is expected that the overall demand for antibiotics will remain high in the coming years.
The steady growth of antibiotic preparations has ensured the development of raw materials, intermediates, and the export of antibiotic intermediates and raw materials abroad, and the continued growth of domestic and foreign demand has left some room for expansion in the antibiotics industry.
The cyanide is the main intermediate for epoxy antibiotics, and the final antibiotics products for these intermediates are antibiotics. As hospitals recover, we expect the demand for antibiotics to remain strong in the second half of the year, and the thiocyanide, erythrocin and penicillin intermediates, are expected to remain at prices for the first half of the year, at stable prices and at a better overall level.
4.5. The company is the lead company in the market for antibiotics intermediates. 4.5.1. Sulphur cyanide: the market is competitive and the price remains high. Sulphur cyanide is produced as pure fermentation, and is produced as redicillin, ammonium methicillin, rosycin, Achilocin, Kramoxin.
Key intermediates for large cyclic esters, etc., can also be used as veterinary drugs for positive gland-based bacteria and bronze infections, which are widely used as “animal growth agents” abroad. On the supply side, thiocyanate is produced globally mainly by companies and Icyanide sunlight, with a capacity of 4,000 tonnes/year and 3,000 tonnes/year in the coronal medicine industry, with a good competitive market pattern.
The market demand for sulphate sulphate has been high, maintaining a steady high rate of growth, with global demand for sulphate now reaching high levels by the end of the year; prices have recovered since 2019 to around $300/kg. Since December 2019, the price of sulphate sulphate has been gradually rising, at $522.5/kg in August 2023.
Some 60% of the domestic production of thiocyanide is for export, and since the outbreak of the new crown, international and national medical institutions have gradually been able to use the combination of achictocin to improve symptoms in the course of treatment as an auxiliary treatment. As a result, the market for achictocin has been growing, driving up the production of pharmaceutical companies, while the price of sulphate has continued to rise.
At present, two types of drugs, Achimoxin and Kramoxin, are included in the range of collateral purchases, with the average price of Achi Methone falling by about 80%, and companies such as the National Drug Group, the Stone Medicine Group, Zhejiang Beed Pharmaceuticals, among others, have been awarded Achimoxin and Kramoxin.
While the price of the winning bid declined considerably, the retail market outside hospitals remained large, accounting for about 30% of the sales of the same drug across the country. Even if future demand for the sulphate market returns to pre-epidemiology levels, market prices are expected to decline slightly in demand in recent years, owing to the rise in the cost of raw materials, but they will remain at a high level.
Figure 27 Trends in market prices for thiomeric cyanide ($/kg) 4.5.2. penicillin intermediates: 6-papa prices continue to rise and penicillin is the first anti-infection drug in the world to be applied clinically and has become the first line of antibacterial drugs to be used globally
With the implementation of policies to benefit the population, such as new medical reforms and new community-based co-operative medical care, the State has introduced a system of essential drugs, and penicillin, with price advantages or as a primary choice for clinical antibiotics, is expected to expand the scale of the chemical ingredients for penicillin. 6-paa is an important intermediate in the production of semi-synthetic antibiotic amino (sodium) and amosilin, which is important.
The production of 6-pa intermediates is generally based on biological fermentation, high production environmental requirements, and the National Directory of Industrial Restructuring Guidance restricts entry of new firms into the industry, so the 6-apa sector has high barriers. In terms of supply and demand, the demand for the 6-apa market is currently about 30,000 tonnes/year, with the federal pharmaceutical industry producing about 24,000 tonnes/year.
The Wichida production capacity is about 7,000 tonnes/year, and the company’s capacity is about 6700 tonnes/year, and is the main producer in the industry. 6-papa market historical prices have fluctuated, product prices have continued to decline from high points since June 2018, and I have shown historical price trends in 286-apa ($/kg)
4.5.3. Pillium intermediates: fermentation volume, with a cost advantage of scale. Phosphorus intermediates are the upstream part of the raw drug, do not require approval and approval in accordance with the drug code, and benefit from the steady development of the downstream antibiotics industry. Most of the production of the global dosage intermediates has now been transferred to the country.
Inner, 7-acca, 7-adca, d-7aca, etc., are the parent nuclear intermediates of the first sulfon, which are 7-aca tons of the mother nuclear intermediates of the first sulfon, and the company currently has more than 3,000 tonnes/year of production and is the industrial leader. 7-aca are the key intermediates of synthetic sulfone, all of which are fissions using sulfoncin.c
d-7aca is the next product of 7-aca, with 7-acca and d-7aca final products consisting mainly of sodium sulfonol, sodium thorium thorium, sodium sulfon and sodium thorium sulfon, and sodium thorium sulfon, used in clinical injections. The year was at an all-time low, prices then recovered, 7-acca prices fell again since 2019, and in 2020.
As environmental policy tightens, it strikes at small- and medium-sized enterprises in the industry, with well-developed environmental treatment facilities and processing capabilities, and with cost advantages. Overall, however, oversupply in the short term is not likely to lead to significant price trends in figure 297-acaase ($/kg)
The 7-adca end product consists mainly of clinical oral thiram and thorium-lating capsules, granules, and tablets. The 7-adca precursor is mainly penicillin industrial salt. The 7-adca market price has remained high since 2017, and there is a shortage of 7-adca cargo in the country after the explosion of 2019.
Technical research and development has taken advantage of the process-wide fermentation enzyme production of 7-adca production techniques and achieved 7-adca production by 2020. On the collection side, the price reduction in the purchase of oral sorghum products was not more than 30%, the collection had limited impact on the demand and prices of oral head medicines, and the non-hospital market for oral sorghum drugs was higher.
Market prices for cruise drugs have not declined significantly. The current market for 7-adca is relatively scarce in terms of market demand. Figure 307-daca market price trends ($/kg) 4.6. Synthetic Biology Support Corporation widens the boundaries of raw materials operations
Synthetic biology is an emerging cross-cutting field of biology, engineering, chemistry and information technology, using techniques such as genome sequencing, bioengineering, chemical synthesis and computer simulation to target redesign and synthesis of new organisms or to adapt existing biological systems to meet human needs. Generally speaking, synthetic biology is the function of identifying good products.
After the product, the right cell is selected according to the characteristics of the product, the gene route is designed, the designed gene route is imported into the cell structure, the specific cell system is screened for testing, the gene route is then modified on the basis of the test feedback, and better lines are modified, and the model "design-build-test-learning" has been modified repeatedly, and the genetic elements have been interrogated to build the best-cell plant.
Synthetic biology, as an integration platform, is directly exported by vectors of germs, catalytic enzymes and processes, which are applied downstream to obtain the final product in a specific setting and achieve the ultimate value. For example, chemicals, intermediates and additives need to be extended to more applied properties in order to achieve the maximum value at the end. At the same time, some of the tools used in synthetic biology are used.
Publicization services, such as gene sequencing and dna synthesis, have been achieved, and the tool layer constitutes an independent system. The company has been able to complete the design, construction, testing and learning of the fungus by means of a multi-wheeling, “intellectual” through a multi-rotational process of computing from the top, automated construction and screening of high-throughput bacteria, optimization of the multiscale fermentation process, and macro-data analysis and machine learning.
The process overcomes the limitations of traditional biological breeding and greatly improves the mapping of synthetic biology industries using synthetic biology platforms, enzyme catalytic technology platforms, which continue to revolve around high levels of raw materials for health care and cosmetics.
Research and development of upstream bacteria and experimental production processes in the areas of value-added natural products (redol, glycerin), bio-pesticides, animal health products, degradable bio-based new materials, etc., constantly widens the business boundary. The company currently has products such as red-colour, 5-hydroxy-carbon, red-viewed skyscrapers, Iqdoin, wheat horn sulfur, etc., and will include cosmetic raw materials and feed additions in the future.
Large tons of products, such as agents, have been placed on the market. Small samples of redol have been sent to end-user abundance, and the feedback is now positive.
In 2023, the company invested in the Green Cycle Industrial Park project in Ishao, Kazakh Autonomous Oblast, Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region, with a total investment of $1,004 million, mainly to build flexible production bases for annual production of 300 tons of red ol, 5-hydroxy-carbine, 300 tons of wheat horns and other raw materials. Construction was initiated in March 2023, and is currently under construction at phase I of synthetic biology.
The implementation of this project is an important part of the company's successful implementation of the two-wheel drive strategy and the company's completion of synthesis.
A key step in the industry-wide layout of biology from selection-research and development-production will mark a successful shift from resource-driven to technological innovation-driven by companies, thereby achieving a steady increase in corporate efficiency.
The company has established a core platform focused on adc, big molecules and small molecules technology as the technological basis for the company ' s development of innovative medicines. As of 30 June 2023, the company had 14 innovative projects for clinical research, including skb264, a166, skb 315, skb410, a167, a140, a400, skb 337, a289, a296, a223, a277,
378 and 336, covering major diseases such as malignant neoplasms, self-immunisation and inflammation. Currently, the company has four new drugs in the advanced stages of clinical intervention: skb264, a166, a167, a140. 5.1. Trop2-adc: skb264 has a strong edge.
5.1.1. Trop2-adc has a wide market space of skb264 target of trop2, also known as the calcium-related cavity signal transfer factor 2 (tumorassociated calciumsignaltransducer2, tacstd2) with low levels of expression in normal tissues and multiple types of tumours
It is expressed in breast cancer (bc), non-small cell lung cancer (nsclc), uc skin cancer on the urinary road, prostate cancer (pc), cervical cancer (cc), de-resistance prostate cancer (crpc) and intrauterine cancer (ec), and is of low heterogeneity, which is a high clinically valuable arc target, with a huge market potential for trop2 drugs.
According to the latest global cancer burden data released by the International Centre for Research on Cancer in 2020, the top ten cancers in the country in 2020 were: 820,000 lung cancers, 560,000 rectum cancers, 480,000 stomach cancers, 420,000 breast cancers, 410,000 liver cancers and 320,000 dietary cancers.
There are 220,000 thyroid cancers, 120,000 pancreas cancers, 120,000 prostate cancers, 110,000 cervical cancers, and a large target population of drugs such as lung cancer and breast cancer. Since the introduction of the Goshatoll single resistance in Gilid in June 2022, the market has set a market size of 32 global trop2-adc (billions of United States dollars)
In terms of competitive patterns, the currently developed target-trop2 drugs include monoclonal antibodies, bispecific antibodies, viral vector drugs, adc drugs. Of the drugs, three are currently in ii and above.
In February 2023, Fda approved the treatment of hr+/her2-bc. In addition to the dato-dxd (datopotamab) jointly developed by the Third Republic of Aslicon, it was approved in June 2022 for use in treatment of non-circumcision or transferable adult tnbc patients.
On 3 July 2023, ds-1062 was used for advanced or transient non-small cell lung cancer (nsclc) patients who had been treated at least once. The iii study reached the main end of the non-progressive survival period (pfs).
The local late-stage, relapsed or transferable iii clinic for non-surgent tnbc has reached its main end point. After Gosatoaduldol was listed, the global sales in 2022 were $680 million and $2023h1 was $480 million, at the fast-growing scale, and skb264 was designed to be a good anti-cancer activity and safe.
See, the skb264 was designed to be a differentiated otidc platform in Colombo, using a combination of an adc safety and effectiveness strategy (the kthiool intermediate active toxin (the new atropine enzyme i inhibitor) and a skb264 contrasting trodelvy, due to the irreversible connection of mab and the differential payload structure.
Blood stability has improved. Compared to ds-1062, due to the stronger pro-water properties of the cl2a connector, even with a higher dar value, skb264 still has a good adc pro-water quality, and skb264 has an extremely low ild toxicity risk associated with kl610023. The skb264 differential design has increased the stability of adc and maintained its bioactivity, thereby increasing its target orientation and lowering it.
Low de-targeting and de-magnification are expected to expand the treatment window. According to the most recent publicly available non-head-to-head data, skb264 is used as a variety of late-stage physical tumors that have received multiple treatments in the past.
In the head-to-head study, skb264 also showed good anti-cancer efficacy and safety. Previously, fda warned him of severe moderate particle cell reduction and severe diarrhoea in Gossa Todler, while skb264 showed no treatment for interterrestrial pneumonia.
Figure 36skb264 Compares treatment effects with trodelvy head-to-head studies with multiple adaptive effects in skb264. Three breakthrough therapies have been determined by skb264 to be used for treatment of partially late or transiental triple breast cancer (tnbc), egfr-tki for failure of treatment.
Egfr mutated non-small cell lung cancer (nsclc), past local late or transient hormone receptor positive (hr+) and human surface growth factor 2 negative breast cancer (hr+/her2-bc).Skb264 has also been combined with chemotherapy, pd-l1 single resistance (a167) or pd-1 single resistance (k drug).
An exploratory clinical trial for first-line adaptive disorders. Table 15skb264 Core tubes (1) Breast cancer adaptive disorders
Breast cancer (bc) is the highest type of cancer in the world, with about 420,000 new cases per year in the country. Third-negative breast cancer (tnbc) is a highly invasive sub-type, accounting for about 15% of the global bc cases in China and China. It is characterized by a shortage of estrogens, gestation hormones, and her2 receptors.
Tnbc patients are diagnosed at a late stage, with a five-year survival rate of about 12%, with huge unmet clinical needs. trop2 is expressed in about 88% of tnbc. chemotherapy, immunotherapy, and target-to-target therapy are recommended treatment options for late tnbc in the United States and our country.
To date, Gosatoaduldol is the only trop2-adc that has been approved in the United States and China for treatment of late tnbc. Our late tnbc first-line treatment involves single or double-pharmaceutical therapy, and second-line treatment programmes include single-pharmaceutical therapy and combined therapy, including chemical immunotherapy using pd-1 inhibitors, combined chemotherapy and antivascularly generated beryllium monotherapy.
For patients with advanced diseases during or after second-line treatment, the three-line and above treatment options include Gosatoad beads, lipochemical therapy, and parp inhibitors for patients with brca mutation.
At 10 October 2022, 59 patients (4 mg/kgq2w23 and 5 mg/kgq2w36) were admitted to the group, and 88% of patients had previously received three treatment methods for transferred diseases. The median number visited was 12.8 months. At least one post-baseline tumor assessment was conducted for 55 (21 for 4 mg/kg and 34 for 5 mg/kg).
The median pfs is 5.7 months. The rate for 12 months is 66.4 per cent. Of the 29 patients with high trop2, the confirmed orr (corr) was 55.2 per cent. In August 2023, the final tnbiii clinical trial for the treatment of tnbc, which was used for the treatment of past second-line and above standards, reached the main research endpoint, in November 2023, the listing of skb264.
The application is to be included in the priority review and is expected to become the first national product to be marketed as trop2-adc.
hr+/her2-bc1/2 basket study data are positive. hr+/her2-bc is the most common type of bc subtype, accounting for about 55% of all bc cases. About 5-10% of hr+/her2-bc patients are diagnosed with an advanced period, with a five-year survival rate of about 30%. Endocrine treatment is the main treatment method in the late hr+/her2-bc in the United States and China. It is estimated that 40-50% of cases are treated at an advanced stage of hr+/her2-bc.
End-of-life hr+/her2-bc patients are resistant to endocrine treatment, and there is a high demand for treatment for non-endocrine therapy. On 30 June 2023, skb264 received a breakthrough therapy from cde, which was used to publish a summary of data from the 1/2 basket study at at at least the second line of the esmo Congress, with a cut-off date of 12 April 2023.
The duration of the visit was 8.2 months. Of the 38 patients who can assess the efficacy of the treatment, 47% showed pre-endocrine resistance; 79% of the patients received two trans-transmission chemotherapy sessions, both of which included purple filamental and cdk4/6 inhibitors. The objective mitigation rate (orr) was 36.8%, and the disease control rate (dcr) was 89.5%.
61.2% No neurotoxicity, drug-related IPT or non-infective pneumonia has been observed, and no detoxification or death caused by Trae. In addition, two clinical trials were approved in skb264: the registered iii test was used to treat at least the failed hr+/her2-bc patient, and the ii clinical trial combined a167 was used for endocrine treatment.
(b) Non-small cell lung cancer, which is the second most common cancer in the world, and Nsclc, which is the main subtype of lung cancer, accounts for more than 85 per cent of all lung cancer cases.
About 55% of Nsclc patients are diagnosed at an advanced stage, and the five-year survival rate of the late Nsclc patients in the United States and China, respectively, is considered for first-line treatment in our country, the egfr mutation Nsclc, tki. For tki invalid patients, the combination of platinum two-pharmaceutical therapy or non-combined bevenger, monopharmaceutical or pd-l1 inhibitor therapy is usually considered.
For egfr late variant nsclc, first-line treatments include combined or non-combined beverage anti-chemical therapy, double-pharmaceutical therapy (joint or non-combined pd-(l)1 inhibitor) and combined pd-(l)1 inhibitor therapy (for pd-l1 positive patients).
tkiAnrotoni (for patients who have failed both chemotherapy programmes). Egfr mutant nsclc, receiving egfr-tki after treatment, is still inevitable. egfr field-based Nsclc, with limited treatment options and efficacy. There are huge unmet clinical needs in both groups.
Data on the ii extension study for treatment of patients with late or transferred nsclc, as of 9 February 2023, 11.5 months of medium duration, 39 patients with nsclc medical effects assessable, 43.6 per cent for objective mitigation (orr) (17/39), 94.9 per cent for disease control (dcr) (37/39) and 9.3 for medium duration mitigation (mdor)
The main treatment-related adverse events (traes) in egfr, orr 26.3% (5/19), dcr 89.5% (17/19), mdor 9.6 months, 12 months oss 60.6%, skb264 are haematological toxicity, such as poor blood, lower white cell count, lower moderate particle count, oral inflammation, rash rash, reduced plate count, etc.
Bad liquid-related events occur within two months of the start of the skb264 treatment and are restored after the treatment of the particle cell irritation factor or the erythrocyte generator. No neurotoxicity, eye toxicity or drug-related IPT (ild)/non-infective pneumonia has been observed, and no drug stoppage or death has occurred as a result of Traes.
Figure 40skb264 for treatment of Nsclc-related adverse events
Her2 is a cheese sulphate receptor for growth protein, which is overexpressed in a variety of common cancers, including breast cancer and gastrointestinal tract cancer.a166 is the adc of her2+ real tumors developed by the company on its own initiative. According to Floustya Livin, the market for her2-adc drugs was 100 million yuan in 2021 and is expected to rise to $8.4 billion in 2030.
The a166 lead adaptive disorder is her2+bc, the main subtype of bc, which is about 15-30% of the total number of cases of bc, about 20-25% of her2+bc patients are diagnosed with advanced illness, and about 20% of the early patients eventually develop later. The tumours of her2-bc, her2+bc, are more malignant, growing faster, and are expected to be worse.
The number of cases in her2+bc rose from 86600 in 2022 to 94100 in 2030, and the expanding city fields created a demand for her2-adc drugs.41 Figure 41 shows the size of our market in her2-adc (billion yuan)
There are currently three her2-adc drugs on the market in the country: Hesselley of Tek's genes, Hee and Enhertu of Yongchang's creatures. Hesselhe and Enhertu are used for the treatment of her2+bc of late, but they have severe side effects, fda for Hesselhe for liver, heart and embryo toxicity, and enhertu for interterrestrial pulmonary diseases and embryos.
There is a strong demand for safer treatments, as the toxicity warns black box. In late 2021, Aiti was included in the National Health Care Directory, and in 2022 it achieved sales and sales volume growth of 1513.23 per cent over the same period, with the market share increasing to 65.60 per cent. Her 2-adc drugs from the country have been growing rapidly in the last two years, and there are now nine candidates for her 2-adc for breast cancer.
The company a166 has reached its threshold year for 3l+ her2+bc and is expected to be the first national drug to treat her2+bc. In addition to 3l+her2+bc, the company has also conducted clinical trials in China for 2l+her2+bc and more than a166 in China for the late stage of her2+bc.
A166 has a high-cell toxicity, permeable payload of the membrane, plus an enzyme permeable connector, even at low dar.
A166 is a stable spot specific lysine bond, which gives it a higher arc homogeneity. A166 is a very low risk of ild associated with duo-5. According to the preliminary results of the i-dose expansion study in China, a166 showed good treatment, with an orr of 73.9% for her 2+bc patients in the late stages.
In terms of safety, based on a comparison of data from non-head-to-head cross-tests, a166 shows differentiated safety and a high degree of stability in the circulatory cycles of patients.a166 has a low incidence of blood, gastrointestinal tract and lung toxicity, the most common of which are the most common.
The adverse reaction is mainly related to the eye and the surrounding nerve, but the toxicity is reversible and is usually well controlled.a166 has a different competitive advantage compared to Hessellay, ds-8201 and Aiti.a166 clinical efficacy data are shown in table 20a166.
5.3.egfr Single Resistance: a140 declared publicly admissible egfr is a cell surface receptor that plays a key role in multiple cell signal circuits and is a pathogen for multiple cancers such as crc, hnscc, nsclc. egfr is an important drug target, and the egfr Single Resist is the most clinically proven.
A140 is a reassembly anti-surveillance factor (egfr) human rats embedded in monoclonal antibodies that inhibit the growth and survival of tumor cells expressed in egfr.a140 is the first domestic reference drug to the original study of the Western Veterans.a 140 is similar to the national Xistoven anti-injection liquid organisms.
The Guidelines for the Design of Clinical Trials for Medicines (pilot) develop and declare products produced in the same sequences of amino acids and the same mechanisms of action as the original drug (commodity name: Apocalypse), the declared adaptive conditions are consistent with the originals and are intended to be used for the treatment of trans-boundary rectum cancer in the ras gene field, for the treatment of cervical stair cell cancer, and for the treatment of local late-stage diseases, among other things, in combination with radiation therapy.
According to the Chinese cancer epidemiology data published by the National Cancer Centre in 2022, in 2020 there were 560,000 new cases of colon cancer, 290,000 deaths, and the number of cases and the number of deaths among all malignant neoplasms is second and fifth respectively. The Western Veterans are currently one of the major treatments for transient rectum cancers expressed in the ras wild egfr.
As of 2022, the size of the West Tores and the global market stood at $1.73 billion, with sales in China reaching $2,253 million, and the need for clinical drugs for the West Tores alone remained unmet because of the availability of drugs. At present, the West Tores and Nittos are the ones approved for market in our country.
The clinical development pattern is dominated by the Western Toto monobiotic antibiotic-like drugs, which are not currently on the market, and three candidate products are in the iii phase of clinical or more. The company a140 has declared Nda, accepted by nmpa on September 11, 2023, and a 140 has been approved to market, which could significantly improve the accessibility of the product and the demand for it for more patients.
5.4. International competitiveness is increasing. Globally, in 2022, the company entered into three licensing and cooperation agreements with Mossadunda, with a total payment of 118.21
$1 million to develop up to nine adc products for cancer treatment, including three adc products that have advanced to the clinical stage (skb264, skb 315 and skb410) and six pre-c clinical products. In October 2023, the 2 pre-c clinical products worked together. 3 clinical adc products and 4 pre-c products continued to work together.
2023h1, Colombote confirmed income of $1.037 billion to Mercado, highlighting the commercial value of major international markets. The overseas clinical studies led by Mercado are being conducted or prepared in the United States, Canada, Australia, France, Belgium, and Poland, and many global multicentre registered clinical studies are under way, and will be launched in November of this year.
The skb264 drug is used in the global iii clinical study of egfr mutation tki late or transferary nsclc, which opens up the skb264 global research and development milestone. The mandated collaboration with Mercado is an important international recognition of corporate adc technology platforms and R & D capabilities, which will be enhanced by combining the research and development experience of the Moshaldon team with the innovative capabilities of the company.
In addition to the company’s strategic plan to build an international innovative pharmaceutical industry, the company’s systems research and development, global clinical development, and commercialization capabilities. In addition, the company’s domestic and foreign mandate for several projects is entering the commercial terms-negotiation phase, and the company will continue to advance its overseas rights-making work on research projects to enhance their market value and international competitiveness.
6. Profit forecasting and valuation analysis.
The company is in the lead in research and approval, new products continue to be marketed each year, based on the Department ' s strong R & D, marketing and cost control capabilities, the company ' s non-revenue agent business is expected to grow, and we expect that in 2023 the company ' s antibiotic intermediate products will be full of products, with significant environmental, scale and cost advantages, and major products 6-apa, penicillus, etc.
Markets such as the sog potassium salt and the sulphate redicillin are relatively high. With the increase in management and productivity of the Choonning Organism and its subsidiaries, and the increase in the sale of new synthetic biology products, the company’s intermediate and raw material medicine business will continue to grow, with payments of $1.037 billion received from Mercantón, and with the achievement of the milestones of the subsequent agreement and the commercialization of innovative products, we anticipate that it will continue to grow.
Figure 42 Company pe-bands Risk of lag in the evaluation of generic pharmaceutical consistency: cde approval speed can affect progress in the evaluation of generic pharmaceutical consistency by companies and, if delayed approval of products falls short of expectations, it may affect future income expectations for generics.
The research and development of new medicines has not progressed as much as expected: the development of new medicines is characterized by high inputs, high risks, long cycles, and the process of research and development includes a number of complex links, failures in research and development, or risks of less than expected.The risk of price volatility of raw materials: the risk of price volatility of the company’s main intermediates, the risk of price volatility of raw materials pharmaceutical products and the risk of increased competition.
Pharmaceutical manufacturers are under constant pressure to sell lower prices, and there is a risk that the company’s product will be reduced prices and its market share will be taken away.
No direct or indirect relationship exists between the specific proposals or views expressed in the present report and the analysis and judgement of the individual researchers at the time the present report was produced, and does not represent the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates.
If the law allows, the company’s associates may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be offering or seeking to present them.