Aerobic devices were released to achieve a reverse growth at a supplemental rate 27 October 2020 Aerobic devices were released to achieve a reverse increase at a supplementary cost: the company was located in four of China's leading modern coal-chemicals.
One of the bases, Ning Shaningdong Coal Industries, is China’s largest single-body coal company. The company’s main products, coke, polypropylene and polyethylene, respectively, were reported to have dropped only marginally to 42.65% during the reporting period, while the combined sales of bifin were increased by the same amount as the production of the bronze device.
87.3% long, with negative growth in performance achieved by means of volume supplementation. Coal, methanol self-conforming, and further increased cost control capacity: raw materials for corporate products of coke and HCs came from coal and methanol, and 2.2 million tonnes/year of methanol were added to production at the end of June.
Mining licences were received in the month, the proportion of coal purchased out of the country fell further, and the increase in the self-sufficiency of raw materials such as coal and methanol would further strengthen the cost-control capacity of companies.  Projects under construction are progressing well, with sustained growth in medium- and long-term performance: the company now produces 1.2 million tons per year
The production capacity of polyolefins, 4 million tons of methanol and 780,000 tons of fine chemicals is already a domestic coal industry. At the same time, large capital expenditure projects continue to be under way, starting construction in May 2020.
The construction of the 500,000 tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbons project started on a monthly basis and is expected to be completed by the end of 2022; in addition, the Fahrenheit pole, which is worth highlighting, was approved in July 2020 by the Inner Mongolia Development Commission (NAMRC) in the first phase of the company ' s 4 million tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbons project.
The company’s medium- and long-term performance is expected to continue to grow as projects are under way.  Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we expect the company’s net return profit for 2020-2022, respectively
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board