. ..the price of the product has increased its performance, looking at the value of the company and the space for growth. Maintain the "buy-in" rating. Recent increases in the prices of polyfins and coke have increased, the interior project is well under way, the company is in a productive release period over the next five years, and there is much room for growth.
We maintain a profit forecast, with the company ' s net profit from 2020-2022 excluding a significant increase in the price of vinyl hydrocarbons and the cost of repairs and repairs, respectively, expected to rise by a full q4 price of q7750/t (an increase of q3 by $586/t), the price of vinyl hydrocarbons is 8055/t, and the price of vinyl hydrocarbons is not tax-free.
In yuan, the company q2 has completed the equipment overhaul, and q3 has entered normal production at normal rates. The company's single-season coke production of 1.1 million tons has contributed $660 million, and the fine-tuning industry is expected to contribute $100 million, so we predict that the company's profits in q4 seasons can reach $1.67 billion, an increase of about 58 per cent over the ring.
The Nemon project is well under way, with sustained expansion over the next five years The Nemon project is well under way: according to the daily newspaper of Inner Mongolia, the secretary of the Party of the Autonomous Region, Shi Taefeng, inspected the construction site (worked) of the Bo Fung Energy Ordos base, and presented a vision for the construction of a national coal-based industry pole.
Local attention to corporate projects has been given, following the signing of strategic cooperation agreements of $30 billion and $20 billion with business and industry banks and transport banks to secure funding needs. The expansion of production capacity over the next five years has continued: company planning for the production of acrylics from 1.2 million tons to 6.2 million tons, coke from 4 million tons to 7 million tons, coal from 7.5 million tons to 75 million tons.
The company's tri-quarterly report - with outstanding non-performance, and an expansion of capacity & cost advantage to build coal-based acrylic hydrocarbons, with 4 million tons of acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic acrylic production (or earlier), is expected to achieve a total post-partum performance of more than $20 billion.
• The accumulated savings of over $2 billion in recent March, the gradual elimination of stock price repression and the rebound in corporate stock prices since September, and the swings around $10, we believe, are the main reasons for this.
The stock ban and the market's concerns about reduction and non-reducing, but the reality is that little has been reduced largely through large-scale transactions, without exerting any pressure on the secondary market. The company has accumulated 175 large-scale collisions over the last three months, with the impact of the epidemic, and the cost advantage & capacity size continues.