The growth momentum continued in the third quarter, with new projects laying the foundation for development, the Division achieved $11,299 million in revenue, an increase of 15.93 per cent over the previous three quarters; the return to the mother ' s net profit of $3,152 million and the reversal of net corporate profits in the previous three quarters
The average price of coke was RMB 1,195 per ton, a 9.15 per cent decrease in the same year; the average price of pure benzene was RMB 37,90 per ton, a result of successive increases in profits from the same year, mainly as a result of the progressive release of corporate polyolefin products, which supported the growth of corporate collections.
A total of 983,000 tons, a significant increase of 87.2 per cent over the same period; $6.31 billion over the same period, an increase of 62.2 per cent. Polyethylene/polypropylene and subsequent new material operations are important components of the company's industrial extension from large-scale coal-based new materials downstream, the gradual release of existing capacity and the construction of new ones.
Advances in the polyolefins project will result in a sustained increase in company performance. Prices for main products have recovered, and performance in the third quarter has continued the momentum of the first half of the year.
Growth, and a rapid increase in the size of the imports of pp/pe. According to statistics, domestic imports of pgs rose rapidly from 392,000 tons in January to 815,000 tons at their peak in June, 1.83 million tons in June and 46.2 per cent in June, bringing back the imports of pp/pe in the third quarter.
According to the announcement, the company sold 157,000 tons in three quarters, while at the same time the prices of pp/pe recovered slightly due to overall supply and demand constraints: the average price of polypropylene was $8439 per ton, an increase of 3.43% in the ring ratio; the average price of polyethylene was $7940 per ton, the ring.
Millions of yuan, an increase of 27.37 per cent over the same period, out of which the company incurred non-recurrent losses of $194 million in three quarters, mainly as a result of donor spending of $235 million. The cost of benefiting from the warming of the prices of major products and the introduction of 2.2 million tons of public coal per year methanol projects was reduced in the first three quarters of the company as a whole.
One of the Goldgrass Business Series reports: Global Food Adding: The Māori Rate was 42.65%, an increase of 2.46 percentage points from the Māori Rate in the first half of the year. The introduction of new devices led to a significant increase in net operating cash flows, which supported companies to invest more in research and development
"Wanhua Chemistry: Global mdi, tdi capable of producing net cash flows in the first three quarters of the company amounted to $3.708 billion, a significant increase of 57.56 per cent over the same period.
The cash flow into the market for new products has increased significantly, mainly as a result of the company ' s carbon gasification project of 600,000 tonnes/year-old hydrocarbons, which was officially launched in June.
Standard Upgrading Series II: National Sterilization Succession 600,000 tonnes/Annual Hydrocarbons Project (subsequently completed in October 2019) and Fire Gasification Extensions 2020.07.22
The 2.2 million tonnes Methanol Project (formerly completed in June 2020) consists of the downstream docking of the production of polyolefins using a two-pipe silt process to produce multiple high-end polyethylene products such as double peak polyethylene and macaronimetal polyethylene.
In the last three quarters, the company invested $76.48 million in R&D, a significant 67% increase over the previous three months. The company is moving from coal-chemicals to the cutting edge of industrial-material integration, and the profitability of the main business will support the company.
A breakthrough has been made in highly scarce high-end materials such as high-end polyolefins. Large-scale capacity-building for the consolidation of coal-based hydrocarbons, and new material layouts have laid the foundation for future development.
During the reporting period, the company ' s 500,000 tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbon project at the Ning Shaningdong Energy Chemical Base was officially under construction; the 500,000 tonnes/year c2-c5 Integrated Use of AFO project was approved by the Environment Assessment, and prior work was largely completed: 4 x 1 million tonnes/ in Inner Mongolia Oldos
The work ahead of the annual coal-based hydrocarbon demonstration project, approved by the people ' s government of the city of Ordos in June 2020, is included in the Master Plan for the Construction of a Model Area for the Modern Coal Industry in the city of Ordos, where the 500,000 tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbons project and the 500,000 tonnes/year c2-c5 hydrocarbon project are expected to take place.
It was completed in 2022, with 250,000 tonnes/year-old ethylene acetylene polymers (eva) and 300,000 tonnes of polypropylene. Inner Mongolia ' s 4 million tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbon project is expected to be significantly lower than the Shinsengshi project (tonne investment of 260 million yuan) and less than the Bo-fon energy.
The second phase of the project will be $255 million, and the lower ton investment will bring significant cost advantages to the company. The gradual landing of large-scale coal-based hydrocarbon devices will provide strong support for the company’s development strategy to integrate fine coal-chemicals into new materials.
During the reporting period, the company efficiently developed market-resoughly needed polypropylene fibres, smelting sprays, thin-walled plastics, high-density polyethylenes, high-intensity double-peak diaphragms, and linear polyethylene for silhouette-resistant film, relying on upstream ethylene feedstocks and realizing the advantages of large-scale polyethylene/polypropene production.
Products such as materials, the company ' s ratio of polyolefins and the market influence have increased significantly. Furthermore, through the extension of the industry chain through the development of special materials, initial partnerships have been established with downstream waterproofing materials, pipes, and food packaging processing enterprises.
In the future, the company will build on its domestic advantage in the field of coal fine chemicals, increasing its research and development capacity, expanding downstream into the new materials industry, and gradually becoming a coal-industrial-material flagship enterprise integrated into the entire industry chain of coal-chemicals.
The company is an absolute leader in the coal industry, and the future chain of industry is gradually perfected with a long-term investment price. A “buy-in” rating is given.
Guwu: Research Assistant, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials, Master of Polytechnics, Sichuan University, 4 years of experience in the industry of flying aviation materials in the mid-flight industry, 2 years of research experience in the new materials industry
The information and observations in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, will not be, and will not be, received directly or indirectly from the specific recommendations or views in the present report.