South Air, Zhao Xudong, is the first to lose, and the recovery of international routes will continue to restore the company's performance.
The company built an air network with Guangzhou and Beijing as its hub, with passenger traffic permanently ahead of business. In 2024, the company recovered steadily, with the first net profit to be lost after deduction in the first quarter of the year, making a better profit than the national and the east.
Given the company’s current low valuation, the recovery of the international route in 2023 was lagging, and high oil prices dragged the company back to profit. The company returned to only about 45% of the international route in 2019 in 2023, but the fleet grew by 5.3% from 2019.
This resulted in a 10.6 per cent decrease in aircraft daily utilization compared to 2019, and the eventual depreciation (including leasing) of corporate units, which was 13.7 per cent higher than in 2019.
Product mix q1 succeeded in reversing its losses in 2024. In 2024, the company was steadily rehabilitated, with international shipping lines ask and rpk growing by 226 per cent and 261 per cent, respectively, returning to more than 70 per cent in the same period in 2019.
On the counter-cost side, thanks to an increase in aircraft utilization driven by the rehabilitation of international routes, the build-up of aviation coal oil production prices by 4 per cent per annum, and a decline of about 9 per cent per kilometer per annum per kilometer per kilometer per annum, the company was the first to achieve a reversal of the losses, although the company recovered only 21 per cent of its net profit in the same period in 2019.
In the medium term, oil prices will remain volatile, and the recovery of international routes will be an important variable for the elastic performance of the Division.
The Bureau has indicated that it will make every effort to promote the resumption of international flights, the liberalization of the super-exemption policy, and the return of international tourism markets, and the trend towards a recovery of international routes. Currently, the company’s international airline ask, rpk, has returned to more than 75% of the same period in 2019, while the company’s international flight plan for the summer and autumn of 2024 shows that the company’s international flights are now back on track.
The report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investment of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... were not ... personal clients. The report could not be copied or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.