The largest securities firm in the country is the Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino-Sino (600030) company, which ranks first in many businesses.
The company’s first shareholders are the Sino-Trust Group, financial resources, and industrial resources. The Sino-Trust Bank, the Sino-Trust Trust, and the Sino-Trust Securities are powerful leaders in their respective industries.
□ Brokering: a high percentage of institutional clients balanced corporate income structure, traditional business with innovative business.
The ratio of high institutional households has led to high premiums, company commissions have been higher than industry averages, □ investment business: equity, debt-drivers, investment business in favor of large bond dealers, and small- and medium-sized bond dealers have become less and less viable. With ipo additions,
In cross-border M&As, the company is gradually increasing its internal and external integration and is active in managing its business: it is institutionally based and has a large platform.
Corporate finance continues to optimize the differentiated development path of “agency-based, platform-based” and is entrusted to continue to be the industry’s top and dominant leader. Corporate governance focuses on corporate business, with wealth management and alternative business as a two-wheel drive, investing in the business.
Corporate business is balanced and risk-resistant. Traditional business is strong, with high-level institutional households more stable than the company’s share of the market; brokering becomes a new profit growth point and a strong financial advantage.
The company’s rating was raised from bbb to aa in 2017, contributing to the development of the company’s innovative business and reducing the share of investors’ protection funds and increasing corporate profits.
1.1 Large and powerful securities dealers The largest securities firm in the country was established on 25 October 1995 in Beijing.
By the end of 2016, the company ' s ipo masters were ranked second in the industry, the size of the domestic M & As transaction, the size of the entrusted asset management, the balance of the voucher, the new three-board issue, the size of the bond owners, and the share of the brokerage market. As of 2016, the industry was ranked second.
In mid-2017, the net capital of companies was $78.8 billion, a decline of 15.69% compared to the beginning of the year, and the ranking of listed securities was second, mainly as a result of the increase in capital and equity payments to subsidiaries. Companies invested $337 million, respectively.
The sum of $245 million has been acquired into Tianjin and Tianjin for 100% of the stake, while at the same time investing in fully-owned subsidiaries will boost the RMB 11 billion. After the replenishment, the Sino-China Portfolio Investment Register will increase to RMB 14 billion to operate alternative investment operations beyond the list of self-employed investment varieties.
Figure 2 shows the marketer 2017h net capital under the line of business not only as a broker window, but also as a front-line position for the investment, management, credit, etc.
A total of 379 new businesses have been established, representing an increase of 10.45 per cent in the same year. There are 25 new businesses, representing an increase of 9.65 per cent in the same year, with 284 businesses in the fifth place.
Regional advantages are evident in the developed regions.
Figure 6-2016. Completion of the entire industry chain layout of the securities industry.
Founded in 1979, the Sino-Trust Group has grown into a large, integrated, State-owned inter-state enterprise group, dealing with finance, energy resources, manufacturing, engineering, real estate and other fields, and rich financial and industrial resources. In 2016, the Sino-Trust Group took its place in the United States of America's Wealth magazine, World 500.
Business is ranked 156th in the list. The Sino-Trust Group is ranked 156th in the list of “World 500” companies. The Sino-Bank, Sino-Tor, Sino-Tor are the leading firms in their respective industries, which together constitute a combination of Sino-Trust Holdings.
Business research: traditional business goes hand-in-hand with new business.
Lei's leading domestic and international top investment bank continued to transform into a “trade-based” and “product-services” industry with a vision. Corporate income structure is balanced, with traditional and innovative business moving in parallel.
Billion dollars, an increase of 27.33% in the same year. The international business has steadily increased, benefiting from the dynamism of the Hong Kong market.
In terms of industry concentration, the top 20 stock market holders (c20) accounted for half of the top 10 coupons in 2005-2016, and the top 20aires accounted for nearly 70% of the market turnover.
The concentration of the field is more beneficial for large- and small- and medium-size-sized securities dealers, leaving a narrow space for survival. Corporate brokering revolves around a development strategy of “productization, institutionalization, and high-end” that deepens the development and operation of individual clients, wealth management clients, and institutional clients.
By the end of 2016, 29,000 households, or 0.44%, were well above the industry ' s 0.28%. Institutional households were less sensitive to commission rates than their individual clients, and the amount of money was so high that they could dig deeper.
Investments: equity, debt-drive, large-scale investment, large-scale capital management are the direction of the transformation of the securities sector. Regulatory regulation is strengthened, policy is maintained. Patches, ipo, refinancing and new rules are introduced from late 2016, closing policy gaps, one.
As a result of the new refinancing regulations, the rate of refinancing has slowed. Starting in 2015, a market share of the top 10 coupons has been phased in by industry concentration.
The company's investment is in the direction of a shift from a “trade-based” to an “industrial-services-based” approach.
In terms of the stock of projects, there is a large stock of corporate projects. As of September 12, the SEC disclosed companies ' ipos.
With the acceleration of the ipo, large project reserves are expected to be converted into revenues in the near future, further reinforcing the firm’s strong position in business ventures. In cross-border M&As, in the first half of 2017, companies traded $15.2 billion and 10 single transactions.
The company has gradually increased its internal and external integration, actively opening up cross-capitalization: it is an institution-based, large platform, and it has a leading position in the industry.
The main reason for this is that the summer fund achieved net profits of only $534 million, a 23.38 per cent decline in the same year. In terms of size, the total size of the fund was $1.87 trillion, with a market share of 10.57 per cent, and ranked first in the industry.
In terms of the revenue structure, companies have an absolute advantage in the management of targeted assets, with revenue in excess of 70%, income from pooled operations in 20-25%, and the net value of the company's fair-assessed financial assets.
Corporate capital management focuses on development agency operations, with wealth management and alternative operations as two-wheel drive, focusing on increasing the scale of proactive management and building capacity for proactive management and research.
Retrusted to manage the total size of assets and the same ratio, corporate management revenue structure Capital intermediation: industry leaders
In the first half of the year, as a result of the downturn in the market, the financing balance slowed down. As a long-term leader of the business, companies adhered to the principle of prudent development, and the financing balance remained stable at the top of the first half.
The net capital of the public sector is strong, and the advantages of capital-brokering operations are evident. The size of the company’s equity management class is ranked among the top.
In the first half of 2017, the company pledged $67,687 million, with a market share of 9.73%, and maintained industry first for the second consecutive year. Two-combined securities dealers traded and ranked (as of August)
The stock pledge is based on the market value of the unpurchased securities, the income from the financing coupon business and the same comparison. The company is a leading firm in the securities industry, with strong capital, and many of its operations are in the vanguard of the industry.
Corporate business structures are balanced and risk-resistant. Traditional business power is strong, and the ratio of high-level institutional households is conducive to the stability of the public sector’s market share; brokering has become a new profit growth point, with a strong financial advantage.
In terms of valuation, the company's pb is 1.5 times higher, and the valuation is at the bottom level. The company is given an “enhanced” rating.
Figure 32 company history pb The risk of market plates being liberalized;
This is defined as follows: No rating, because the necessary information is not available, or because the company faces significant uncertainties about the outcome, or for other reasons, no clear investment rating is given. The market benchmark index is 300.
The information and comments contained in the report are provided for information purposes only.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.