Utility shares (000938.sz) Business as a whole is sound, cloudy and ict bright
Cloud and ict operations performed well, continuing to break through operators and overseas markets. In 2021, corporate ict operations continued to function, maintaining a good overall growth trend, generating $41.3 billion in annual revenue from ict operations, and 52 weeks of maximum/minimum prices.
Corporate server occupancy has increased further, and network products have remained at the forefront. In 2021, China’s business class Wlan was first in the market for 13 consecutive years; China’s Ether Net exchange was second in the market; and China’s share in the market for Internet routers rose from 30.8 per cent to 31.3 per cent in the previous year, continuing to be second in the market.
In 2021, company management, sales, R & D costs remained almost the same as last year, and companies continued to focus on technological innovation and invested in R & D throughout the year.
3rd Quarterly Financial Reporting Review: Three Quarters of Profit Re-Employability Continuous consolidation of Integrated Solutions to help transform the socio-digital economy. The company reported semi-annual evaluation in 2021 on the Internet, Purple Shares - 000938-21: Revenues are largely in line with expectations.
Purple Shares - 000938 - In-depth Report: Full-Stocked Integrated ict Providers, Multiple Rounds, High Māori Net Products to achieve a higher market rate; 2) Cloud Businesses are on the rise; 3) followed by Purple Shares - 000938 - Critical Events Rapid Review: Equity is given over, looking for long-term growth
Continue to improve the company ' s overall competitiveness in the operator ' s market and open up opportunities for growth in overseas markets; 4) further enhance its profitability through the introduction of a comprehensive programme of digital transformation for higher value added.
Investment proposals: maintain profit forecasts and maintain a “buy-in” rating. Programmatic capacity, with a high value for money value at the current valuation, maintains a “buy-in” rating.
Companies adjusted some subjects to the new accounting standards and retroactively adjusted the comparative period statements by the pre-adjustment calibre, with net profits earned and returned to their mothers in 2020 amounting to 597,189 million yuan, compared with 13.3 per cent and 13.4 per cent, respectively, as shown in figure 2: operating income and rate of increase (in billions of yuan, per cent) for the single season of the purple light shares.
Cloud and ict operations performed well, continuing to break through operators and overseas markets. In 2021, corporate ict operations continued to operate, maintaining a good overall growth trend, generating $41.3 billion, or 25 per cent, of the annual revenue from ict operations, and $30.9 billion (+1.1 per cent, year-on-year) in the distribution industry.
Business income reached $1.678 billion, with Xinhua’s 3h3c brand products and services earning $714 million, an increase of 48.81% over the same period, achieving a high rate of growth. By product, purple clouds are growing faster – calculating the speed of products – and network products are growing faster.
Figure 5: The rate of income and growth of different products of the UV shares (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 6: Māori rates of different products of the UV shares (in %) The Māori rate has been slightly reduced by changes in product structure.
As a result of the growth in web-based products and the fact that the combined Māori rate of servers is lower than the combined Māori rate of web-based products, the public administration experienced a slight decline in Māori levels in 2021. This is the same level as last year, when corporate technology insisted on technological innovation and spent $4,881 million on research and development throughout the year.
Net profit as a whole in the fourth quarter of 2021, due to the pace of tax return, as a result of additions in the first three quarters of the line, compared to the ratio of net profit in the fourth quarter of 2021, figure 9: Māori ratio of purple shares, changes in net interest rates, figure 10: change in cost rates of purple shares
A comprehensive solution capability for digital transformation, with the current valuation having a high value for money and maintaining a “buy-in” rating.Annex table: Financial forecasts and valuations Author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, with reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author