The Centre for Research in Innovation Technology and Business Services optimized the income structure, the core cloud capability of products and channels grew rapidly, the income structure optimized and the market share continuously increased.
Facilities and services generated revenues of $41,348 million, y/y24.81 per cent, and revenues of 61.13 per cent, y/y6pp,it distributions were well developed and revenue structures were continuously optimized: the subsidiary Xinhua Xinhua collected y/y13.04 per cent; and international operations collected $1.678 billion, of which H3c brand earned $714 million.
2. “Webhead chip project, further refining industry. Product markets continue to take the lead and remain at the top two levels of the industry, with a significant expansion of business, operators and international operations and a digital transformation of enabler clients in the public sector.
The Division has made full use of the advantages of government, operators, customers, and overseas channels, and has expanded its operations well. It has focused on 18 industry-based digital transformation solutions, adding nearly 30 smart cities and digital villages.
Urban area network development, China's mobile cloud backbone network, seven provincial-scale deployments, and China's telecommunications 5gstn launch network deployments. Five new affiliates, 12 overseas, have been certified overseas 830 partners in 21 years, and service delivery can cover 135 countries and contribute to global digital economic development.
The purple cloud completes and forms, and the strategy of "Key-Cloud-Web-Ends" is further refined. The subsidiary collects $1,009 million, y/y67.84%, net profit for the mother for the year, $9,074.1 million, with a loss of 43.55% less than the same. The purple cloud has built 43 nodes throughout the country, covering 22 provinces, and has built platforms.
+Eco-operated integrated service systems that build core Paas and saas capabilities. The company’s ict product lines are well developed, the industry’s clouds are deep, and total revenue is expected to grow in two digits over the next three years.
Increased competition in the Shaoyikai@qizq.com.cn industry; 5g push-out below expectations; increased trade friction between the United States and the United States; poor growth of overseas markets; management of risks; and the continued impact of the covid-19 epidemic on overseas demand.
Analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market, after which an average of the final rating is calculated as an average market investment