\triangleright \triangleright \
In Beijing I, the court ruled to approve a plan for the substantive consolidation of seven enterprises, such as the Purple Group, and to terminate the restructuring of seven enterprises, such as the Purple Group. The group’s debt restructuring was settled, and the risks of doing business were identified, and it was expected that it would be able to do so.
On December 10, 2021, a coalition of intellectual capital and extensive assets as the lead party became a consolidated restructuring strategy.
Funders, in our report "The Jurisprudence of the Purple Group and the Risks of Business " , we have analysed in detail the meaning of intelligence and the importance of building the path into purple light. On December 30, 2021, with the successful launch of the Purple 2nd Debt, the Purple Group consolidated the Reorganization Plan (draft) or adopted it, the operational risks are expected to emerge from the adoption of the " Purple Group Reorganization Draft " .
The Qing report further suggests that the group’s debt is expected to fall at an accelerated rate. The approval of this restructuring represents the end of the group’s debt restructuring process, and we believe that the risk to the company’s operations is clear, and we look forward to re-establishing the industrial synergy and empowerment of the whole stock of purple.
Ma Tianxing's policy is to develop the digital economy vigorously, and companies provide the bottom-of-the-board digital infrastructure.
The 14th Five-Year Digital Economic Development Plan, with quantitative indicators for the 14th Five-Year Digital Economic Development, Goal 16, Reprinted by the Secretary-General of the Peace, proposed “a strong push for the digital economy in our country” and further emphasized the need for “a modest ahead deployment of new infrastructure development”, “a comprehensive development integration terminal” to accelerate traditional foundations
Digital transformation. The company's "Key- Cloud-Net-Back-End" layout is fully aligned with the national strategy, with its core product apparel, switchboard, router as an indispensable base infrastructure for digitalization. The purple cloud and the Chinese cloud will also be widely applied to the digital transformation of the enterprise, and the company is expected to fill in the grand wave of significant developments in the 14th Five-Five Digital Economy.
1. Purple Shares (000938); Purple Group Reorganization Drafts: Market share of hardware and software is ahead, and recent bidding results highlight core competitiveness. \triangleright, \triangleright, \dc.
The company's share in the domestic market of ict hardware and software is ranked highest, with the first share of the 2021q1-q3 enterprise-level switch 2. Purple (000938), the judicial reorganization of the Purple Group.
Landing, operating risk clearance at the immediate server level I (45.1 per cent); 2021h1 distributed block storage area I (28.4 per cent) with full power of the integrated transport dimension software, section I, "Black cloud edge"
I (13.3%), network management services first (3.9%), support services first (6.6%), and hardware deployment and support services first (11.2%). Recently, companies have continued to break through in the area of operators and, according to Xinhua Trinity, won the company ' s bid, and China ' s mobile data centre switch was picked up with nearly 30% of the share; China ' s winning bid moved 2022-2023.
The winning amount is ranked first among all seven manufacturers through a series of swaps. Investment proposal: Purple Group’s debt boots are on the ground, company risks are clear, company heads are expected to benefit from a boom in the digital economy, and the company is expected to return to its home in 2021-2023.
\triangleright draws conclusions from methodological and analytical logic, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research and views of researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, directly or indirectly, any recommendations or views in this report.
HSSG (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of securities investment consulting business licensed by the CSRC.