Performance meets expectations, the digital economy is a time when the ict pole is growing big, purple shares (000938), and the boxing industry is worth a lot of money.
Corporate corporate corporate income structure continued to optimize in 2021, with core primary ict infrastructure and services 61.13 per cent; its product distribution and supply chain services operations developed robustly and generated 30,916 million revenues. Companies continued to upgrade their ict infrastructure products to lead the technological development of the ict industry and overall optimization.
Digital solutions, cloud services and software development and integration for priority industry applications, leading to more intelligent projects such as smart cities, smart medicine, smart traffic, smart education, etc., and a digital transformation of the industry's ict-enabling clients throughout the estate.
The company’s deep-seated “cyro-coated-net-side-end” industrial chain promotes the implementation of the cloud-brain strategy and the implementation of a completely upgraded “digital brain” application, with an overall increase in revenue, sustained profitability, increasing competitiveness in the digital economy and growth prospects in the future.
Figure 1: The corporate share of the business of ict is gradually increasing.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
The company’s overall Māori ratio has been reduced by structural influence and has been scaled up. The company’s Māori ratio is largely dependent on 25.67% of the ict base, mainly due to an increase in the share of low Māori server operations (Sinhua 3x86 server sales from Xinhua 3x86)
In 2017, ranking fourth, to the second in 2021; the low Māori ratio in the distribution of the other major business of purple light,it, from 2017 to the steady release of self-research chips, we believe that there is room for further optimization of the company’s combined Māori ratio.
The core subsidiary, Xinhua, continues to serve three major markets, with a transformation in innovation and digitalization of the business of the enabler sector. Business income of $44,351 billion, an increase of 20.52 per cent, a net profit of $3,344 million, an increase of 22.24 per cent. Xinhua, focuses on the three markets of domestic business, domestic operator business and international business, with domestic business growing rapidly.
Operating income amounted to $36.258 billion, an increase of 22.56 per cent over the same period; the market position of domestic operators continued to improve, and the business dynamic increased to $1.678 billion, of which revenue from Xinhua ' s 3h3c brand products and services reached $714 million, an increase of 48.81 per cent, a high rate of growth.
Domestic business: 18 industry digitized transformation solutions were highlighted, 31 industry standards were written in 6 industries, smart cities, digital urban tracks, smart hospitals, smart parks, digital media, and industrial Internet, smart mines, smart airports, smart water, smart emergencies, 5g rows were published every year
A number of forward-looking solutions, such as the margins of the industry, the digital transformation of technology-market-services-wide enablers, domestic operators: Xinhua San continued to break down in the field of operator gathering, core supplier status was stifling China, moving the first share of high-end routers and high-end exchange products from 2021 to 2022, and it was achieved.
The vbras router equipment was the first to break through the mobile collector project in China; a 20% share of the new block storage collection in China from 2021 to 2022 was obtained, and the first break was achieved on the Chinese mobile block storage type tender project; and the Chinese mobile network cloud pool, pc server collection and hardware firewall collection were the first to be awarded.
The top-end firewall and the middle-end firewall are two packages for the China Firewall Collection Project 2021. The top-ranked Chinese Telecom 2021 stn Equipment Construction Project and the China Telecommunication Core Route Exchange Facility Project are key projects; Xinhua has been involved in the construction of the China Network of 19 provinces and more than 100 local city smart city networks, moving seven provinces in China.
Xinhua and China's mobile network jointly won the Gansu provincial digital government project and helped the Government to construct the “12345+n” overall architecture.
The establishment of the Philippine subsidiary was completed at the beginning of the year, with 12 overseas affiliates. By the end of 2021, 830 of Xinhua ' s certified overseas partners had established spare parts centres in 24 countries and territories, with service delivery covering 135 countries.
Ten thousand dollars, or 43.55 per cent less than the same loss. Purple clouds continue to build the core capacity of cloud services and to create deep synergy for cloud operations. Forty-three nodes have been built throughout the country, covering 22 provinces, of which eight are self-built, 11 are joint nodes, 24 are political clouds and exclusive cloud nodes.
\triangleright 2021, the core subsidiary, Purple Clouds, grew rapidly in cloud services, smart cities and industrial clouds:
In the case of smart cities, the company Xinhua has worked in depth with Xinhua, in the case of Xinhua, in the case of Xinhua, in the case of smart cities, in the case of Xinhua, in the case of Xinhua, in the case of Xinhua, in the case of Qingqing City, in the case of Xinjin City, in the case of Xianjin City, in the case of Xiaoyan City, in the case of Xinhai City, in the case of Xinjiang City, in the case of Xianjin City.
Industry clouds: The focus is on industrial clouds, construction clouds and water clouds, building integrated service systems for platform + ecology + operation, deep-farming applications, building core Paas and saas capabilities.
Quadrants, access to idc Chinese industrial Internet platform manufacturers, assessment reports of the “principal manufacturer” quadrant; water cloud deep-deeping in water management, water quality monitoring systems, water information: building clouds in smart parks, smart sites, residential telecommunication, etc., continued to work: the 2021 project for the Shenyang industrial enterprise, and the industrial cloud project for the wisdom park in Jiangjin district,
Multi-products lead the country, and research and development continues to invest in consolidating the ict flagship position \triangleright
In 2021, the market share of China ' s firm-level wlan was 28.4 per cent, leading the market for 13 consecutive years; in China, the market share of the Tainet exchange was 35.2 per cent, ranking second; in China, the market share of the Internet routers rose from 30.8 per cent in the previous year to 31.3 per cent, continuing to rank second in the market; and in China, the market share of the x86 server increased from 15.4 per cent in the previous year.
17.4 per cent, to the second highest market; 19.5 per cent, from the fourth jump in the previous year, to the fourth jump in China ' s non-x86 server; 47.8 per cent, to the second most persistent market in China; 12.6 per cent, to the second market in China ' s storage market; 9.0 per cent, to the second market in China ' s security hardware market; and to the third quarter of 2021
In 20.5% of China’s supermarket market share, the market share rises to the top. In 2021, companies invested $4,881 million in R & D, an increase of 14.15% compared to the previous year.
\triangleright, a leading domestic \ct equipment company with a complete “ cloud-net-side-end-core” industrial chain, has made sustained breakthroughs in recent years in the high-end market of operators and overseas markets, and we appreciate the competitiveness and long-term development of companies in the digital economy era.
The cloud computing industry has not developed as expected; overseas operations have not developed as expected; and the debt restructuring of the parent company has not been as effective as expected.
Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in December 2020, covering the communications & Internet industry, mainly in the areas of car networking, networking, operators, Internet, etc. Qui-yang, Master of Engineering, Software Engineering, Beijing University. Joined the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2021, engaged in communication & Internet.
The components are not, are not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analytical opinions or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consultancy approved by the CVM. This report is produced and published by the CVM.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.