The future of the purple cloud layout with robust performance growth - the growth of the purple shares (000938.sz) is in line with expectations and further increases in operating earnings and profits.
Cao Xute's Māori rate remained stable overall, and the ict infrastructure business Māori rate fell 3.45 percentage points in the same year.
ict’s market position has been further enhanced, with steady growth in overseas markets. The company’s domestic Ethernet switchboard is second-larger than 35.2%, and its domestic x86 server 17.4%, raising its share to second.
The company’s continued breakthrough in the operator’s market is expected to rise further in the future. A subsidiary, Xinhua, continues to expand the domestic operator’s market, and the position of its core suppliers is becoming stronger.
In China, the largest share of mobile high-end routers and high-end switch product collections has been achieved and the Vbras routers have made their first breakthrough in the Chinese mobile collection; they are deeply involved in the construction of the smart city network in China’s 19 provinces.
In 2021, the company acquired 46.67% of the shares, and the purple cloud collected $1,009 million, a comparison of the same amount.
The purple cloud continues to build a core cloud platform and strengthens the ability to build cloud operations and services. Forty-three nodes have been built throughout the country, covering 22 provinces.
The Group has entered the implementation phase of the restructuring, and the debt problem is expected to be resolved to facilitate the smooth growth of the company; the epidemic continues to spread: operators and overseas operations have not grown as expected: industry competition has increased.
Zhang Jianyu, a master of engineering from Beijing University of Science and Technology, has been working in China and China for many years in the ict industry, and joined the Port of Shin securities in November 2021 as a research opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
Investors should not simply rely on this report to replace their own independent judgement, and should be free to make investment decisions and bear the risk of their own investment, and any investment decisions and capital decisions made by investors on that basis