Domestic line performance was strong, followed by a growth in performance after the withholding of remittances - Annual Report 2018. Companies achieved operating income of $114.9 billion in 2018, an increase of 13 per cent in comparison with the previous year; net return to mothers of $2.71 billion.
At the end of the income spectrum: the domestic line is strong and the overall yield is rising steadily, and the company has achieved $104 billion in passenger revenue over 18 years, an increase of 14.5 per cent. Of this, the domestic/regional line views the economic slowdown as a pressure on aviation demand, but the overall upward trend is still faster than in 17 years, and is expected to be mainly along the route.
Prices and surcharges are associated with fuel. In terms of the quality of the benefits, benefits are derived from the flight price increases and the surcharge on fuel, and the public reverses the downward trend by 4.3 per cent and 2.2 per cent of the regional line increases. With the elimination of the surcharge on fuel, controls on domestic/international/regional public and non-oil costs have been strengthened and performance has increased on a year-on-year basis, net of exchange and investment gains.
The \triangleright company generated business costs of $102.4 billion in 2018, an increase of 13 per cent over the same year, mainly due to an increase of 26 per cent in the purchase price of naval oil and an increase of 7 per cent in fuel consumption due to increased flying time, resulting in a 34 per cent increase in the cost of naval oil, but continued to optimize the consumption per unit of oil.
The annual consumption of tons of oil fell by 2.6 per cent, excluding fuel surcharges and shipping costs, and corporate non-oil cost controls were strengthened, with non-oil costs increasing by only 5.5 per cent in 18 years, less than the ask increase, estimating the elimination of fuel surcharges and shipping costs At the end of the year: the sales/management cost rate is almost equal.
Cost adjustment rates +0.08 pct/-0.04 pct. Financial costs due to the devaluation of the renminbi increased by 369% over the same year, with investment gains from East China ' s shareholdings increasing the company ' s total profits by 24% over 18 years.
Consider: (1) the current supply in the industry is expected to be released by the suspension of 737max flights and the suspension of airworthiness certificates; (2) the pmi data improved significantly in March, the economy is expected to be stable and aviation demand is expected to grow at a rate of more than 10 per cent throughout the year; (3) external factors are improved (sweepers are stable and macroeconomic downs are sustained; oil and sink prices are volatile.
Jonesy, Dean of the Human Life Institute, after a Ph.D. in Financial Mathematics at Vanderbilt University, Ph.D. Johns Hopkins University, Bachelor of Arts from the University of Gangdan, and Dr. Dr. Dr. Professor of Futures Trading in Shanghai, and Mr. Gu Chen Guan, Research Assistant in Social Services and Transport, and Master of Finance from the University of Honji, each of which studied social services.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of the securities investment consulting profession granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.