In 2022, the company returned to its mother's net interest rate \triangleright.
About 30.38%, +3.77pc, mainly in the context of the nationalization of the farming process, 21q4 companies have left more advance payments in the process of collection of officials at 22q1 to confirm income, with a lower base level for the same period. In four quarters alone, the net interest rate on the return of a company to its mother is about 20.53%, compared to +4.51 pct.
In 2022, the company continued to expand its market, \triangleright terminal, with the number of nationally controlled terminals breaking by 1.12 million, while accelerating the upgrading of market management.
End-of-pipe marketing retroactive management; the south of the Yangtze market has made a steady breakthrough, with growth of more than 50% over the same year. We believe that the company has evolved into a long-trigger, ball-trigger-type market that is not expected to serve as an important engine, with more performance contributions to scale growth and consumption structures.
On a higher level, further release of the Saffron series is achieved. Profit predictions and investment ratings: companies now occupy high-line light bottles plus sub-high-end socialization just \triangleright \triangleright
Three industries enjoy a higher degree of strategic freedom based on a large multi-priced one-size-fits-all layout, making it easier to control the pace of development, which guarantees both the effective landing of the Saffron strategy and steady growth. In our view, the 14th and 5th phases require more attention to the 20-high-end pattern of Saffron prices.
Disturbation, more nurturing time for the 30-year-old recovery layout at a thousand-bit price, while 15-55 Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; risk of recurring epidemic; Shanxi wine (600809.sh): cohesion
Xianxi Liquor (60809.sh): As expected, Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh):
In Beijing, itd has a food and beverage team based on senior industrialists and top-level students.
Long-term thinking, with an emphasis on valuation and security margins. Lou Qing Fu, Master, graduate from the Central University of Finance and Finance, two years of experience in food and beverage research, and two years of experience in bond research. Covers pre-processed foods (in-depth research on Ani foods, lasagna chefs, high-quality foods) and spices (in-depth research on Angel yeasts).
The master's degree in finance, graduated from the Wang Yanan School of Economics at Xiamen University, two years of food and beverage research experience.
In the morning of Zhao Dan, Master of Economics, Graduated from Xiamen University School of Economics, two years of food and beverage research experience.
Joray, Master of Food Science Studies, Graduated from Madison, University of Wisconsin, United States, followed by two years of U.S.S.S.P.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.A., research and development and operations, one year of food and beverage research experience.
Liquor, two degrees in law and economics, two years in the financial sector, followed by the white wine industry for 13 years.
At the lower and lower end of the scale, there is practical exercise experience, strong industrial thinking, rich alcohol circles, and a unique understanding of the trends in the white industry, especially in analysing the patterns of sub-higher alcohol competition. Tang Jing, B.A., Chinese University of Technology, 15 years of fast-discharge industry experience, 10 years of first-line sales experience.
You have an insight into high-end white wine. You're good at promoting the future of alcohol based on available data and market moves. You're good at the future of the market. You're good at it. You're good at it. You're good at it. You're good at it.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.