Good feedback on marketing and good marketing thinking — a study on the dynamics of Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh) — good feedback on marketing during the spring season, healthy growth of low stocks
During the spring festival, conns@cfsc.com.cn, the company’s end-consumption opening rate performed well, after which the dealer was more confident, and the demand for the replenishment at the end of January reflected better end-of-life sales.
Keeping track of healthy development, guaranteeing low-stock operations, stage-stop banks, digesting, and currently within control. Prior to the festival, the company released a performance forecast for 2022, which continued to build on the foundation, fast-discharge, and 30 flowers for high-quality growth in the rim.
Operation, innovative marketing and promotion, with lot prices expected to pick up on a continuous basis, with 40 or 50 sunflowers continuing to lead a series of brand images.
Focusing on niche and sinking markets deepens the network of national channels, while increasing the number of end-points while doing graded work, strengthening digital information management, implementing end-of-pipe precision operations, and increasing cost efficiency.
Since the end of the campaign, the top end and the channel have been able to achieve a good performance in controlling marketing. In 2023, it is expected that the presenter will be fully imported into the market and that it will effectively upgrade the structure of the product and become a guide to high-light light bottled wine.
We're looking forward to the company's series of sunflowers, and the waist product is expected to continue to function. 1, Shanxi Wine (600809), 2022, 2, Shanxi Liquor (600809), dealer.
The Congress has responded positively, creating a whole range of product standards, macroeconomic downside risks, 20 less than expected, gifted production progress.
As expected, the sparks continue to rise. 2022 - Unexpected, out-of-area expansion, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, five years of food and beverage sellers’ experience, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the beverage plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
Ho Astronomy: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, with a dual master of law, economics, and taste industry research, reflects my research views. I have not been, nor will I be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.