The Shanxi Wine Review, 20,01, 2023.
On 19 January, the company announced its annual performance forecast for 2022. Preliminary estimates indicate that the company expected a high income performance of 2022, with a continuation of high-quality development, and that the Shanxi wine has been releasing organizational dynamism since the implementation of the change in 2017, with the company in 2017-2021.
Market value in circulation (millions of yuan): The market structure, product structure and brand power continued to improve. Corporate income and performance were excellent in 2022, mainly as a result of:
1) The company continues to contract the terminal and manages the upgrade to achieve the end-of-life retroactive: in 2022, the company continued to expand the market and the number of nationally controlled terminals passed by 1.12 million; accelerated market management upgrades to achieve end-of-market visualization retroactive management.
2) The company ' s nationalization process was impressive: in 2022, the company ' s south of Yangjiang market made a steady breakthrough, 3) the product structure continued to be optimized, the Saffron series grew rapidly: in 2022, the company ' s whole series of saffrons grew by 60 per cent on a year-on-year basis, the product structure continued to be upgraded and branding was constantly upgraded.
Qing Qing Xianglong's head is deep and well managed 1) the brand is deep and the product matrix is clear: the company owns Xiaohua, the village of almonds, and the bamboo leaf.
The three brands are branded with a high reputation; the Saffron series is dominated by high-end and sub-high-end brands, the Bozo market, the Panama and old white-collar waist markets, the village of almonds, the bamboo-leaf-rich group of products. 2) Channels continue to expand and the level of management is refined: direct distribution is combined in the company's provinces, and the factory is used out of the country.
“Study of the dollar securities industry — food and beverages — triannual report 2022: Business 1+1”; quota management of whole series of products, introduction of various digital systems, marketing, stress-resistant growth, food and drink price highlights: 2022.1.09
3) Corporate governance is strong: since the transformation, the company has introduced an optimized governance structure, equity incentives have stimulated core employee motivation; Mr. Yuan Qingmoo took office as Chairman of the company in January 22, last year
The company is China’s first bottle of Qing Kao, and the series of Qinghuas are booming and selling, and the product structure is being optimized and the expansion of the province is accelerating. We expect the company to return to its mother in 2022/2023/2024.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association, is diligent, professional, independent and objective.
Present the present report. The data that I have committed to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of which is based on the author ' s professional integrity and professional competence, and the report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and concludes, through reasonable judgement, that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the CSRC, the S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities advisory services approved by the C.I.S.C.C.A., which is a basic form of inquiry for securities investors or customers by the institution that obtains the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority.