The Sini Sanctuary, the Shanxi Liquor (60809.sh) and the q4 series continue to grow, and the profit is overrated.
The product structure is further optimized by the expected q4 profit acceleration supermarket on 20 January 2023. The company ' s operating income in 2022 was about $26 billion, an increase of about 30 per cent in the same year, of which q4 had a single-quarter operating income/mortality net profit.
The increase is about 42/82%, and profits exceed previous market expectations. The main factor is the company's flexibility in adapting marketing policies to the dot-like epidemic, continuously optimizing the product structure, and achieving large market figures for medium- and high-end products such as the Saffron series: 20 January 2023.
The increase, and the impact of the epidemic in three or four quarters, has been blocked. In particular: 1) Sub-products, the whole series of saffrons has grown by 60% over the same year, and the 30th Renaissance has continued to grow at a high rate, of which 25 are the highest/minimum in a year:
Panama, Panama, the Old White Sea, and the Bounty Continuation Control Strategy. 2) According to the distribution channels, the market value of the public circulation shares (billions): The Department has been expanding its market, deep-farming terminals, and the number of nationally controlled terminals has risen by 1.12 million, while accelerating.
Market management has been upgraded, end-of-market visualization has been achieved; the south of the Yangtze market has been steadily broken, with growth of more than 50% over the same year.
\triangleright Requirements and rhythm are the same as in previous years, with 20-30% return from pre-festival companies, and changes in the pattern of the Panamanian system, with a higher degree of precision in the market according to the month's quota and a quarterly focus
In light of the development of the fragrance, Qing has risen, but Qing has not really begun. The rise of Qing has been made possible by the release and rapid growth of the history of Qing Liquor, which is currently not a brand camp or a brand ladder.
The Qingixiang white wine has broken out with a strong growth potential, and the Qingixiang class is accelerating its expansion. The demand has improved with a strong degree of certainty.
And profit elasticity. In the medium and long term, the goal of high-end + nationalization of the company’s product is clear, and performance is strong. So, as the product is upgraded, the impact of scale becomes more visible, and the level of management performance is optimized, there is a reasonable basis for the future. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
The opinion or opinion is in any form directly or indirectly compensated.