2022 Perfect drop-out, strong growth power.
In 2022, the whole series of Saffrons grew by 60% over the same period, and the transformation of the company's product structure into higher-end has been very effective.
In 2022, the company’s south of the Yangtze River market opened up a vast growth space by driving companies’ long-term high-quality development.
There has been a steady breakthrough, with growth of more than 50% over the same year, and national expansion driving high growth in corporate revenue. The company has continued to deepen the market layout strategy of 1357+10, continuously optimizing market structures and all-round deep-deeping priority markets.
The potential of the markets around the west and south of the Yangtze River is high, and market expansion is now successful, and it is hoped to be even higher in the future. In addition, the company Deep Farming Terminal, which in 2022 was able to reach more than 1.12 million nationally controlled terminals, accelerated market management and improved visualization of end-markets.
Three-quarterly edition of Shanxi Wine (60809.sh) 2022: The product structure continues to upgrade and the process of nationalization progresses steadily
-2022/10/29 On the “13348” rum marketing reform agenda, which is “rounded by one centre, three main tasks, and advanced by three and two, the Shanxi wine (600809.sh) was reported in mid-2022:
Big action, perfecting four systems, doing eight things, and promoting a higher quality in the marketing of wine in all its aspects.
Quarterly reviews: high-growth structural upgrades in the Queens Series, single investment proposals: firm corporate push to further optimize market and product structures, brand visibility and America Quarterly profitability innovations - 2022/04/27
With a steady rise in reputation and a re-launching of marketing reforms. Looking forward to 2023, the company's nationalization and high-end development, guided by the direction of the first quarter of 2022, is expected to continue its high-performance growth momentum, and the rejuvenation of the wine is on its way.
Performance forecast: high performance in the first quarter, structural upgrading 5. Shanxi wine (60809.sh) January-February 2022: rapid profit growth, sunflower-led structure
46/36/27x, maintaining the “recommended” rating. \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, produces the present report independently and objectively and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.