On 19 January, Shanxi Liquor issued a performance forecast for 2022.
Sunss@cfsc.com.cn Performance meets expectations, product structure continues to optimize. Based on performance forecasts, $26 billion (30 per cent increase) was collected in 2022.
On the right, 30 or more of these flowers were worth more than $3 billion, 27 per cent of which were in Bolivia, 25-30 per cent in Panama, and the product structure continued to be optimized.
“123” master programme; 2) 1.12 million national controlled terminals, with the south of the Yangtze market increasing by more than 50 per cent in the same year; 3) high-quality growth in the whole series of ceremonial wines, increasing by 60 per cent in the same year; 4) strategic deployments of “four focus” and “four focus”
In 2023, the company will think about the “13348” wine marketing process, which will focus on the high quality of the marketing of the wine, the rapid upgrading of brand values, the transformation of the internationalization strategy, and the optimization of the product structure.
In order to promote the maintenance of the national market order, the development of international marketing organizations, and the development of a comprehensive product matrix, three main actions are being taken to improve brand development management, modern marketing management, basic organizational management, market order management and eight systems.
This is to insist on the development of the village as one wing, the development of the village as one wing, the development of the village as one wing, the development of the village as a whole, and the maintenance of the stock of the three markets.
The Congress gave positive feedback, created the whole product, kept the principle of market operations in terms of incremental catch quality, insisted on digital marketing as 2, Shanxi Liquor (60809): performance instrument
The key instruments of enabling marketing remain unshakable, the principle of separation around the price and cost of the three is inconsistent with expectations.
The profit distribution mechanism, which leads to higher levels of profitability among dealers, remains stable.3 Shanxi Liquor (60809): high performance, macroeconomic downside risks, undergrowth of sunflowers and out-of-area expansion.
Presentation by the Food and Beverage Group: Sunshan Mountain: Master of Economics, five years of research experience in food and beverage sellers, comprehensive coverage of the food and beverage industry, focus on the drink plate, in-depth study of the white wine industry, etc.
In the short- to medium-term potential, a share of thinking about white wine plates, deep-seated thinking and insight into the Su wine, Ho Ho, Bachelor of Law, University of Shandong, and Master of Arts, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, for dual master of law, economics and taste industry research.
I have not received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or for, the specific suggestions or observations made in the present report. For the 12 months following the report, the share or industry index is projected to be relative to the main index of the relevant securities market.
The relevant securities market representation index notes: a stock market is based on a depth of 300 indexes; a new three-board market is based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a permanent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
This report is made by Chinese securities and is intended only for customers with Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.