Shanxi wine (60809.sh) Quality collectors in 2022, accelerated high-end in 2023, food drinks and white wine ii
In 2022, a successful harvest of 10 billion dollars is expected. Shanxi Liquor is expected to grow by about 60%, faster than the previous three quarters, and the whole year is expected to break down by 10 billion. Looking ahead, in 2023, the company will continue to hold on to "Four Specialities, Four Persistences,"
The top/lowest price of 52 weeks, the south of the Yangtze market, and the national chemicalization of the wine. In 2022, at the epicentre of the epidemic.
In a context of high circulation, Shanxi Liquor, while maintaining the market in the province’s main base, has continued to grow and become an active market in the west and south of the Yangtze River. Of these, the company’s national controlled terminal peak of 1.12 million (more than 1 million in the previous year) in 2022, and the south of the Yangtze market has grown by more than 50%, fully highlighting Qing Qiang.
At the second half of the nationalization, as the impact of the epidemic is phased out, the company will continue to push upwards on the 20-square-based line, the 30-Red-up line on the Bottle-based line, the old-haired one, and so on.
The market or fear of a short-term decline in the Saffron series, the Bounty series of batch prices, and hence the company’s overall ability to operate as a whole, we believe that: 1) the concentration of pre-spring infections before spring is the main cause of short-term price declines.
With a strong recovery in demand, batch prices are expected to pick up from time to time. 2) Liquor has either entered deep nationalization.
Shanxi Liquor (600809.sh) - Nationalization of the Cinderella Series continues to be released, driving heat, and we firmly value the upward elasticity of company prices and performance. Shanxi Liquor (600809.sh) - Short-term performance is under pressure, positive for the future.
" Shanxi wine (60809.sh)-1 quarter performance growth of 70% and splendor performance strong " , investment proposal: Nationalization can release or drive sustained high performance growth, both determinative and developmental. Shanxi wine (60809.sh) - Xiaohua continues to lead high growth, bright start, all.
We should p44.2/34.0/27.2x. Given that a multi-provincial consumption climate has developed, and that the Saffron series has continued to grow in national evolution, we maintain a “buy-in” rating. Events: Shanxi Wine issued a 2022 performance forecast, which is expected to yield around $26 billion in 2022, compared to the previous year
About 30% increase; about $7.9 billion in net return to mothers is projected for 2022, an increase of around 49% in the same year; 10 billion are expected to fall in a series of Saffron harvests in 2022; and about $3.86.79 billion is expected to be collected/net profited in 202204, an increase of about 42/82% in the same year, mainly due to the cumulative effect of the previous year's base and spring festivals.
Right, faster than the previous three quarters, the Qinghua series is expected to yield 10 billion dollars a year. Looking ahead, in 2023, the company will continue with its “four focuss and four insistent” series, and will continue to do a lot of good flowers, leading the price and rejuvenation of the brand.
In 2022, in the context of the spread of the epidemic, Shanxi saloons, while maintaining the main market in the province, became an active market for the south of the Yangtze River. In 2022, the number of controlled terminals in the company's country was over 1.12 million.
More than 1 million families a year, the Yangtze has grown by more than 50 percent in the south market, fully highlighting the Qingixixian and Liquor-based lines, which are 30 sprung upwards, the Renaissance version, the Bottle-based lines, and so on, and so on, to reach the first side of the spectrum.
The market or fear of a fall in the short-term green flower series, the Bolshoi series, and hence the company’s overall ability to operate, we believe that: 1) the concentration of pre-spring infections before spring is the main reason for the short-term fall in prices.
Recovering, the price of the batch is expected to rise over time. 2) Wine is either in a deep nationalization phase, with growth in terms of quality, product structure, market construction, etc., or with corporate focus, and companies are expected to be fully authorized to activate the flexibility of the front-line marketing team in 2023.
Investment Recommendations: Nationalization can release or drive sustained high performance growth, which is a criterion of certainty and growth, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Companies achieved high performance in 2022 on schedule, followed by positive economic recovery, and sales-ring repairs. Adjusting previous profit projections, we expect companies to harvest in 2022-2024.
44.2/34.0/27.2x. Considering that a multi-provincial consumption climate has developed and that the Saffron series of nationalization drives continued high performance, we maintain a “buy-in” rating, and the authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author