Quarterly net profit return (601799.sh) grew by 28 per cent, profitability by about 5 per cent, resulting from the shutdown of the CYG in March.
q1 battalion picked up at a slower rate than in January-February, and the company’s performance was expected to improve steadily with the resumption of a steam system. The rate was incomparable (part of the cost of sales is included in the cost), and we disassembly it with a “morigin rate-sale cost ratio” with a maximum/minimum price of 52 weeks.
Interest rates remain above 12%, either behind or due to improvements in the company’s customer structure, as well as to the company’s efficiency gains, resulting in a decline in output due to a lack of core in the stock client population. The incremental model is concentrated in the solar system.
A 10-.9 per cent increase in the same volume, a 2.0 per cent increase in motor output, a 11.6 per cent increase in the rate of harvest for Camp 202201 at Starwoo, a 0.8 per cent increase in the car industry and a 9.6 per cent increase in the car industry. The core client population of 2022q1 suffered a year-on-year decline in output from a missing core core core, a 9.4 per cent increase in output from a single gas to a total of 11 per cent, a Ring to a single ton.
The same ratio - 2.8 per cent, the ring - 18 per cent, the red flag - 3.5 per cent, the ring - 46 per cent, the vastness and wideness - 24 per cent, the four-quarter improvement in the performance ring, the cost of the new project orders received from 1st to 15th March, approximately $4 billion, are now in the new power (Smallius)
The company will continue to promote adb, dlp, and a 25% increase in the share of the stock (601799.sh) in January-February, with short-term missing cores.
The number of high-value-added products is increased by the number of cars and lights, such as an atmosphere light.
A little co-operation on the field of forward-looking smartlights and smart-car optics. The tri-quarter review of Hin securities-Son shares - 601799-2021: Overtake of industry endb and project lamp industry trends are validated, companies actively embrace new technologies and front-ends.
Clients, industrial chains in a coordinated outreach circle, and overseas construction is steady. We maintain profit projections, robust, with companies achieving a growth rate of about 25 per cent in January-February, a net profit increase of about 5 per cent in January-February, a slowdown in q1 as a result of the shutdown of the Long Spring Group in March, and a return to work with one of them.
Regeneration, the company's performance is expected to improve steadily. Prior to the transfer of control over the goods or services to the customer, and the contractual performance costs such as storage costs, transportation costs, etc. incurred in the performance of the client's contract, they were reclassified from “sale costs” to “business costs”,
As a result of the change in accounting policy described above, the interest rate of 20222q1 is indistinguishable (part of the cost of sale is included in the cost), we disassembly the “Mauritium-cost of sales”, the profitability ring ratio is improved, the net interest rate is maintained at over 12% and the ring ratio is either behind or derived from the company's customer structure.
In terms of cost rates, taking into account the fact that 202104 company sales costs have been partially transferred to the end of the cost, sales rates are not comparable. Here we focus on the other three rates. 20201, corporate management/R & D/money.
The annual Māori rate is based on data adjusted for accounting policies (for illustrative data, for information purposes only) for unexcelled changes in accounting policies) 20201 corporate growth rate exceeds the rate of 1 pct in the car industry. 20201 domestic production by car increased by the same percentage.
The core effect was the same, with most clients affected by the epidemic falling by the 2201 production ring ratio of 2104. According to the Chinese Air Association production data, the output of a single gas was the same ratio of 9.4 per cent, the ring ratio + 11 per cent, the gas toyota ratio of 2.8 per cent, the ring flag of 18 per cent, a single red flag of +3.5 per cent, the ring ratio of 46 per cent, the vast and wide scale of 24 per cent, the ring ratio of 5 per cent, and Chirí of + 36 per cent.
A red flag, 2022q1, has grown by 9%, and is expected to be higher in 2022 as the system resumes production. A red flag is a core client of the long-term deep collaboration of the Star, most of the cars under the flag are long-standing with the Star, in 2018, the red flag brands have first broken 30,000 majors, in 2019, the main sales.
The suv-type red flag hs5 is on the market, with red flag brands breaking by 100,000 a year in 2019, and red flag brands reaching their target sales of 200,000 in 2020, with sales equal to +98 per cent, and red flag sales exceeding 300,000 in 2021, an increase of 53 per cent. In 2022, red flag brands selling 42,000 in January (same + 30 per cent) and spring days in February.
The sale of 22,000 vehicles (year-on-year +66%), 12,000 (year-on-50%) affected by the epidemic in March, and 76,000 (year-on-year-on-year +9%) of the entire 202,001 red flag, maintained growth. In August 2020, the new red flag type h9 was listed as the first-size vehicle for the Starwood light.
In 2021, the accumulation of a 50 per cent increase in sales of the red flag directly contributed to the company's performance, and the red flag is expected to be the top five clients in 2022, continuing to contribute strongly to sales.
At the end of the industry, the current trend in technology of carlights is towards electronicization and intellectualization. For front lights, with the spread of pre-red lights, the front lights are developed to adb, hd-adb and dlp, thus achieving acillary driving, information exchange, human vehicle interaction, and so on. For back-combined lamps, the back-to-back lights are combined into a cross-section.
There is a clear trend in the development of the light, with the combination of cross-cutting lamps increasing the size of the car’s tail light, making the whole car more beautiful and secure. On the small light side, the internal atmosphere has risen in response to the needs of the consumer, making it a new point of growth.
Figure 11: Vehicle rear taillight technology upgrade route Figure 12: Automotive climate light technology upgrade route Company end, company enhancement of new technology development applications and synergizing through industrial chains (Ion Soft Horizon, Hwa)
On the one hand, in recent years, the company has intensified the development and application of new technology for carlights and introduced new products for light controllers. In recent years, the company’s research and development of light-related products can be summarized as: 1) digital lighting: the company has developed standardized modules from single pixels, level 10 pixels, level 100 pixels, level 10,000 pixels, and level 1 million pixels, with two available.
In the millions of individually controlled and photo-Effort lighting units, more symbols and projective features can be customised in the future. 2) Internal rgb radiance lamps: rgb light source technologies are added to the traditional white-red-ed atmosphere lighting that can generate different light signals through control software. 3) Innovative taillights: based on softness.
(d) Lighting technology, surface lighting technology, laser sculpting technology, and development of innovative taillights 4) Carlight controllers: domain controllers can take power from body batteries, provide power management and hibernation awakening functions; they have 20 circuits of high-side power output, complete power supply to different loads; controllers receive body can reports, enter
Line can/lin converts to lin communications with load lamps, completes the delivery of the point light instructions; controls the light setup and gives it to the body through can feedback malfunctions; controls have bootloader functions that enable lines to complete software upgrades to the controller and the controller load to achieve different effects and are a collection of power.
Source management, power supply, can/lin communications, and a new generation of smart controllers with trouble management as one. In 2021, the company enhanced new technology development applications, including: 1) an intelligent front-light module based on dmd; 2) an intelligent front-light module based on microlled; 3) a hmi sign recognition room light, a matrix room lamp; 4)
Figure 15: Front lamp controller, Figure 16: Back lamp controller, etc.
On the other hand, on October 15, 2021, a strategic cooperation agreement was formally signed in Hangzhou between Changzhou Starlight and Ion SoftTech Ltd., which will be based on the design of rainbow soft technology for smart visual systems, the use of optical sensors, the integration of system software and the ability to develop innovations in whole-shelter visual algorithms and applications.
In addition, the horizons had previously announced the completion of the c3 rounds of $350 million.
On February 16, 2022, Changzhou Starlight Inc. held a signing ceremony in Dong Ying, China, with China Tech Ltd., to sign a letter of intent to cooperate in light-lighted smart-car operations. According to the agreement, both sides will issue a letter of intent.
The two sides work together to build a strong strategic partnership for sustainable development, from design to manufacturing delivery end-to-end capabilities, leading the development of the smart car light industry, and creating a continuous lead intelligence in industry.
We believe that dlp projector lamps and adb lights are entering the market as a matter of course. This is both an opportunity and a challenge for the traditional lights industry, where the industrial chain is particularly important in the context of new technological changes in the light industry.
Enterprises such as chips, software algorithms, based on their traditional structural, optical and electronic designs, are expected to continue to take the lead in the development of forward-looking products, widening the gap between the brands of other autonomous cars in the country.
In April 2022, the first Iso standard project in the domestic automobile lighting industry, initiated by the share in Starwoo, was officially approved. 3 September 2020, initiated by the share in Starwoo and led by Dr. Oh Xiaolan, the share in Star Woo, waso standard project entitled “Road vehicles - fogproof coating of external lighting devices - technical conditions”
The standard project is the first Iso standard project in the country's car lighting industry. The performance and effects of the fog-proof coating directly affect the performance, useful life and performance of the vehicle's external lamps.
Environmental safety. The standard project will fill the gaps in international standards and improve the performance and effectiveness of the fogproof coatings of external lamps for cars, thereby safeguarding the safety of drivers and pedestrians. In April 2022, the Network of Officials of the International Organization for Standardization (Iso) was informed that the Iso/ts5385:2022roadvehicles - a Chinese-led draft
Anti-fogcoatingforexteriorlightingdevices—specification " Road vehicle -- fogproof coatings for external lighting devices -- technical conditions " , approved for full approval and official release. Figure 20: The first Iso standard project in the domestic automobile lighting industry, initiated by Starwoo shares, was officially approved
Short-term dimensions, a quarter of firm performance, we believe, are related to the recovery of emissions from customers such as the BVI, the BMW, the CYR, and new projects from the Japanese and autonomous brands, which are expected to improve on a quarterly basis after chip and contagion have subsided. The medium- and long-term dimensions, new orders from the S.A. shares plus new products plus new products.
You can protect your performance. Client dimensions, and the current Toyota and Japan cooperation (the Toyota Global Regional Award, the Hiroshima Toyota Award for Quality Excellence, the Honda Award for Quality Excellence in 2021), have entered the system of suppliers of new powers (America, Peng, Ideas) and head-owned brand customers, and have acquired them.
Projects; production capacity, steady progress in overseas Serbian plant construction, with European mainframe plant projects moving into bulk production from 2022; product dimensions, continuous penetration of adb (from less than 2 per cent in 2019 to 6 per cent in 2020), with new technologies, such as dlp projector lamps and adb vehicle lamps, coming into the market on an ongoing basis, and suspense
Companies such as upstream chips, software algorithms, based on such advantages as their own traditional architecture, optical and electronic design, are expected to continue to take the lead in forward-looking product development and development, widening the gap with the branding of other autonomous domestic car lamps, as well as outside companies will continue to move forward with such headlight projects as adb headlamps, dlp headlights and atmosphere lights, and other car intelligences.
In 2022-2023, the company is expected to achieve a resonance in the performance of vehicle-type orders plus the release of overseas plant plusadb products. On long lanes, the lights drive towards high end (Japanese, High-end German) and globalisation (Serbian plant)
We maintain a profit forecast, with a profit forecast expected for 22/23/24 for comparable companies: we select Burtley, who has the same logic of import substitution, and the core of the chain of lights industry.
Boda, the sound-disrupting conglomerate, Inc. conducts comparable corporate valuations (comparable to the market value of the company or close to the business field), with four comparable companies having an average of 24 times the average of pe in 2023. Maintains the one-year target estimate for Starwoo. Authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, with reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author