Set up to accelerate shale gas development, China's petrochemicals, China's petrochemicals (600028) 2018 financial statements.
On 25 March 2019, the company issued its annual report 2018. During the reporting period, the company achieved a gross operating income of $2891.18 billion, an increase of 22.5 per cent over the same period in the previous year; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies were $6.308 billion, an increase of 23.4 per cent over the previous year; net profits attributable to parent shareholders after deducting non-recurring gains and losses amounted to $59.630 billion, an increase of 30.8 per cent over the previous year.
The impact of the confluence event, with a single quarter profit of only $3,309 million, was a drag on the year’s performance. Net profit grew by more than 20%, with a satisfactory response. The spot price of the brent crude oil averaged $7,103 in 2018.
Drums, a 31.1 per cent increase over the same period, affected by higher international crude oil prices, increased cost controls at the same time in upstream exploration operations, with a corresponding reduction of $35.8 billion; stock and finished oils, which were subject to a four-quarter drop in crude oil prices, remained stable owing to time lags in their pricing.
The combined petrochemical losses are limited, and the hedge strategy is still confident. In 2018, the joint petrochemicals lost about RMB 4.65 billion because of the misalignment of part of the hedging business; and the combined petrochemical trade hedging strategy saved the company over the same period.
Crude oil costs $6.4 billion, joint petrochemical profits in the first three quarters and losses in the fourth quarter. However, the joint petrochemical event was not a loss of enormous “black swan” events, and the associated trade-off effects were fully released, without prejudice to the company's 2019 hedging of crude oil, the projected expenditure on exploration plates of $59.6 billion, the focus being on oil and gas field development and pipeline construction, refining oil and chemical panels.
The projected expenditure of $27.9 billion and $23.3 billion is for the promotion of refining projects, and the projected expenditure of $21.8 billion on marketing plates, focusing on the construction of finished oil reservoirs and non-oil projects; the continued investment of capital by companies is conducive to the consolidation of their shale gas exploration, the imminent marketing of natural gas, and the construction of a national pipeline network.
The implementation of the National Economic and Social Development Plan and the report on the draft National Economic and Social Development Plan for 2019 suggest that a national pipeline company will be formed to promote the independence of the main oil and gas pipelines and separate pipelines and sales.
The natural gas project breaks the monopoly, activates the market, is more conducive to China’s petrochemical Union shale fields and lng receiving stations, increases market ownership and competitive advantages, while the oil and gas pipelines can be removed in a way that is effectively synchronized with upstream exploration reforms.
In the context of the oil price hub, the company’s business performance has grown considerably over the past 18 years. The fourth quarter has been limited, although it has suffered from falling oil prices and the events of convergence. Companies have maintained a very high rate of dividends, with the advantage of high-quality hydrocarbon resources and gas stations, with long-term investment value.
The company’s long-term investment value was covered for the first time, with a “strongly recommended” rating. Crude oil prices fell sharply, and downstream demand fell short of expectations.
Liu Woo-joo, Master of Finance, University of Management, Singapore; B.A., Finance Engineering + Law, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, cfa.
Master of Chemical Engineering, Industrial Catalytic and Response Engineering, University of Qinghua, Zhang Minghua, 3 years of experience in chemical industries, research in the chemical industry since 2015, research assistant profile
Law 4-D Bachelor of Chemical Engineering, University of Cinghua, Doctor of Chemical Engineering, cfa holder, three years of experience in chemical engineering. Many international leading academic journals, with 5 national and international patents, and more than 10 papers from leading international academic journals, have been cited almost 1,000 times.
B.A. in Chemical Engineering, Beijing Polytechnic University, LL.M. in Chemical Engineering, Talsa University, United States of America, four years of experience in chemical engineering overseas, joined Dong-hing, Xu Kullen, May 2018. Benko and M.A. were both in the Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, formerly at the China Petroleum Chemical Research Institute, three years of experience in chemical technology development and management.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.