Peace Bank (00001): First quarter of 2020: strong negative growth of 14.8 per cent and overall stabilization of asset quality Events: Peace Bank operating revenue of $37.926 billion in the first quarter of 2020, 16.8 per cent more than the previous year, attributed to the company ' s net shareholder gains
Rendering of $8,548 million, or 14.8 per cent over the same period, corresponding to 0.4 per cent per unit per unit; end-of-period total assets of $4.13 trillion, compared with early growth  Profit forecasting and investment rating: PS bank growth during the first quarter of the quarter, roll-out of which remained stable, credit lending focused on public and asset-quality stabilization in general, follow-up recommendations focused on progressive improvements in the quality of retail assets, while continuing to emphasize
Group financial consolidation drives the development logic of the recovery of public operations. We expect the Bank to be safe with a net profit increase of between 2020 and 2021 – 14.8% of the negative growth in profits in the first quarter – due to expansion in asset size and stability of the roa, 4.9% of total assets compared to the beginning of the period (with an increase in loans of between 5.2% and 2.4 trillion US dollars), and 1 bp to 0.85% below the same year.
2019q4 received a narrow 2bp, but the decrease was also significantly better than in the market environment; (2) net non-interest income increased by 12.4 per cent on a year-on-year basis compared to the reverse; the epidemic; net revenue from fees under the shock continued to grow slightly, significantly more than expected, while debt market conditions contributed to higher investment returns; and (3) cost revenues decreased by 1.68 pct to 27.94 per cent compared to the same year, newly lower since the company ' s retail transformation in the last two years, resulting from efficiency gains.
We see the wind, both due to the impact of the epidemic and based on the company's proactive control of retail credit risk.
The relatively high risk credit card, the new loan balance, fell by 4.55 per cent and 2.3 per cent, respectively, compared to the initial pressure, while the low risk mortgage loan ring increased the range of major sales investments. Public lending continued the “strong recovery” trend that we had repeatedly highlighted in previous periods, with a 9.12 per cent increase in the general business loan ring, equivalent to 88 per cent of the non-instrument-based general loans for the current quarter being invested in counter-opportunity, while short-term financing was provided.
A quarterly net interest margin of only 2bp remains at a high of 2.6%, mainly as a result of a four-quarter loan roll-out to lower the cost of a partner ' s liability, but the cost of the deposit remains relatively rigid. A quarterly interest-bearing asset return ring of only 1 down from the four-quarters, Peace Bank (00001): Perspective
The Peace Group Annual Report, Gold Bank Resource Tickets, 19bp up, but the 1-year period of the market was reduced by 10bp, mainly because of the company ' s fast-disbursing of public loans in the middle of the fourth quarter, while interest earnings were fully reflected in the first quarter. We judge that the rate of return on the subsequent company ' s loans will follow.
The market environment is more compatible, but considering the high retail share, it is expected that the impact of the downside of the lpr will be significantly better than that of the peer. From the debt perspective, the marginal cost rate is slightly lower by 1 quarter, ibp to 2.54%, of which the cost of the deposit is still up by 2 bp to 2.42%, while bonds/year-on-year reviews: public recovery, debt restructuring
The downside 11/12bp, respectively, reduces the total cost of the liability. We judge that with the overall easing of the cost of the industry’s savings, and the company’s gradual deposit of public liquidity, the net difference will remain significantly better than the industry and remain high.
▪ The quality of the assets of greatest interest in the market is generally stable, with retail lending at 33 bp, but business lending at 48 bp, ready to show a positive impact on the recovery of public operations. The short-term impact of the epidemic on the incomes of residents is expected to be manageable for retail banks in the head. The negative corporate ratio is at 1.65%.
However, the epidemic did have an impact on the quality of retail credit assets, with a combination of 29/33/66bp to 1.63 per cent/1.07 per 2.32 per cent of the negative rate of new loans/car finance/credit cards, and an increase in the indicator also partly offset by the impact of new loans and credit card balances.
We judge that the pressure on the quality of retail assets in head retail banks will be eased as residents’ incomes grow and banks become more prudent about retail credit, such as credit cards. Non-performing lending rates continue to rise; and 3) public business is not growing as expected.
East Wu Xinjun, Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio investment advisory committee