The Bank's performance in the first quarter is better than we expected, and the pace of performance is expected to be among the highest compared to that of its counterparts, with costs associated with the pace of asset expansion, bond-related investment returns and financial science and technology performance.
Savings are the main positive contributing factor. The company increased its poor disposal in 2019, reduced its stock of assets, reduced its burden of quality, and achieved a smooth overall asset quality performance during the first quarter, but increased risk offset capacity, given the impact of the epidemic on asset quality, higher than expected profitability.
The growth in profits was higher than expected, the income from the main business slowed down slightly, the net profit from the Bank of Peace increased by 14.8 per cent in the first quarter of the year, further up from 2019 (13.6 per cent), and we expect the company to grow in the first quarter by a comparable preponderance.
As a result of the slowdown, the average rate of growth (16.8 per cent) in the company ' s first quarter was lower than the rate of 1.4 per cent in 2019 (18.2 per cent) and the downward trend in the asset-end rate of return is expected to continue.
The impact of monetary market easing, among other things, is that the rate of return on interest-bearing assets was lower in the first quarter than in the fourth quarter of 2019, with a decrease (3bp) greater than the cost of the interest-bearing liability (1bp), resulting in a decrease in the net interest-rate spread ring by 2bp over the fourth quarter of 2019.
Looking ahead to 2020, we believe that the downward trend in corporate asset end rates of return will continue against a background of a broad liquidity environment and continuing downward pressure, and that the spread is expected to shrink further. 1 quarter negative performance is stable, and the provision coverage will increase further.
China Peace Insurance Group, Inc. - Group level - loan deviations of 92 per cent and 78 per cent have been recorded since the end of 2019, a decrease of 4 percentage points. We measure the annual negative rate of production of 1.2 per cent plus write-offs in the first quarter of the company, a slowdown of 20bp over the same period in 2019.
We believe that because of the quality of the company's real assets in 2019, we've accelerated the liquidation of bad assets, reduced the stock of assets.
The downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected.
The Bank of Peace published the first quarterly report for 2020, with a net profit of 4.13 trillion yuan in total assets (+17.1 per cent, yoy/+4.91 per cent, qoq), of which loans + 18.7 per cent yoy/+4.92 per cent qq; deposits +12.2 per cent yoy/5.30 per cent qq. Operating income of the same year was +16.8 per cent, resulting in a net interest difference of 2.60 per cent (+7bp, higher than expected rate of profit and a slight slowdown in income from main battalion operations).
The first quarter net profit of the Bank of Peace increased by 14.8 per cent over the year, a further increase from 2019 (13.6 per cent) to our expectations (12.8 per cent), and my rate of increase in profits (19.4 per cent) before the quarterly provision was roughly similar to that of 2019 (19.5 per cent). The company’s first quarter cost revenue was 27.9 per cent, compared with 1.68 percentage points, mainly due to the demonstrated effectiveness of financial science and technology, improved productivity and slower spending during the epidemic.
The net interest income for the first quarter increased by 19.2 per cent on a year-on-year basis, compared with 1.2 percentage points down in 2019; the fee income increased on a year-on-year basis by a significant downswing to 1.34 per cent from 2019 (17.4 per cent) and is expected to be largely hampered by the income from the bank card operation, and we believe that the downward trend in asset end-of-end returns will continue with the narrow interest spread of the first quarter of the epidemic.
The first-quarter net interest differential increased by 7 bp to 2.60 per cent over the same period in 2019, but was influenced by factors such as lpr reforms and monetary market easing, with interest-bearing asset returns down from the fourth quarter of 2019, with a decrease (3bp) greater than the cost of the interest-bearing liability (1bp), resulting in a reduction of the one-quarter net interest spread ring by 2 bp from the fourth quarter of 2019.
The recovery reflects the effectiveness of the company's strategy for public “3+2+1” operations, the company's reliance on group platform resources for high-quality clients, and its ability to enhance customer stickyness in integrated financial services; the potential for an outbreak to disrupt the recovery of retail returns, which is expected to result in an overall increase in retail returns as a result of a decline in the size of non-interest-bearing credit card loans in the first quarter.
This rate improves, and the cost of hedge deposits rises. Looking ahead to 2020, we believe that the downward trend in corporate asset end-to-end returns will continue in the context of a broad liquidity environment and downward pressure on the economy, and that interest differentials are expected to shrink further.
The growth rate of the company ' s size has increased by 17.1% (vs15.2%, 2019) in the first quarter of the year. Structurally, the loan is considered to be mainly due to the company ' s upgrading of its customer access threshold, screening of its high-quality customers, and it is expected that the company ' s risk preferences will continue to shrink, the mortgage and mortgage lending will be scaled up.
The negative rate for the first quarter of the year was stable, with a further increase in the coverage of the provision. The non-performing loan rate for the first quarter of the company was 1.65 per cent, which was the same as at the end of 2019; interest-type loans decreased by 0.08 percentage points compared to late 2019; the non-performing rate of sales loans increased by 0.33 percentage points to 1.52 per cent.
Short-term declines have been recorded, with credit cards, steam and loan failures rising by 0.66, 0.33 and 0.29 percentage points, respectively, followed by better performance by the Bank of Peace in the first quarter than we expected, with higher performance expected to be among the highest comparable counterparts, with higher asset expansion rates, bond-related investment returns and cost savings emerging from financial science and technology performance as the main positive contributing factors.
We maintain the company’s 2020/21 eps forecast of $1.66/1.90, which corresponds to the economy’s downward trend leading to a deterioration in asset quality. Banks, as a pro-cyclical industry, have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
Observing economic development affects the operation of the real economy and profitability, thereby affecting the quality performance of the banking sector’s assets. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk that the quality of the bank’s assets will deteriorate, thus affecting the bank’s profitability.