Peace Bank: A quarterly report is bright and keeps up the pace of growth. Events: A quarterly report by Peace Bank, 37.926 billion yuan in operating income in 2019, a slight drop in interest differentials, and scale expansion has contributed to a higher rate of growth in net interest earnings.
The downside environment has become a trend in the industry, with the Bank of Peace netting a quarter.
Quarterly total assets grew by 17 per cent over the same period, with loan and advance balances increasing by 19 per cent over the same period, with a higher rate of increase in size, resulting in safe banks still maintaining high net interest earnings in a lower interest-rate-rate environment, a stronger retail advantage, and short-term fluctuations in the fiscal growth rate of consumers affected by the epidemic.
Total market value/flow (millions) Quarterly base retail and private sector customers aum remained at a faster rate of growth with retail deposit structures continuously up to 12 months/minimum in yuan
Optimized, with multiple indicators of negative growth. The impact of the epidemic, with short-term fluctuations in the growth of consumer finance, credit card lending and new loan balances decreased by 4.5 per cent and 2.3 per cent, respectively, compared to the end of the previous year.
There will also be a good pace of growth in the operations of the Peace Bank Annual Report.
Increased investment in key industries and clients ' assets for public use.
Thanks to the technological advantages of the Group, digitalization has been one of the strengths of the Bank of Peace. The efficiency of the Bank of Peace, which benefits from the efficiency of the Fund, has increased by 27.94 per cent in the first quarter of the year, down 1.68 percentage points in the same year.
During this special period of the fight against the epidemic, the Bank provided clients with financing services through scientific and technical products such as the “ai customer service”, the “Pocket App” and the “Online Financing Services Platform”, with a strong capacity to operate online making it possible to reverse the growth of the Bank's targets.
The quality of assets is stable, and negative deviations continue to decline. The percentage point of bad bank lending at the end of the quarter is safe. In recent years, poor bank certification has been tightened and poor deviations have continued to decline.
The Bank of Peace: A seasonly report is bright, maintaining a faster rate of growth of $42,939 million. The Bank of Peace retail transition is deepening, it's working hard for public and private businesses, and it keeps up with faster performance.
Quickening, maintaining the “buy-in” rating.
Peace Bank: The quarterly reports are bright, they keep up faster, they keep up faster, they're good, they keep up faster, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good.
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.