Without fear of the effects of the epidemic, let's say -- let's take a look at the quarterly report of the Bank of Peace, the company's net profit from 2020q1 increased by 14.80 per cent (1,61 per cent in 2019) and the income increased by 16.78 per cent on the same date.
18.20 per cent in 2019, and 19.40 per cent (19.51 per cent in 2019) in total profits before the provision.
Although the q1 net difference was affected by the downside of market interest rates, which fell slightly from the previous quarter, the company continued to grow at the same rate by increasing the asset growth rate by a few measures of surcharge. The asset expansion price increase was the biggest bright spot in the quarter. The 2020 q1 income asset increased by 14.90%, the ring increased by 6.72%, and the q1 ring increased by 6.72%.
This is due mainly to the decline in interest-bearing asset returns of 3bp due to the downside of the asset end of the bond interest rate and the inter-operator interest rate, which compares with the upward trend of 300 per cent.The new average daily asset is invested mainly in loans and the loan interest rate does not rise by 6bp, making it the middle of the interest-producing asset liability.
By issuing a large number of inter-operative statements, the window period below the interest rate for inter-operability liabilities was captured, and the cost of interest-bearing liabilities was reduced by 1 bp. After that, even if Ipr continued to make downward adjustments, the ratio of higher inter-operability liabilities and faster asset increases gave the company sufficient margin to swing back, so that there was no need to worry too much about the downside of the net difference.
The increase in the interest rate of loans against the market is mainly due to higher pricing of public loans. q4 of the previous year was heavily invested in public loans this year.
q1. And this year, the credit spreads in the q1 sector have been reduced and raised, particularly for banks in medium-sized enterprises like Peace. The interest rates on public loans have increased by 19bp over the last quarter. 68% of the new average daily loans have been directed to general public loans.
Client credit balances in key sectors, such as human services, reached 47.4 per cent, and proportionally increased by 0.5 pct; and strategic group lending, with a smaller impact on size and pricing, did not create a drag on interest differentials.
The ratio of loans over 90 days is 8bp, 7bp, 7bp. q1 annualized non-performing loan generation and loan cost are 70bp and 224bp, respectively. The provision coverage is 200%, and the ring is 17 pct more.
Steadyness is largely due to a reduction in the ratio of public non-performing loans and an increase in the rate of retail underperformance, offset by an increase in the ratio of disposals on the one hand, a clear-cut fight against public fists, and an increase in the amount of non-performing loans on the other hand, and an acceleration in the release of new loans, which is a significant decline in the ratio of public non-performing loans by 48bp to 1.81%.
2. Saviour Bank (00001): Building on the quality of the assets, the change rate has increased by 33 bp to 1.52%. The failure rate for retail products has increased, with the exception of retail loans, which have increased by 10 bp, 29 bp, and credit card default rates for mortgage loans, new loans (consumable loans), car loans, respectively.
Cost of good deposits 33bp, 66bp. The increase in retail bad rates in the first quarter is due to the difficulty of collecting funds, in addition to the impact of the epidemic on the cash flow of the population.
By the end of March, it had reached or even exceeded pre-epidemiological levels, with the additions in March being below February, but still slightly above pre-epidemiological levels. The company initiated an emergency response.
Down. The asset structure is being rapidly adjusted. The impact of the epidemic is manageable and the quality of the asset is stable.
How much less is it possible to hedge against the public bad rate? The lowest public bad rate in the stock-stock business is currently the civil bank, which has 1.36%, and the lowest public bad in the history of the safe bank, which is 0.63%. The static estimate assumes a public bad rate of 1.81%, so that the impact of retail asset quality fluctuations on the real bad rate should be even smaller as long as the epidemic continues to develop incrementally.
The Division has also proposed a gradual increase in the ratio of credit to high-quality white-collar clients, an improvement in the retail credit sector’s business structure, and a modest tightening of access policies. Because marketization is the greatest advantage of companies, the adjustment of asset inflows is easier to move forward and can absorb the impact of credit risk to a certain extent.
Retail aum continued to grow at a relatively rapid pace, and the fund sales increased significantly \triangleright’s long-term logic looks at the change in retail aum. q1 retail aum grew by 28.48% year-on-year, at a faster rate than at the end of the previous season.
39.94 per cent has declined, but mainly because of the higher base of the previous year. The retail aum ring ratio grew by 7.78 per cent, the ring grew by a sharp increase in fund sales, reaching $115,271 million, or 53.3 per cent, in the sales of the q1 proxy fund. Companies use their strength to explain how a market-based logic bank would cope with the new crown epidemic.
It reduces the impact of lower market interest rates. At the same time, captures the downside of the cost of corporate debt, increases the absorption of corporate liabilities, and sustains the high rate of revenue growth. Given the slow pace of impact of the epidemic on asset quality, companies have ample time and space to adjust their asset structure faster and shift from retail to public service, bringing down the negative rate in the last quarter.
We maintain the previous projections, 2020-2022 asset quality disturbances and a decrease in net differentials.
The analysis logic is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeking to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.