Foreign demand continues to rise, and investment in research and development is being stepped up in frontline areas. \triangleright \triangleright
Throughout 2021, the company achieved operating income of 2,908 million yuan, an increase of 45.57 per cent in the same year, a net return to the mother of 662 million yuan, an increase of 34.60 per cent in the same year, and a net profit of 598 million yuan, an increase of 30.29 per cent in the same year. In the first quarter of 2022, it achieved operating income of 739 million yuan, an increase of 18.29 per cent in the same year.
Mother ' s net profit now stands at $132 million, an increase of 17.81 per cent over the same year. Driven by the high market performance of several light modules, the company performed well for 21 years: in terms of revenue collection, the company \triangleright
The main driving force, and the domestic effect of the relative weakness of the telecommunications market, has led to a slowdown in demand growth. For the year 2022, it is expected that the cloud, represented by Meta, will be able to generate further growth in basic spending, and therefore the demand for the luminous modules is expected to remain high. On the profit side, the net return to the mother in 2021 was $662 million.
The increase of 34.6 per cent in the dollar, compared with the increase of 34.6 per cent in the same year, is, in our view, less than the increase in income, mainly due to a decline in the Maori rate (from 36.86 per cent to 32.17 per cent), which is slightly lower than the high-end telecommunications light module product, as the demand of large overseas clients for optical modules rises considerably.
As the composition of the harvest stabilizes, we expect the Māori rate to remain stable in the future. The increase in \triangleright’s losses has also led to an increase in financial costs of about $7.25 million over the same period last year.
In the long term, the dynamic layout opens up future growth space in a number of new and emerging areas: 800g, corporate output 1. New Essex (300502.sz) company review report: launch matrix rich, 800g products based on eml and silicon light programmes, in March 2022.
400gzr/zr+ trunklight module to expand the dry layout, at the meeting, the company released the 800g light module for the new generation of industry leaders based on lithium diaphragm silicate 2. New euphemism (300502.sz) company review report: performance
The speed of growth is clear, the industry has accelerated into the upper cycle, and the modem technology has guided the future direction of the industry. On the related side, the associated technology continues to sink, and the associated light module is about to start a high-speed development.
In the field of silicon light, the company has successfully launched the 400g light module based on silicon light, and acquired the arpine of offshore equity companies.
We believe that companies are now moving from a position where cost-control capabilities are prominent to a transition to technological leadership, and that the future is expected to take full advantage of the development opportunities offered by technological change in the industry. Industry will benefit fully from the demand spread of the digital and telecommunications markets.
The accelerated layout of silicon light, for example, is expected to open up further future growth space. Maintain a “recommended” rating. \triangleright methodological and analytical logic leads to findings, produces the present report independently and objectively, and is responsible for its content and perspective.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.