Integrated Core Competitiveness Breaking Up, Global Market Dominance (300502) Recommended (first time)
739 million yuan, an increase of 18.29 per cent in the same year; 132 million yuan net profit on the return of mothers, an increase of 45.57 per cent in the same year; and 662 million yuan net profit on the return of mothers, an increase of 34.60 per cent in the same year.
The growth in performance is mainly due to the company ' s high-speed light module, silicon light module, and related developments in research and development projects related to the high-speed light module.
Over the same period the previous year has seen significant growth. With the rapid growth of the idc market and the development of the 5g network, companies will further consolidate their competitive advantages and are expected to become one of the core suppliers of the global PV chain, leading to a period of steady growth in their performance.
The research and development of the light module has made a breakthrough in improving core competitiveness, and the global market has seen an increase in the share of the market. 2021 The company’s sales revenue in the data centre area has been growing at a very high rate throughout the year.
The company point-to-point light module output increased by 490,000, output increased by 1.02 million, sales increased by 1.29 million, and the Māori rate decreased by 4.97 per cent. Poon light module operations achieved approximately $4,309.41 million, with income rising by 25.61 per cent.
In recent years, overseas markets have been growing at a very high rate. Companies have been pushing for a globalized layout, deeply involved in the market competition for silicon light modules, associated light modules, and silicon optical chip technology, further enhancing the company’s competitiveness in the light module industry. Companies have continued to increase their R & D investment, and research and development costs throughout the year.
Amounted to 108 million yuan, an increase of 27.43 per cent, or 3.73 per cent, in the year as a whole. With respect to the development of silicon light technology, companies are expected to take advantage of the high-end customer market by creating a unique silicon light product system to help achieve silicon photo integration; the high-speed light module is designed for typical applications and is widely applied.
The relative depth of 300 is in the construction of data centres and the telecommunications market; long-range transmission high-speed light module development meets remote transmission and digital network development needs to facilitate smooth network bandwidth for major network operators
Levels; low-capacity high-speed light module development continues to reduce the demand for energy consumption in communication systems, contributing to green growth in the dynamic digital economy. As the number and density of the idc network ports rises, the connection ratio of keyware light module costs rises, and corporate breakthroughs in research and development are expected to increase in the country.
New infrastructure is steadily driving up the telecommunications landscape, and industry concentration has led to steady growth in performance. Global market demand for high-speed light module products has increased significantly, with 2021e - 2026e projected
The market cagr will grow in double digits, and the market climate will rise. During the 14-50 period, the national system has developed new communications, data centre infrastructure, and has become an important driving force for the upgrading of the country’s economy. The communications infrastructure is advancing steadily, and companies are expected to come up with a new round of market opportunities.
Year after year, companies now produce more than 3,000 products, sold to more than 60 countries around the world and the monthly Galaxy News: the communications industry’s economic operations in general, with over 300 clients, have a higher branding advantage and visibility among its clients.
With steady upwards, new business growth or higher expectations, the expected concentration of beneficiary industries has led to higher performance, and according to the 2021 performance report, I have a weekly report for the Galaxy industry: the communications industry reported for the 21st year.
Net profits have continued to grow, with sustained marginal improvements in business performance of 2201 The depth of the [Galactic communication] industry: the business landscape has gone up, with the risk of integration associated with the 5g out-sprawl; increased competition in the market and less than expected expansion of the market for new products.
Eight years of experience in the mobile communication industry in China, five years of experience in the securities industry, and five years of experience in the communications industry in Thailand, where he was employed, he was given a hard-working career in 2018/2019 (institutional investor ii-fiscal) and presented the present report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects his research views. Any part of his remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.