China Dynasty (601088): Integrated operations model to enable enterprises to function efficiently
The company is the world’s leading coal-based integrated resource reserve, and the coal-fired transport is working together. The company is the world’s leading coal-based energy company, with the largest quality coal in China.
The main business is the production and sale of coal, electricity, the integrated energy company, the country's largest coal production and marketing company, the world's second largest coal on railways, ports and ships, coal-based hydrocarbons, etc.
City companies, with the largest amount of high-quality coal reserves in China.
2019-08-24 is expected to reveal mid-2019 as the year of integrated chemical development leading to production and distribution, with industry sectors working together in depth, effective synergies, and leading the cost-control industry. Companies continue to lower their own coal costs and integrate in coal-fired transport.
Under the business model of the whole industry chain, strong resource organization and transport management capabilities, coupled with companies’ internationally advanced coal mining and safe production techniques, give them a low-cost competitive advantage. In addition, public stock/flowa shares (million shares)
There are six open-air coal mines, with a strong mining cost advantage. In 2018, the company’s cost of coal production was 113.40 ton, the second highest in the industry, and the cost of coal production by other companies was approximately two to four times that of others.
The historical price of power coal fluctuates cyclically, while China’s share of the net return profit is always at a low level: from the point of view of the plate, the company’s performance is higher at high coal prices, the company’s performance at low coal prices is far higher than that of the coal industry, and China’s performance at the macro level is much higher than that of the coal industry.
The response to economic change was insensitive, and performance remained stable, largely because of the company’s business model of coal-fired power pools and its high percentage of long-term contracts. The complex environment, the downside pressure on the economy, and the pressure on the economy’s structural adjustment, could be companies.
The development strategy has had a great impact. East’s financial and intellectual boom, China’s God (601088): integrated business models drive businesses to function efficiently.
The company is the world's leading coal-based integrated energy company, operating the coal, power generation, transport and coal-chemical branches in 2018.
The share of benefits (before the merger) was 55%, 17%, 27% and 1%, the country’s largest coal producing and marketing enterprise, the second largest coal company in the world, and the largest high-quality coal reserves in China. The company owned the six main mining areas of the Toyota, Bi-Gal, Victory, Packard, Pozhil, New Street, and, as of 31 December 2018, China’s standard coal holdings.
30,300 million tons, an increase of 27.8 per cent from the end of 2017, mainly due to the addition of 8 million tons/year of capacity to the North Victory Open Space Mine through the purchase of an output replacement target. The New Street Mining Area, the Pagoda North Survey Area, completed a stock review of mineral resources in July 2018, resulting in a new detailed inspection of prospecting rights (the right to prospecting in the South is actively being claimed).
The bottom decline is 1.6%: the group’s coal reserves are 8,260 million tons, 3.4% lower than at the end of 2017, and the company’s coal is an absolute leader among the listed companies, both in terms of quality and in terms of resource reserves.
East Hing Securities Insight Report China (601088): Integrated operating model leads to efficient operations of enterprises 1.2 all-industry chain efficient layout
The company has a significant and efficient coal and power-generation operation, a large integrated transport network of railways, ports and ships, based on coal production, active downstream power, transport, coal-chemical integrated development, and production and distribution operations, creating a core competitive advantage for in-depth cooperation and effective synergy among the production sectors.
The company completed 28,532 million kilowatt hours in 2018, an increase of 8.5 per cent in the same year; the total volume of 26,759 million kilowatt hours sold was 8.7 per cent in the same period, representing 3.9 per cent of the total social consumption of 68,449,1 million kilowatt hours. At the end of the 2018 reporting period, three subsidiaries, including Kojiang, added new units.
Delivery, with an additional capacity of 4020 MW, the total installed capacity of the company for electricity generation amounted to 61,849 MW, an increase of 6.9 per cent over the end of the previous year, of which the total installed capacity of the coal-fired generators was 59,994 MW, representing 5.9 per cent of the total installed capacity of the coal-fired generators throughout the society. In addition, the electricity division of the company spent 1,01.1 million tons of Chinese coal, or 82.5 per cent of the total, throughout 2018.
Railways, ports, and ships form an integrated transport network. With regard to railways, companies control and operate the ring-shaped radiation network around the main coal base in “Sinxi, Xianbei and Monnan” and the large east-west line of coal in the “Shosho-Shoble Line.” Currently, companies operate 9 railways, railways run approximately 2155 kilometres, and the northern part of the Yellow Railway River has been established to provide a good basis for moving forward with construction and full connectivity.
In 2018, the company achieved a total rail transport turnover of 28,391 million tons, an increase of 4.0 per cent over the same period in the previous year. In ports, the Department owns a number of integrated ports and terminals, such as the port of Huang Yu, with a total loading capacity of about 270 million tons/year. In 2018, the port sold 270 million tons of piped coal, an increase of 4.6 per cent, of which the two self-owned ports of the port of Huang Shua Tianjin and the company ' s railway, shipping and marketing terminals are connected to each other.
Closely, in terms of shipping, which accounts for 88.3 per cent of the total number of underground coal in the Group ' s ports, the company currently owns a shipping fleet of approximately 2.18 million heavy-lift tons of its own vessels, with shipping volumes of 103.6 million tons in 2018, an increase of 11.4 per cent compared to the previous year; shipping turnover is 8,991 million tons, an increase of 11.8 per cent over the same period.
By-products of maleene and other small amounts. In 2018, the production facility was maintained in a safe, stable and high load operation for 8164 hours, a total of 617,400 tonnes of malefin products were produced, all of which were supplied with fuel and raw materials from within the group, and a total of 4.1 million tonnes of coal was consumed.
Overall, the company’s efficient organizational management and stable performance over the years has benefited from the integrated and coordinated balance of coal, power generation, transport, coal-chemical integrated transport camps, scientific movement control, and planning management. The continuous operation of the chains helps to prevent risk avoidance, achieves a continuous balance of production and integrated operations, and maximizes the competitive advantage of the company.
2. Corporate cost-control industry leads the industry by consistently lowering the cost of self-produced coal, with deep cooperation and effective synergies among the branches under the business model of integrated whole-sector chains for coal-electrification, strong resource organization and transport management capabilities combined with companies ' internationally advanced coal mining and safe production technologies making them low-cost.
In addition, the company has six open-air coal mines with a capacity of 12,58.8 million tons per year, representing 38.26 per cent of total production capacity, which is much higher than the industry's source of wealth/ton, which represents an increase of 4.52 per cent over the same year of 108.50 yuan/ton in 2017.
The cost of coal production by other companies is about two to four times higher. A strong cost-control capability allows China to maintain a profit of $16.1 billion in 2015 when other companies are less or less profitable than others.
Figure 1: Comparison of costs of self-produced coal production by listed companies 3. Coal power pools, high proportion of aid performance stable. Coal industry is a cyclical industry with price levels and profitability closely linked to macroeconomic cycles.
For two years, with annual increases in coal prices, other coal-listed companies have been affected, and the net profits of the parent countries have changed dramatically, and China’s dynasty has fluctuated only slightly; From a flat perspective, companies with high coal prices account for a higher share of the plate, and companies with low coal prices far outperform the plate’s performance, relative to coal.
The carbon industry is characterized by an insensitive response to macroeconomic changes in China, and performance has remained stable. Figure 2: Changes in the annual average value of ocean power coal and the net profit of listed companies on average, Figure 3: Coal price index and corporate performance as a percentage of the plate
The advantages of the power pool of 3.1 coal in the east highlight the fact that most of the power plants in the north of China are located near company-owned coal mines (Red Circle) and their own railways (Yellow Circle) in the south.
The plants are mostly located in coastal areas, where companies can transport their own coal to their own power plants at a lower cost by virtue of their railway and shipping advantages. Figure 4: Distribution of China's North Power Plant (Green Circle) Figure 5: Distribution of China's South Power Plant (Green Circle)
From an analysis of the performance of the plate, the net profit of power coal and electronic fire blocks is positively related to the country’s coal production, which is less relevant. According to companies, the total amount of coal generated in 2018 was 122.6 million tons, which consumes all of us.
Coal production is 101.1 million tons, or 82.5% of total coal consumption. The relationship is clearly negative in terms of the company’s Māori ratio in coal and power generation branches since 2007. The Māori ratio in coal subsectors is the same as in coal prices, while the Māori rate in downstream power generation is the opposite of the coal price changer, and if the company only operates coal, the net profit is more responsive and risky to changes in coal prices.
The business model reduces this risk to a large extent, with the combined performance of the two branches being less influenced by coal prices, and corporate overall performance remaining relatively stable when coal prices fluctuate with the economic cycle.
Figure 7: Self-generated coal consumption as a percentage of total coal consumption in electricity generation
On November 16, 2016, the National Development and Reform Commission, together with the National Energy Agency, the National Coal Safety Inspectorate and the Chinese Coal Industry Association, organized a long-term mechanism for the smooth development of the coal industry.
By the end of 2018, the company had signed a three-year (2019-2021) annual agreement with 15 reputable high-quality customers in the country, using a price mechanism of “base price (535 kcal/tonne (current transfer price for tax offshore silos) plus floating price”. Companies applied a uniform pricing mechanism to both internal and external customers, and implemented three pricing mechanisms: the annual association, the monthly association and the spot.
Annual COICA coal sales amounted to 220.5 million tons per year, or 47.8 per cent of total coal sales; monthly COCA coal sales amounted to 158.9 million tons, or 34.5 per cent of total coal sales, and the COCA total sales amounted to 82.3 per cent.
The liquidity ratio has significantly reduced the risk of cyclical fluctuations in the company’s performance. The East’s financial boom has been negotiated to determine the pricing mechanism; the performance rate for long-term contracts should be no less than 90% throughout the year.
All forms of medium- and long-term contracts, including quarterly, monthly and out-coal, should be implemented in accordance with the annual price mechanism for 2019, as specified in the present circular, and prices should, in principle, be stabilized in the publication.
In the case of carbon, where a long-term contract has been signed for the implementation of a memorandum of understanding to counter abnormal price fluctuations in the coal market, within the Green Zone, the Foreign Association of Coal Buyers shall not exceed the upper limit of the Yellow Zone due to the higher cost of the purchase.
In the case of stable dividends, a robust operating cash flow reflecting the nature of bonds of the type 4.1, a stable profit distribution policy conditionalities, the annual cash distribution of profits is not less than 35% of the net profits of the shareholders of the company.
Millions of yuan (including taxes), representing 39.9 per cent of the net profits attributable to the company’s shareholders under the enterprise’s accounting standards, the company’s share-rate payment rate has been maintained for years in the third largest industry, after flat energy and coal power.
East Hing Securities Insight Report, China Shinhua (601088): Integrated business model for efficient business operations, Figure 11: Corporate equity payments
Figure 13: The company's excess earnings and its depth by 300 drops, the source of Eastern financial and intellectual booms, the business cash flow of 4.2 companies.
The net cash flow generated by China’s Senghua operations is much higher than that generated by other listed companies in the same industry, and the cash flow is very good.
Coal Division: With the completion of the Harusu Open Savannah occupancy certificate, mining replacement land, etc., the resumption of pre-trial work at the Bozhikhler Open Slate Extractive site, the new capacity of the North Electric Victory Open Slate mine and the completion of the extension of prospecting rights in the North of the Daigue Temple area of the New Street Mine, a new detailed inspection of prospecting rights is expected to result in a small increase in the company ' s commercial coal production from 2019 to 2021 from 300 million tons.
The ratio of contracts will continue to increase, internal and external customers will become more stable, coal distribution channels will expand further, and the performance of the coal subsector will be expected to remain stable in the light of the trend towards coal prices in 2019.
Transport subsector: In 2019, it was determined that the company would continue to accelerate the development of railway lines and stations through capacity-building, and that the production and marketing of coal-chemical products would continue to be stable in 2019-2021.
In 2019, the company will continue to deepen its strategic positioning, improve its management system, focus horizontally on the company ' s main business, extend vertically coal electrification.