The strategic plan establishes a blueprint for growth, the global landscape is on the verge of growth, and the development framework sets the tone for growth, relying on the capital of the Shandong State.
In its Strategic Development Plan framework, the company drew a clear growth blueprint for investors: by the end of 2025, 12 tons of actual mineral gold production and 240 tons of gold resources and reserves were planned.
At the end of the year, the planned production of mineral gold reached 28 tons and the volume and reserves of gold reached more than 600 tons. The development agenda sets the basis for growth and enhances investors’ long-term confidence.
By contrast, the gold of the year, the gold of Shandong and the gold of the purple mines, the gold of Silver-Thai has benefited from the large and high-grade mineral resources of which it owns, on the one hand, the highest/lowest price in 52 weeks.
Higher efficiency reduces the cost of producing a unit of mineral gold, while companies continue to improve resource utilization and production efficiency through technological innovation and equipment upgrading. As company mineral production increases steadily, scale effects are expected to become apparent, and unit costs are expected to continue to decrease thereafter.
With the growing trend towards higher gold prices, the company’s lower unit cost is expected to help it perform quickly, with a clear advantage in resource reserves, and the proposed acquisition of the gold mine twinhills opens up the space for growth.
The purchase of the twinhills gold mine, where the growth space is gradually opening and where the main mine rights of the osino include the mining rights and prospecting rights of the twinhills project in Namibia and the ndundu project.
The value of gold is 99.21 tons, with a grade of 1.09 g/t (March 2023). The ondundu project has an extrapolated volume of 27.99 tons of gold, with a grade of 1.13 g/t. If the purchase is successfully completed, it will significantly boost the stock of silver and silver gold and provide a solid basis for the subsequent increase in production.
The economy of the United States is over-expected, the Fed is off-paced, the company's projects are off-paced, and the resource reserve is sublime, with 1.1 Shandong gold holdings, turning to a national capital platform.
A shift to State-owned holdings was completed in the course of the year, with the following time lines for the brief development of Silver-Thai gold: 1.1999 - Establishment of the company, initially based on hydroelectric power generation.
2. 2002 - Main business was transformed into investment in and management of urban utilities. 3. 2007 - first major shareholder changed to Silver Thai Investment Ltd. of China, and company began major asset restructuring in the energy sector and mineral resources.
5. 2016 - The joint venture with other shareholders to establish the Shanghai Shenji Platform Company, which acquired the gold mine resources of the Canadian gold producer and explorer El Larado Gold Company located in China, involving mines that mainly covered the Heilong River Black Rock Mining Company.
The East An Gold Mine, the Gilling Temple Mining Company ' s gold gold gold gold mine and the Qinghai Great Zaytan Mining Beach gold mine, including four mining rights and nine prospecting rights, rich gold reserves and generally high grade.
7.2019 - The company changed its name to Silver Thai Gold Co. Ltd., changed its main business to Precious Metals and Non-ferrous Metals Mining.
10, 2024 - announcement of purchase of 100 per cent of the shares of the 0sino company at a price of approximately $368 million, resulting in the purchase of the twin hills gold mine (99.21 tons of gold resources and 66.86 tons of gold reserves).
1. Initial acquisition plan: On 19 January 2023, Shandong gold announced a plan to purchase shares in silver and gold held by the Chinese Silver Thai Investment Company Ltd. (Singhai, China) and the Shen army through a negotiated transfer. The total amount of shares planned for acquisition is 581 million shares, representing 20.93 per cent of the total stock of silver and Thai gold, and the transfer price is RMB 12,766 million.
3. Complete control acquisition: On 20 July 2023, Shandong gold announced that it had received a limited liability for the registration of securities in China.
Shandong gold held 641 million shares of silver and Thai gold, accounting for 23.099 per cent of the total stock of silver and gold, and increased its share of silver and Thai gold by means of a centralized competitive bid in the silver and gold market, with an increase of not less than 1,288 million yuan and not more than 2,576 million yuan and a maximum price increase of not more than 19.04 yuan per share.
Through the above-mentioned series of equity acquisitions and enhancements, Shandong gold has gradually increased its control over silver and Thai gold, with the ultimate realization of the holding. After holding the shares, it is expected that the two listed companies will complement each other in order to create synergies and contribute to the overall improvement in the quality of the development of gold and gold.
For its part, Sino-Thai gold has been converted from a private to a state-owned enterprise. For its part, Sino-Thai gold is owned by the Yulong mine (76.67% of the shares), Black Rock (100% of the shares), Jilin Plate Temple (95% of the shares), Qinghai Zaydan (90% of the shares) and the Huateng gold mine (60% of the shares).
A trading company in control, Shanghai Shenghong, whose primary business is trade in precious metals and non-ferrous metals, provides customers with services such as procurement channels, risk management, trade finance, etc. Silver-Thai gold, in its Strategic Planning Framework for Development, clearly sets out a set of targets for increasing production from reserves, depicting investors.
A clear blueprint for growth: tons, gold resources and reserves amount to 240 tons.
Silver-Thai gold will have a strong growth dynamic in the future. The endogenous growth engine is derived from the stock of existing assets, the company has a rich reserves of resources and there is still room for growth. By the end of 2023, Silver-Thai gold holdings plus controls plus speculative metal levels had reached
146.66 tons, which provides a solid basis for the company ' s future growth in production, and significant results from the company ' s increased deposits of prospecting in existing mines, such as the successful filing of the Yulong Mining 1118 Highlands Metal Reconnaissance Project and the completion of the Qinghai Great Chaidan Gold Mining Certificate (expanding the mine area), which will further enhance the company ' s resource storage.
In terms of external growth, the company actively promoted overseas resource mergers and acquisitions. In February 2024, the company planned to indirectly control the twinhills gold mining project in Namibia by acquiring 0sino resourcescorp.
Fist: At the same time, there is an advantage in corporate technology and management, with companies leading the country in terms of digital management of mines and safe and environmentally sound management of water, which helps to increase the efficiency of resource development and lower production costs, thereby enhancing the competitiveness of companies. 1.3 Cost advantage leads the industry, with gold prices rising to a higher level.
According to the Māori structure, 2023 alloy plates account for 2,005 million yuan, or 77 per cent, and 2,447 million yuan, or more than 94 per cent, of mineral silver. There is a strong downward trend in gold prices, and the collapse of the Qingjilin pavilion, which is affected by the epidemic, has a serious impact on sales.
In 2023, the gold prices were stable and the company’s output was stable, leading to a significant increase in performance, with the mother’s net profit of 1,424 million yuan in 2023, compared to 26.79 per cent in 202401 in gold.
Silver-Thai gold has a strong cost-control capability, and mineral gold is a far ahead of the industry. We have chosen 2021 to 2023 Red Peak gold, compared to the gold from Shandong gold and purple gold mining, and the mineral gold unit cost of silver-Thai gold is significantly higher than the cost of gold.
In business, $145, 168 and 176/g in 2021-2023, respectively, the reason for the gradual upturn in costs is that the company’s output was disturbed by a fixed-cost component, but the overall gram cost and the level of the Māori ratio are still far ahead in comparison with their counterparts. In 2021-2023, the Māori rate was 60 per cent, 57 per cent and 61 per cent respectively.
The company maintains low-cost, high-profit benefits from the fact that the wealth of gold that it owns is mostly large and high-grade. On the one hand, the higher efficiency of mining reduces the cost of producing a unit of mineral gold, and on the other hand, the company continues to raise it through technological innovation and equipment upgrading, with high resource and production efficiency. With the steady growth in the company’s mineral production, the scale effect is expected to gradually become apparent, and the unit effect is expected to be realized.
It is expected that this will continue to decline thereafter.2 The resource reserves have a significant advantage of tons. Silver resources amount to 8018.82 tons and silver reserves amounting to 952.51 tons.
The company’s main mine rights for the Osino are mining rights and prospecting rights for the twinhills project in Namibia. The twinhills project has a reserve of 66.86 tons and a grade of 1.04 g/t (May 2023); gold 99.21 tons and a grade of 1.09 g/t (March 2023). The twindundu project has an extrapolated resource volume of 27.99 tons.
Gold, with a grade of 1.13 g/t. If the purchase is successfully completed, it will significantly boost the stock of silver and Thai gold and lay a solid foundation for subsequent increases in production.