"Researchchand developmentcenter, a new stage in the development of the Golden Star."
On April 09, 2024, the Golden Star entered a new phase of development.
Relying on the Shandong Gold Group, it made a second leap. The company went through two business adjustments, collecting silver gold in 2016 (000975), buying three major gold mines and officially turning into a precious metal selection business; in 2023, the major shareholder changed to Shandong Yellow.
Kim, the real control has been changed to Shandong Province State Finance Committee, making a shift from private to state enterprises. The company, in conjunction with Shandong Gold, is working efficiently to achieve the “1+1>2” effect, while relying on Shandong Gold for 193 tons of silver production. The company has a better resource endowment, with a greater potential for increased storage and expansion: 1) Black Rock.
High grade and profitability, with additional storage space for prospecting rights in the Eastern Angry Outlying Area No. 5; 2) Gilling Board, stable production of temple mechanized mines, and mining rights in the outer edges of the gold and gold mines. 3) Qinghai, Qinghai, Qinghai, Qingdan, low cost, Qingqian gold mining project, and Blue Dragon Trench gold mining project, `discovery'
Active progress is being made. 4) In preparation for the resumption of the Chinese gold mine, 1.2 million tons of resources are still being assessed and filed. 5) The Tamalong mine, the lead and zinc main power mine, has continued its production and exploration activities throughout the years. 6) In February 2024, it is proposed to acquire 100 per cent of the shares of the gold mine twinhills and open up overseas.
The average cost of gold production is $176.42/g, and the cost is competitive, with a 60.76% Māori ratio of 2023 alloys. Companies will continue to enhance mining production exploration, expand effective production capacity, increase annual processing and reduce total costs.
The March 2024 Fomc conference maintained the guidelines for three interest cuts a year. The January-February inflation data for the United States were over-marketed, but the manufacturing sector and other dynamic factors were inadequate, although the current inflation rate was still higher than the target, and the Fed was considering interest cuts as a way to balance economic growth.
Long-and-inflation control needs to achieve a soft landing for the economy. After interest-rate hikes in 2006 and 2018, the risk-averse and monetary attributes of the stacked gold are expected to be renewed, and gold prices are expected to become more innovative. In gold stock valuations, risk factors are: the risk of gold price volatility; project capacity is not expanding as expected.
Sinda Securities Co. Ltd., Ltd.
Each year, the major shareholder changed to Shandong gold, and the real controlling person changed to Shandong Province State Finance Committee, bringing about a shift from private to state enterprises. The company joined forces with Shandong Gold Power to achieve the “1+1>2” effect, while relying on the Shandong Gold Group, which produced 12, 15, 22 and 28 tons of gold, respectively.
The company's resource endowment is good and its potential for expansion is high. It currently has five major domestic mines in Black Rock, Gilling Temple, Qinghai Zaydan, Huasin Gold, Yulong, and in February 24, it plans to acquire the twinhills gold mine to open up its overseas resources. The company's average cost of gold production in 2023 was $176.42/g, and the cost is competitive.
High-year processing of minerals, reducing total cost. 3) We expect the gold stock to be on the rise, and prices are expected to rise again. The March 2024 Fomc conference maintained the guidelines for three interest-reductions in the year, and the January-February inflation data for the United States were expected to be out of the market, but manufacturing and so on was not enough power, though.
The current inflation rate is still higher than the target, and the Federal Reserve is considering the need to balance economic growth with inflation control in order to achieve a soft landing of the economy. At the end of the increase in interest rates in 2006 and 2018, gold prices rose from the bottom to the bottom, depending on the Shandong Gold Group, making a second leap.
1.1 A transition towards a new chapter in the company's business of selecting precious and non-ferrous metals and trading in metals. At present, the company has five mining companies, not for the Yulong mine, Black Rock, Jilin Temple, Qinghai Chaidan and Huaming gold, the main products of which are alloyed gold (in silver),
Lead powder (in silver) and zinc powder (in silver). In 2022, the company ' s mineral gold production was ranked seventh among the gold companies in the country, and net profits were ranked fifth among the gold companies in the country. In June, it was placed on the market at the deep end. In 2002, the company ' s first shareholder was changed to Ced Holdings Ltd., Guangzhou.
In 2007, the company completed a major asset restructuring, with the first major shareholder changing to Silver Thai Investment Ltd. of China, defining the strategic direction for the transfer of the company ' s main business to the energy sector and the mineral resource industry, with the hotel and restaurant sector as a strategy for transition.
In 2016, the company acquired the Canadian company Ellado Gold in China.
In 2019, the company changed its name to Silver-Thai Gold Co. Ltd.. In 2021, the company acquired the Mang City Huaming gold mine.
60% of shares, further expansion of the gold business map. In 2023, the company ' s controlling shareholders changed to Shandong gold, back to Shandong Gold Group, and the company ' s development entered a new phase.
In 2022, the company's real-account owner, the Shen National Army, and its controlling shareholder, Silver-Thai, transferred their shares of 20.93% to Shandong gold. In July 2023, the registration process was completed, the company's real-time control became Shandong State-owned, with private enterprises converted into State-owned enterprises, and Shandong gold was traded centrally through the exchange.
Mining companies include Yulong Mining, Black Rock, Jilin Temple, Qinghai Big Chaidan, and Washington Gold. The trading company is Shanghai Sheng Hung, Shanghai is based on trade in precious metals and non-ferrous metals.
Services are mainly provided to customers in the areas of purchase and sale channels, risk management, trade finance, etc. 1.2 Shandong gold masters, with clear strategic planning, and strong alliances to achieve the “1+1>2” effect. Shandong gold is a leading business in the gold sector, with a large stock of resources and a solid gold resource.
At the end of 2023, Shandong gold held a total of 1431.3 tons of gold and 545.97 tons of gold. After this merger, Shandong gold and Silver Thai gold, located in the first class of the Chinese gold industry, joined forces to pursue a two-wing development strategy with complementary advantages and synergies.
The value of Shandong gold has increased production in mining, smelting technology and size-conservative companies, increasing the profitability of the public sector, and raising the level of sustainable development of the company. Relying on the Shandong Gold Group, assets are injected into expectations.
The Gold Group plans to inject high-quality non-ferrous sheet assets under the flag into companies, where the quality of the assets meets the requirements of the CSRC, to regulate competition and potential competition with their counterparts in non-ferrous metals operations, and to support the development of companies.
There is no major peer competition. The main products of Shandong gold are standard ingots and investment bars of various specifications, etc., and allied gold products need further refining to become standard in order to be marketed as essentially upstream products of Shandong gold production;
In terms of sales patterns, Shandong gold is primarily a Shanghai gold exchange, while the company ' s main client is a downstream gold smelter, and the two clients are in different industrial chains, with significant differences between the main customers; in terms of mineral rights, based on the mining rights currently held and prospecting rights, Shandong gold and the company ' s mineral rights cover autonomous areas and do not have any cross-covering.
Localized M & As. For potential peer competition between companies and Shandong gold for resource M & As, the idea is that the company’s gold owners remain the same, and that the increase in M & As around existing mines will make better use of the company’s existing mining production facilities and reduce the construction costs of new M & As. Resources abroad, based on the company’s and Shandong gold.
In late 2023, companies launched a strategic framework for development, with a vision of a growing international gold mining company with value creation at its centre and a global engine; resources first, the global layout and long-term goals.
The project is based on the expansion of capacity, the promotion of priority projects and the guarantee of higher capacity; it is based on security, the establishment of a strong defence line, with a strong focus on the “zero” goal, and the maintenance of green development; it is designed to reform innovation, optimize mechanisms, create synergies, and create institutional advantages. The objectives are as follows:
Two-year planning targets: 12 tons of mineral gold produced at the end of the fourteenth half of the year and 240 tons of gold resources and reserves; 15 tons of mineral gold produced at the end of 2026 and 300 tons of gold resources and reserves; and 22 tons of mineral gold produced at the end of 2028 and 500 tons of gold resources and reserves.
Seven-year planning target: 28 tons of mineral gold produced at the end of the fifteenth year and over 600 tons of gold resources and reserves. Figure 4: Company mineral gold production planning target (tons) Figure 3: Corporate gold resource and storage planning target (tons)
1.3 Performances have grown steadily, with alloys contributing the main profits. Production operations have returned to normal and performance has grown steadily. After the company acquired the three mines, revenues increased by 117 per cent in 2018.
In 2022, production fell short of expectations, production fell and revenues fell by between 7.29 and 8,382 million yuan, with the net profit of the mother contributing the main Maori. After the acquisition of many gold mines, corporate alloy sales continued to rise and gold prices rose.
The annual combined Māori rate for companies is 32 per cent, up from nearly 7 pcts in 2022.Figure 7: Māori share of sub-firm operations (%) has a smooth cost ratio and asset-liability ratio is lower in the industry.
With a debt ratio of over 30 per cent, companies have good partnerships with financial institutions, financial capacity is strong, low debt ratios widen corporate access to finance, helping to expand mining resources.
In 2016, the company, in association with other shareholders, established the Shanghai Shengwei Platform to acquire the assets of Canadian multinational gold producers and explorers Elardo from mines in China, including 100 per cent of Black Rock, 95 per cent of Jilin Temple and Qinghai Chai Chai.
In 2021, the company acquired 60% of the Chinese gold mine with its own capital of $1.037 billion. At present, the company owns five mining companies, namely, the Yulong mine, Black Rock, Jilin Temple, Qinghai Big Chaidan, and the Huasin Gold Mine.
One of the higher and most manageable gold mines, whose full cost is competitive, is a national green mine at the Gilling Tablet Temple, a provincial green mine at Qinghai Grand Chaytan, and a lead and silver polymetal mine at the Yulong Mine, which is in production. The gold mine in Hua Sein is waiting to recover the mine for the company to buy.
The potential for less viable mining at this stage is estimated at 3.06 million tons, 10.12 tons of gold metals and 156.78 tons of metals;
Following the company ' s acquisition of some of Elado ' s domestic gold businesses in 2016, the scale of the mine and its production increased from 5.57 tons in 2018 to 7.01 tons in 2023. After the expansion of the Yulong mining plant, production grew annually, reaching 193 tons of company mineral silver production, 0.95 million tons of lead powder production and zinc production in 2023.
In 2024, the company planned to produce no less than 8 tons of gold. The main raw material needed for the company’s production was from mining stones, the production model being the planned stream.
The price of the Sea Gold Exchange and the price of other products for sale are based on publicly available pricing platforms such as the Shanghai Non-ferrous Metal Network, which are sold mainly to gold refiners based on the company's alloys, to gold refiners, and to gold refiners as standard silver ingots or to jewellery processors. Lead and zinc concentrates are sold mainly to downstream smelters, and silver metals are mainly found in lead refiners.
Smelting plants are recovering from the smelting process as a whole. Figure 12: The company produced 193 tons of high-quality mineral and silver in 2023, with great prospects for increased storage. As of 2023, there were 16 prospecting rights in the company ' s five mining subsidiaries.
The exploration area for mining rights is 178.32 square kilometres. Qinghai Chaidan is located on the beach in Qinghai Province, with the main focus on the non-ferrous metal mining of precious mountain metals.
Mineral bodies are found. Mineral mining sites with the advantage of non-ferrous metals and precious metals such as silver, copper, lead, zinc, gold, etc. are high-profile areas of national and international interest in finding large, mega or even world-class non-ferrous metal deposits, with high mineral potential, expanding resource reserves, resource reserves as one of the key indicators for measuring the development potential of resource-type companies.
Increase investment in exploration to accelerate the transfer of existing mineral prospecting rights to mining. Actively promote the pace of domestic and foreign mergers and acquisitions of high-quality resources and rapidly increase the volume of corporate assets and mineral production. 2.1.1 Black Rock (100% equity, allied gold + mineral silver): high grade, profitability and potential for increased storage
Since its launch in September 2017, Locke has been operating steadily continuously. With the end of open-air mining, and in order to maintain business efficiency, a second phase of technological change was launched in early 2019, turning into underground mining.
In December of that year, the Natural Resources Agency of Heilongjiang Province issued a new mining licence for the Black River Rockstone gold mine, which was increased from 14,850,000 tonnes/year to 375,000 tonnes/year.
161.92 tons. The rare high-grade, shallow buried low-temperature hydrothermal gold mine, with a greater potential for increased outlying and deep storage, mainly in the north-south extension area of the 5th mine, is expected to gradually increase mine production and extend the duration of mineral service. According to the announcement of the concession of prospecting rights by the company ' s wholly-owned subsidiary, in March 2023, Black Rock was subjected to the seventh geological survey in the province of Heilongjiang.
The Court held the right to conduct a detailed survey of prospecting on the edges of the Tung An Rock gold deposit No. 5 in the county of Heilongjiang Province, at a price of $16,29,807,000. The right to prospecting is located on the edge of the right to mine the same mineral belt as the Tung An gold mine on the Black River. Ton, the average grade is 3.4 g/t; silver metal is 23.36 g/t, the average grade is 63 g/t. The concession will boost the company ' s capital.
The main products of the Black Rock are high silver alloys, 2.16 tons of alloys and 16.5 tons of mineral silver in 2023, with net profits of $628 million, contributing to the company’s main performance; the net interest rate is 49.16%, and the profitability is higher than that of other mines.
2.1.2 Gilling Tablet Temples (95% equity, allied gold + mineral silver): Mechanized, green-melted mines
Internationally leading production processes, such as explosion, remote forklift out of mines, unorbited heavy-card transport, complete filling of empty-field mining, all-lobour care, clean tailings disposal, have become a mechanized, digital, highly secure mine. In 2019, the process of receiving and approving the 800,000-ton annual expansion project and the exchange of licences for safe production was completed.
By the end of 2023, the stock of resources in the Golden Gold Mine of the Jilin Tablet was 6.554 million tons of ore, 25.09 tons of gold and metals, 1.8 tons of mineral gold produced in 2023, 0.39 million tons of mineral silver, net profit of 399 million yuan and net profit of 379 million yuan.
Increase in ore volume of 34.3 million tons, gold metal volume of 1.1 tons, with an average grade of 3.21 g/t. In 2023, the holding subsidiary, Kim Jeong Seok Min Mining Ltd., invested $7.562 million in the exploration of slate trenches and polymetallic mines.
2.1.3 Qinghai Big Chaidan (90% equity, allied gold + mineral silver): Low cost and continued promotion of the exploration Qinghai Big Chaidan Board, located in Heixi County, Qinghai Province, is currently held by a company, Qinghai Province 1 Geological Survey Institute and Big Chai State Property Investment Corporation. The main product of the Qinghai Big Chai Tan mining is low silver alloys, recovered in April 2019.
On November 1, 2000, the investor relationship log showed that the cost of the three gold mines in the first three quarters of 2023 was the lowest of the three, and the cost of the gold was $114/gram, and our cost is expected to rise as a result of the diversion of open-air mining.
Figure 20: Production (tons) of Qinghai Qinghai Qinghai alloy gold and mineral silver. By the end of 2023, Qinghai Qinghai Qingqian had 16,849,000 tons of ores and 77,54 tons of gold and metal. In 2023, Qinghai Qing Qianqian was invested in capitalizing exploration for 43,991.2 million yuan, mainly in the deep east of the Blue Dragon Trench and the depths of the mountain gold mines.
Prospecting was carried out, encrypt drilling and re-circleing of the northern and southern parts of the Blue Dragon Trench. 1558.9 million tons of new ores and 7.19 tons of new gold metal were added through surface and sub-well surveys.
Funding was provided for the successful discovery of stubble, stubble ore belts in the Blue Dragon Beach cover area, and for the detection of additional gold ore deposits in the concession of prospecting in the Golden Dragon Trench, Blue Hill, Blue Crystal Trench and Blue Dragon Hill. By the end of 2023, the mining licence for the Blue Dragon Trench gold mine (expanding of the mine area) had been completed; the natural resource office of the Qinghai Province for Mining Rights in the Trail Trench (New Sea) had been reviewed and was awaiting further approval.
In September 2021, Man City’s Hua Shenzhen Gold Development Co. Ltd. acquired 60 per cent of the shares of former shareholders at a company cost of $1.037 billion as shareholders in its control of the project, which is located at the Mangau Dam, a large-scale gold mine with a high resource potential, belonging to the rare high-quality mine in the country, in the area of 0.6388 square kilometres and in the mine area of 0.6388 square kilometres.
It consists of two segments: the wheat-dwelling, orchards. The Chinese gold mains are ally gold mining, core assets, mining rights in Man City gold, and mining licences have been obtained. The production scale is now 100,000 tonnes/year. The next plan is to raise production capacity to 1.2 million tonnes/year. The Chinese gold mine has been closed since 2016 owing to shareholder funding, among other things.
By the end of 2023, the Man City gold mine had a total ore of 17,708,000 tons, a gold metal volume of 29.23 tons and aur average grade of 1.65 g/ton.
The gold mines are still in the process of filing 1.2 million tons of stock assessment, and the resource stock verification reports submitted by the Chinese gold mines have changed considerably in their sections and content and need to be modified and resubmitted.
Inner Mongolia, in the town of Saijumu, the Yulong mine is located in the town of Bayanhua, which was acquired by companies in 2012 using underground mining methods, the main product being lead and zinc concentrate (with silver in it). The Yulong mine has two silver lead and zinc mining rights, six prospecting rights in the highlands of 1118, in the outlying areas of Hanaboot and in the highlands of 1038.
Dragon mining is one of the largest single-body mines in the country today (with silver content). By the end of 2023, the Yulong mine had combined tons of tons, 1262 million tons of copper and 1.75 tons of gold and metals. 28,650,000 yuan was invested in the exploration of the Yulong mine in 2023, and $9.18 million was invested in capitalizing exploration, mainly in the 1118 highlands.
The right-to-prospect resources have been updated. Production exploration activities have been carried out continuously over the course of the year, deep-discovery copper and tin mines are being explored and no resource estimates are being carried out, and the amount of copper and tin is to be estimated in detail in the future in the report on exploration for the right-to-mining depths.
+ Auxiliary ramp joint approach; upgrading system consisting of five vertical wells; mining method mainly filled with shallow-hole deposits later Mining law, segment empty-field thereafter Filling with mining method and upward horizontally filled mining method. 3000 tonnes/day plant, Yulong Mining, July 2022, according to the company ' s record of investor relations activities of 4 November 2022
The company sells lead and zinc concentrates mainly to smelters, where silver metals are mostly contained in lead concentrates and are recovered by smelters in smelting rings. Mineral resources are better available, lead concentrates are easy to sell because of precious metal content, and zinc concentrates are accompanied by small metal species.
More and more, together with advanced production processes, combined recovery benefits and competitive sales to large smelters. 175 tons of mineral silver, 0.95 tons of lead powder and 1.65 million tons of zinc powder were achieved in 2023.
Figure 21: Net profits from Yulong mining (billion yuan) Figure 22: Production of Yulong mineral silver (kg), lead and zinc concentrates (tons) 2.1.6 twinhills (to be purchased 100 per cent, alloys): 5 tons of planned annual production to open up the distribution of overseas resources
In February 2024, the company is going to buy all of the issued and circulating ordinary shares and diluted shares of osinosourcescorp at a price of $1.90 per share, through its wholly-owned subsidiary established in Canada through Sumi Trade, for a transaction amounting to approximately $368 million, which will be held indirectly by the company upon completion of the acquisition.
Osino is a Canadian-registered mining company whose main business is mining exploration and exploitation, and whose main asset is the twinhills gold mining project in Namibia.
According to the latest 43-101 standard report published by Osino, the metal reserves of the gold mine project were 66.86 tons as of May 2023; the metal reserves were 99.21 tons as of March 2023.
According to a feasibility study compiled by lycopodium, published in June 2023 by the twinhills gold mining project, the plant was designed to produce 5 million tonnes/year, with constructive capital expenditure of $365 million and planned
After 13 years of production, open-air mining, the company expects to produce an average of 162,000 ounces (approximately 5.04 tons) per year over the lifetime of the mine, the construction of the project was launched in July of the full-scale year and started production in 2026. After the company acquires the twinhills gold mining project, the project will be further optimized and the project completed on time.
Osino also has prospecting rights for the Bondundu gold mine, 130 km north-west of the twinshills project, with an extra resource of 0.9 million ounces of gold (approximately 27.99 tons) above the 0.5 g/t border level, at a grade of 1.13 g/t. In recent years, 35 km north-east of the ndundu gold mine project, the newly discovered Eureka Vision Area has been identified as an additional storage area for the next priority for prospecting.
The cost is reduced by the significant cost advantage of 2.2 grams, with a slight increase in profitability, a competitive cost of 60.76 per cent of alloys in 2023 and a high Māori rate in the gold mining industry The efficient synergy of internal selection processes, reliance on quality resources and mechanization, and greening of mining methods.
In recent years, companies have shown an upward trend in unit costs of mineral gold, but they still have a significant cost advantage in their counterparts. Companies will continue to strengthen mining production exploration, raise resource controls, reduce costs and increase the Māori rate strictly from the point of view of product cost management.
On the basis of a three-tier balance of barrier deposits, we dig deep inside, improve equipment performance, increase annual processing and reduce total costs.
As a non-interest-bearing asset, the real interest rate can be used as an opportunity to measure the cost of gold, linked to a high level of negative gold prices, and can be one of the most important pricing logics for gold prices until 2022. Long-term real interest rate = nominal interest rate – inflation expectations, so the direction of long-term real interest rates is judged primarily on the basis of nominal interest rates and nominal interest rates.
Inflation is expected to change direction and pace. From 2022, post-epidemic monetary policy and widespread increases in energy prices led to high inflation in the United States, with the Fed opening a seventh round of interest hikes, while gold prices are at historically high levels because of central bank purchases, risk avoidance needs, run-down expectations, and gold prices are less relevant to real interest rates, but not less.
In March 2024, the Fomc Conference maintained the guidelines for three interest reductions during the year. In July 2023, the last increase in interest rates was expected to raise the views of the macro team of the DVR Center, and the Fed noted at the March Fomc Summit that the Federal Fund’s interest rate remained unchanged at 5.25 per cent to 5.50 per cent between the target areas, and that the fall in inflation in February raised concerns for the Fed to adjust the number of interest reductions throughout the year.
The change is that more Federal Reserve officials agreed on the median interest rate for 2024, and the dotted chart kept the three reduction guidelines. Inflation data for January-February were out of market expectations, but manufacturing and the like were weak.
According to the macro team of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, the marginal rebound in February was largely the result of a marked improvement in the energy sub-cpi. The recovery in oil prices was largely the result of a sudden escalation in the Palestinian-Israeli crisis and continued tensions in the Red Sea.
In March, the United States manufacture of Ism’s pmi, 50.3, returned to over 50 for the first time since November 2022. The number of new non-farm jobs increased by 303,000 in March, up from an average monthly increase of 231,000 in the previous 12 months, and unemployment fell to 3.8 per cent.
As a reason for postponing interest rate reductions, the Fed prefers inflation indicators, whether housing inflation or non-residential inflation as a result of the employment market, to be followed by successive declines in interest rate reductions, which may be triggered. Figure 29: New non-farm employment in the United States (thousands)
Figure 30: U.S. unemployment rate and labour participation rate (%) — United States: new non-farm employment: opening value Federal Reserve more confident in economic resilience. Quarterly economic forecast summary (sep) at the March fomc meeting shows that the U.S.
1.4% of the month went up to 2.1% in March this year, the 2024 core pce forecast went up from 2.4% in December last year, and interest-reduction node perturbations did not change the direction. Overall, while inflation is still above the target, the Fed is considering a reduction that may be needed to balance economic growth with inflation control in order to achieve a soft landing of the economy.
In December 2023, at the Fomc meeting, Powell mentioned that the Fed would not wait for inflation to drop to 2%, as it would take into account the risk of too late interest-reduction. The Fomc meeting in March 2024 maintained the guidelines for three interest-reductions in the year, but a time-specific node would still need to see the movement of core economic data.
3.2 Currency attributes: the dollar’s credit deficit, central bank purchases support long-cycle gold prices, and the dollar’s share of global foreign exchange savings is lower. Monetary attributes of gold correspond to the replacement of gold against the dollar system. In recent years, the US fiscal deficit and debt levels have been too high and the dollar’s credit and value may have been hit. As of the third quarter of 2023, the dollar was the United States dollar.
The decline in the share of the United States dollar has been replaced by several other currencies, accounting for 59.17 per cent of the world ' s open official foreign exchange reserves, with gold accounting for 15.2 per cent of global foreign exchange reserves by the end of 2023, as shown in figure 32: gold-dollar share of foreign exchange reserves
In 2023, against a background of geopolitical uncertainty and high inflation, the global market demand for gold amounted to 1,037 tons. Against a backdrop of changing patterns and increased uncertainty in the credit-currency system, the global market chose gold as a supplement to its credit-currency reserves, meeting both the characteristics of gold and the requirements of central bank reserves, for medium-sized banks.
According to the World Gold Association’s 2023 Central Bank Gold Reserve Survey, central banks are more pessimistic about the future role of the dollar than before, more optimistic about the future role of gold, with 62% of central banks saying that gold will have a larger share of the total reserve.
When markets are exposed to geopolitical tensions, recessions, currency devaluations, etc., the demand for gold as a hedge asset increases. The global financial crisis of 2007-2009, the new crown of 2020, and the year 2022
The conflict in Russia and Ukraine, the vix index has risen significantly, and gold prices are showing better. 3.3 At the end of the hike, the threshold of the gold cow market is expected to increase, and gold prices are expected to continue to rise.
The most effective pricing factor is the real rate of interest, taking into account the location of the macro-cycle. The trend of gold over the past four decades in the interest-raising and reduction process and the reasons for its change, with the end-of-interest increases in 2006 and 2018, saw a large increase in gold prices, from 339% to 70% from the bottom zone.
At the bottom of the index, gold monetary attributes were enhanced; in 2018, the price of gold was driven by low global interest rate policies and risk avoidance needs, mainly in the context of the global economic downturn and the rise in anti-globalization thinking. After the July 2023 hike, the Fed stopped raising interest for the sixth time, and after the Fed retained its expectation of three interest reductions in 2024, the current gold rose over $2,200.
The bottom of the gold price has risen by more than 30 per cent since 2023, and despite the expectation of early recovery, we expect that after the official interest rate reduction, the gold price is expected to be re-innovated by the risk-avoidance and currency-specific nature of the stacked gold. Figure 35: Gold Price Reciprocal (Gold: United States dollar/ounce, United States debt rate of return: per cent)
The gold stock is expected to rise in the centre of valuations. A review shows that the value of gold is moving away from the value of the gold stock most of the time, on the one hand, the market’s inherent value framework for cyclical shares and, on the other hand, the increase in the production and acquisition costs of gold enterprises raises concerns about their profitability.
The period is expected to benefit fully, and we believe that the gold-stock valuation hub will continue to rise as gold prices continue to rise. Figure 36: The gold price (US$/ounce) and the gold-stock market gains and gains, IV. Prospective profits & investment proposals
1) Production assumptions: The company is rich in mineral resources, Qinghai Qinghai is re-mining and the Chinese gold is the company’s main follow-up increase, and the company is dependent on the Shandong Gold Group, which has the resources to inject the expected amount. Based on the company’s production planning and progress on the mining project, we are $520/530/535/g, with a tax price of $6.3/6.5.6.7/g for silver and silver, respectively. Lead and zinc concentrates take into account the increase in the supply of the mines.
3) Cost assumptions: Given the potential cost increases associated with a decline in the grade of the mines, and the scope of the extraction process, we expect the production costs of lead concentrate units to be 8263.01/8510.90/8766.23 ton and zinc concentrate units to be 25 times, 22 times and 21 times, respectively.
The selection of a share of gold from the listed company Shandong gold, Chinese gold, Hong Kong gold and Hunan gold, taking into account better corporate resource endowments, asset injection expectations, potential for expansion, significant cost advantages, and the multiple factors of currency + financial + risk avoidance, currency attributes and commodity attributes, and if the combination of these factors results in large fluctuations in gold prices for the company
The growth in the size of corporate alloys, mineral silver, and lead zinc concentrates depends on the construction and production capacity of the mines, which, if not expanded as expected, will have an impact on the company’s income and profits.
In March 2020, she joined the Sindha Securities Research and Development Centre for basic metal research. Songyang, Master of Mechanical Engineering, Hong Kong City University, formerly worked on the National Gold Bond, joined the Sinda Securities in January 2024 for new materials and precious metals, etc.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.