002311.sz.
Ruddary, Reynand.
The company’s performance has grown steadily and continues to look forward to the company’s future development.
In the first three quarters of the year, the company's feeder industry was well-run, with a 7% increase in external sales, while the combined net profit of the first three quarters of the pig-breeding business has been reversed and farm-raising costs are now in the forefront of the industry. 2) The prices of pigs were not too low this year, and innovation is high, and the national average is now over $26.00 per kilogram, and we continue to appreciate this year's increase in the price of q4 pigs.
In the long run, corporate governance has a significant advantage, focusing on the 1 trillion-billion-dollar market in agro-industry, from fields to restaurants, in an orderly attempt and layout.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the pig farming business had achieved a reversal of losses, benefiting from a return to the cash flow of downstream pigs, poultry farming enterprises, better demand for related feed, and other products, and 2) aquaculture had reduced the supply of ponds due to weather effects, improved end prices and farm profits, and three quarters of farming and input incentives had begun to gradually recover, thereby boosting the company’s feed sales during the national holiday.
Newly high, with a national average price of more than $26 per kilogram, we continue to watch this year’s q4 pig price up, with China as the leader of the agricultural industry, covering the entire chain of farming, and the expectation that company performance will continue to benefit from the high rate of downstream farming. The market for fodder products is expanding steadily, and the elasticity of pig farming operations is evident.
In the feed business, companies have steadily expanded their sales of feed in the first three quarters of the year, totalling about 15.3 million tons, an increase of about 7 per cent over the same period. Companies have focused on improving organizational management efficiency, maximizing the advantages of middle-level management, ensuring rapid intra-firm connectivity, increasing market influence and implementing a three-tier research and development system that ensures forward-looking, sustainable output and rapid transformation of technology.
The promotion of management and R & D efficiency has led to sustained improvements in product competitiveness in the first three quarters of 2022 and the effective control over the cost of raw materials based on the industry-led procurement system for major traditional products, with a continuing advantage of over-profits. In pig farming, the company achieved a total of about 2.3 million pigs in the first three quarters of 2022, an increase of 73 per cent in the same year, and the January-September pig production business.
The company is now in the vanguard of the industry, with 2022h1 producing about 1.6 million meat pigs, corresponding to a net loss of about $396 million for the mother, a net loss of about $230 for the single head, and a significant improvement in the cost of integrated farming. The company continues to focus on the capacity-building and self-generating systems of pig farming, and the advantages of feed-side research and development and scale are evident. The future costs are expected to decrease further.
On the other hand, the company continues to scale up inputs and farm service station layouts, further improve service delivery systems, farm farmers' profitability and customer stickyness are effective, excellent management shapes team entropy reduction and evolution, and continuously helps companies to break through growth.
On the other hand, the company's business corresponds to a billion-billion-dollar market in agriculture from the field to the dining table, and the market space is wide. The company's market space is growing.
It is hoped that, at the same time, the market will continue to expand in the future in the field of agriculture and livestock. Investment is recommended: to continue to focus on the short term, where there is scope for an increase in the share of the company’s feed market, and where it is expected that the growth of the pig production project will lead to significant profits during the cyclical period.
See, the company’s management has a strong reputation for focusing on the 10 trillion-dollar market in the agro-industry, from fields to restaurants, the orderly death of an uncontrolled pig outbreak in the industry, and the cost pressures of uncontrollable increases in the price of food raw materials. The Sea Group (002311.sz)-2022 reported a mid-point assessment: q2 returns to the mother’s net profit margin improvement and is expected to continue to benefit from the hog price boom.
The annual report of the Sea Group (002311.sz) 2021 and the one-quarter review of 2022: short-term performance pressure, marginal improvement of pig and feed. Schedule: Financial projections and valuation. Author's assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author