A steady increase in the sale of fodder, with a reversal of the loss on the raw pig business Investment rating: purchase (maintenance) in January-August 2022, total national industrial feed production was 187 million tons, a decrease of 5 per cent from the same year.
In China, production of pork, egg and poultry, meat and poultry fell by 7.9 per cent, 5.4 per cent and 6.8 per cent respectively, while production of aquaculture increased by 15.1 per cent compared to 15.1 per cent compared to the previous year. In the larger context of the overall decline in the feed industry, the company sold about 15.3 million tons of feed during the previous three quarters, an increase of 7 per cent compared to the previous quarter, of which 1h 2022 was sold.
9.15 million tons of feed, an increase of 9.1 per cent over the same period, and 5.88 million tons of feed out of 2022q3, an increase of 3.9 per cent over the same period, exceeding the temperature range of water products in July-August of this year, the high incidence of aquaculture diseases, the passive reduction of inputs from farmers, the decline in demand for feed, and the poor state of livestock production.
This has led to a reduction in the supply of water products to ponds, which, although the prices of water products and the profits of farming are considerable, have decreased supply and have led to a weak season in the aquaculture feed industry, a flat level of company sales of water products and a return to high growth in September; and, with the rapid rise in livestock prices, the company resumed a high rate of increase in September.
Poultry and pig feed have also returned to rapid growth. Some 2.3 million pigs were born in January-September 2022, and q3 pigs grew by 700,000, an increase of 32% over the year.
Since June of this year, the pig-breeding industry has entered a profit period, with prices in July-September continuing to rise before the epidemic, with companies producing pigs at a cost of about $16 per kilogram.
The q3 pig industry is estimated to have made a profit of $400-500 million, and the first September company pig-breeding business had an impact on the purchase of pig prices at the end of q4, q3. The company's pig-breeding team has specialized farming skills, veterinary techniques, and environmental management techniques.
2. The annual report of the Sea Group (002311) provides an overview of how the cost of raising pigs can be reduced further.
Forage sales have increased steadily, and the focus has shifted to efficiency, a leading company in the feed industry in our country, with a full range of feed products, a clear product of excellence, core competitiveness, a feed business that continues to grow through a high cycle of growth; in addition, pig prices have moved to a new level.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.