Quarterly review: Farming operations are running out of money and feed operations are continuing to grow in reverse.
In the first half of the year, the company produced 1.6 million pigs, a significant increase in the same year; but, as a result of low prices, it lost $368 million in farm production and $230 per head. In the third quarter, the price of pigs rose so as to drive the farm business.
It is estimated that in the three quarters alone, the average price of the company's sales for pig production is about $20.8 per kilogram, a single profit of about $540, and a pig farming business of 378 million. The company continues to focus on pig production, team capacity-building and home-grown breeding systems, team management and professional development.
A step-by-step increase in the development and scale of feed ends, and an increase in the capacity to manage the combined farm costs, total equity/flow (million shares), is estimated to have reduced the combined cost of pig farming to $16.3/kg in three quarters alone.
Total market value/flow (millions of yuan) This level of management is already ahead of most peers. As of the end of the third quarter, productive biological assets have been at the highest/minimum level for 12 months.
Forage operations continued to grow in reverse. Forage sales in the first half of the year were 9.15 million tons, an increase of 9.1 per cent, and increased profit in terms of volume, with a significant combined advantage.
2018/04/25 degrees, with an output of 5.9 million tons, an increase of 5.16 per cent. Compared to the first half of the year, three quarters of the year saw a slight increase.
There has been a decline, but it is still above the industry level, and the market share is rising further. It is estimated that three seasons alone have an important advantage, driving rapid growth in performance, with a single ton of profit from feed operations exceeding $100, at a historically high level.
In October, the price of pigs passed past the pre-period high point (002311), and the feeder industry moved fast.
In the context of high industry performance, firms rely on their competitive advantages, and the level of profitability of their businesses, such as farming, cooking, etc., will rise further. Companies are constantly building up their R & D, purchasing, and incentive mechanisms, product power and management levels continue to rise, competition is evident, and the market is dominant.
We look forward to continued improvement. We see the firm's core competitive advantage and long-term development, with a “buy-in” rating. The company is expected to return to its parent net profit of $32.2/5130 million in 22/23, with the result that increased competition in the industry results in less than expected sales.
Profit projections and financial indicators: Quarterly: significant reversals in farm operations and persistent negative growth in feed operations Quarterly reviews: significant reversals in farm operations and persistent negative growth in feed operations
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Inc. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and operates securities licence No. 1348000. The opinions expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and comments in the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute an offer or request for quotations on the said securities.
Responsible. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies. The copyright in this report belongs to Pacific Securities Inc., unwritten.