Sinji Mountain Evidence, SEAG (002311.sz) Feed processing
The same rate of growth has shifted from negative to negative, and four quarters of the farm feed is expected to improve.
Farming and feed operations recovered in three quarters, adding up to the low base for the same period last year, and corporate performance reversed in three quarters at a similar rate.
According to the Chinese Association of Feeding Industries, total national production of raw materials fell by 5% in January-August. In the larger context of the overall decline in the industry, the sales of company feed were reversed.
Highest/lowest in the year: circulationa shares/total equity (billions): influence of factors such as the conflict, with prices of raw materials such as maize, wheat, soybean and soybean appearing significantly in the first half of the year
The market value of a share in circulation (billions): Increases. In the third quarter, the domestic maize spot price rebounded after a small rebound and remained high, and the domestic soybean spot price rose again after a previous round.
In physical terms, the rise in the price of feed materials such as corn beans has put some cost pressure on the domestic feed industry, and base data: 30 September 2022 SMEs lacking a size advantage and formula advantage or further exit from the market, thereby accelerating the industry
The company produced about 2.3 million pigs in the first three quarters of 2022, an increase of 73 per cent in the same year, benefiting from a recovery in the prices of pigs and a loss in the company’s production of pigs in the previous three quarters. In the first half of 2022, under the influence of low prices of pigs, the pig production industry was generally in a loss area.
The level of single-headed profits for self-sufficiency and for out-of-country pig farming has risen significantly from $329 per head in the first half of the year and -78 per head, respectively, to $577 per head and $731 per head in q3.
The recovery in production efficiency, corporate pig farming, which is running out of q3 and filling in the first half of the year, is expected to sustain high livestock prices, while farm profits are expected to remain high and feed demand is expected to recover further, driven by the demand for domestic meat consumption in the four quarters of the year.
We continue to recommend the Sea Group, the main logic of which is that: (1) \triangleright and annual performance are expected to return to a “negative area” in terms of quarterly performance trends; the first three quarters have gone out of the “negative area” at the same rate of performance;
(2) Higher prices of upstream raw materials since this year have put pressure on the feed industry, resulting in rapid exit of SMEs and further optimization of the corporate competitive environment; (3) improvements in animal materials and basics of pig-breeding operations by good companies with back-up prices; and (4) full buy-in by firm owners, highlighting the company ' s value for the company
\triangleright sales are lower than expected, and prices of raw materials, such as fish powder and corn beans, are less volatile. \ \ The present report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. \ I have not, for no reason, nor will I be subject to specific recommendations in the present report. \
The person undertakes not to use information held in his or her identity, position or practice for his or her own personal gain or for the personal gain of another person.