The price of the feed business has risen, and the profits from pig farming are flexible.
RMB 78,955 million, an increase of 22.76 per cent in the same year; net profit of RMB 2,202 million, a double gain in the same year and a significant increase in the q3 performance ring. Companies collected $32,629 million in the first three quarters of 2022, i.e. +24.91 per cent in the same year and the ring +23.72 per cent in the same year; net profit of RMB
The main reasons for the significant increase in profitability are: 1) q3 downstream farming profits are warming, leading to higher demand for feed, and improved company feed business; 2) the prices of pigs have been rising steadily since April, and the amount of feed business in the company has been increasing, and is expected to continue to improve as livestock production returns.
In the first three quarters of 2022, the company's feed business achieved an overall decline in the industry, with an increase of about $130/t in unit q3 ring q2, an increase of about $150/t in pig q3 ring q2, and an increase of $70-80/t in poultry q3 ring q2.
Higher unit prices, a marked improvement in company feed operations, and a steady increase in sales revenue. Looking q4, the profitability of downstream livestock farming is expected to increase further, leading to increased demand for water and animal feed consumption, and continued improvement in feed operations.
q4 pig prices are expected to run at high prices, and the profits of pig farming can be elastic.
According to the information received, the average price of q3 pigs was 22.42, and the increase in performance was as expected. The price of pigs has continued to run since the third quarter.
High, October is 28 yuan per kilogram high. With the effects of the degenerative effects of pre-production capacity and secondary fertility, the supply of pig production in the fourth quarter of the year is generally tight, and the market is gradually moving into the consumer season, we judge that the price of q4 pigs is expected to run at a high rate. Given the scale of the company’s pig production, it has grown.
Domestic feed poles, diversified industrial chains, and barriers. Given the continued improvement in the company’s core feed business, pig farming is expected to contribute to profitability, and the company as a whole is profitable.