International customer diversion strategy, accelerated import substitution for automated operations Incident: A new investment rating of a well-known European automobile company for the products of a combined power-driven electric power controller: buy-in (first time)
The targeted international customer demonstration is of great significance, helping to drive customers to open up and build supply chains. For the first time, electronic control products have broken through overseas markets, marking a company’s research and development manufacturing and quality management system.
International customer-motivation is the core growth force of the company’s new energy automobile business, and will significantly enhance the international influence of the company’s new energy products. Overseas customers’ “ends” are conducive to the development of domestic markets, driven by the international mainframe branding effect, R & D, R & D, R & D.
Management, manufacturing systems can be internationally integrated, supply-chain bargaining power will be significantly enhanced, and later scale effects will counter-feed supply chains, and companies’ new energy automobile operations are expected to enter a virtuous cycle. Domestic car customers enter the release period, and automobile electronics are expected to lose.
Automobile electronics are demanding R & D and manufacturing systems. Starting in 2016, the company invested nearly 800 R & D personnel, with equipment capital spending more than 300 million per year, while vehicle goods ranged from point to time.
By 2020, q1, the vehicle product had been set at more than eight mainframe plants in the country, serving as the main source of three new car-making forces, and entering the first-line system of supply, such as the Great Wall. We judge that, with the continued release of new fixed customers, the year 2020 is expected to be significantly reduced.
Automation accelerates the replacement of national production, and will become a watershed in the development of corporate automation operations in 2020. In February-May 2020, under the impact of the epidemic, competitors’ logistics and supply chains were damaged, production, manufacturing, and shipments were severely squeezed, and companies used “preservation strategies” to capture their share of the market.
By the end of February, Ancheon's orders in China had fallen by 22%, while the sum of the orders in the same period was projected to be 40% higher than in the same period. When the epidemic subsided, companies continued to take advantage of the power and channels of production to enhance distribution against the sinking market, and automated operations would maintain their reverse growth.
Changes in the organizational structure have increased efficiency and profitability. Companies are subject to bottlenecks in the customization model, leading to a decline in per capita income and profit growth rates, and constraints.
To this end, in 2019, the company launched its fourth organizational restructuring, agile process organization, and developed standard business processes to improve business efficiency. We believe that changes in corporate organizational structures are of two significance: one.
On the other hand, efficiency-oriented costs, profitability, and the most likely targets for smart manufacturing platforms, share of automation in the context of the epidemic.
With the rapid upswing, new energy and electricity controls over orders from overseas clients, organizational changes, the Department's profit-making nodes up, first recommended and “buy-in” ratings were awarded.1 Implementation of the sinking strategy was hampered;2 industrial automation was downgraded;3 and research and development of new energy vehicles was under way.
(b) 1x short-term vehicle pressure, with international customer towed power, the core parts of a new energy vehicle, achieving a conventional fuel vehicle-driven total (engine + speed)
The power drive consists mainly of power control, motors, and decelerations, in which the power is controlled to control electrical voltage or currents, to complete power-drilling and direction control. The company’s strategy is to extend technology to a platform – to a market platform – and to optimize value-generating capabilities, while at the same time, the company’s strategy is to use technology as a platform for extension – as a platform.
The power control is an extension of the company’s power electronics platform in the new energy car market. From 2010, the company deployed the new energy commercial vehicle, working in partnership with the largest bus provider in the country.
For the largest third-party power provider in the country, the technology platform extends from “single-controlled” products to “triple-and-a-half” integrated controllers. The domestic market for new energy commercial vehicles is more mature, with companies leading the industry.
Quality management system capabilities. By the end of 2018, eight domestic vehicles had been targeted, and in 2019 some of the models had been phased in. Chart 2 has developed a new energy vehicle business development path (red frame is the vehicle component). The company has developed a complete product system, including electrical controls, high-performance power plants, dc/dc power sources,
obc power sources, quintessential controllers, power-driven totals, power aggregates, etc., provide a combination of low-cost, high-quality product solutions and services for new energy commercial vehicles and vehicles.
On February 13, 2018 and March 26, 2019, the Ministry of Finance issued a new energy car subsidy adjustment policy, increased competition in the market, and continued to deteriorate in terms of industry profits, with overall sales of new energy vehicles falling by about 4 per cent in 2019, with larger declines in commercial use of vehicles. Companies were affected by the fall in subsidies by declining prices for commercial car electricity and Māori rates.
New energy vehicles are also in the early stages of market development, with smaller markets, and companies’ new energy vehicles are in the strategic stages of investment. International customers are more demanding on electronic car manufacturing systems, testing and automating production equipment requires significant capital spending, short-term new energy vehicles are becoming more profitable, and as firms are home-grown,
The plant is beginning to expand, and scale effects are expected to drive up profitability. Chart 4 is affected by the fall in subsidies, and revenue from new energy cars drops. Figure 5 is a significant drag on the Māori rate of new energy products by car.
We've chosen sharp lasers, Eston, Macro shares as a share of the valuation of the domestic automation industry, Tripod smarts, Ningde as core parts of a new energy vehicle, an average of 56x/42x for 2020-2021 and less than the average value of comparable companies.
Given that the company is now the most likely target of a share to grow into an intelligent manufacturing platform, the epidemic has seen an acceleration in the share of automation in the context of new energy and electricity controls breaking orders with overseas customers, organizational structures, changes, corporate profitability turning up, first recommended, “buy-in” ratings.
(b) Development of new energy vehicles has been hampered;
Appendix 4: The company's historical financial data Use of legally compliant information, independent and objective presentation of this report, data and information used in this report are made available from the market, the accuracy or completeness of these messages are not guaranteed by me, nor are there any changes to the information and recommendations contained therein. The information and observations in the report are provided only for information and observations.
Reference. I do not have, do not have, do not have, and will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of recommendation or opinion in this report.