The power of change, the power of engineering and the power of power are flying twice.
Chai Ka Fai, who is a co-organizer of general automation, new energy vehicles, elevators, etc.
Trade lighthouse customers, targeting for import replacements, became the head of a domestic transformer; in '09, they took the lead in setting up servers, placards, and in '13 breakthroughs, 15 years of implementation of a presidential system in the general domain, with effective breakthroughs in electronics, lithium power, light voltage, textiles, metallurgicals, etc., and more general automation than in the shoulder of Siemens, abb.
Cars, 16 big lifts, 19 years of acquisition of Bestte to improve the layout, now forming three major industries: Engineering Control (Golden Cow business), Elevators (Cow business), New Energy Motors (Rhino business). “Wain-Emerson” manages genes, focusing on research and development, solutions and industry marketing, strategic precision and core competitiveness,19
China was founded in 1987, with many rounds of change that have been facilitated since 97 years by such fine extraterrestrials as ibm, and which have led to the growth of the company's size and operational efficiency.
Since 19th, the Sinkkawa has been undergoing organizational change by engaging a consultancy team created by the former executive to assist in the planning of a series of change projects, including corporate governance (cg), strategy (sm), marketing (ltc/mcr), research and development (ipd), supply chain (isc), human resources (ihr), the first three core projects launched in October 19 with the objective of:
Building a “customer-centred, agile, process-oriented organization,” with the transformational core competitiveness, organizational efficiency, and strategic capacity further up to the goal of doubling per capita output over five years. The dominant industries are recovering strongly, new products and solutions, and organizational change is driven by three wheels, with a growing number of people.
China's manufacturing automation has just begun at the point of nudity, with industrial controls being the jewels on the crown of the manufacturing industry, local brands, weak industrial controls from the start of the China-United States trade war in June of the year, intensified trade in May of 19 and q1-4 q4 picked up in 19 years, and the Chinese indicator pmi, solid-drop, machinebed, robotics sales, etc., improved.
The demand for a masked machine solution remains strong, and downstream demand, such as electric, photovoltaic, and lithium power, has remained strong, with only the project-based market resumed temporarily and temporarily depressed, and is expected to improve in the second quarter. Reconciling rivers is dependent on the dominant industries of lithium, photovoltaic, and electronics to take the lead in a strong recovery and seize the opportunities of the masked industry.
Foreign peer pressure has accelerated import substitution in industries like wind and power, and o1 orders are clearly over-expected, reflecting a strong business of alpha. At the same time, companies have initiated organizational change, raised cohesion, introduced a new generation of serviles, plc, and so on in 19 years, and are expected to roll out cnc in 20 years, as we believe, like the mid-16-mid-18 Presidential system.
In the post-GSB period, general-purpose automation is expected to return to over 30% of the growth range. The power plant has a thick and thin hair volume, which will open the clouds and create a new bridge in the future. The power plant is the most critical part of the electric vehicle, except for batteries, and is expected to have a global power-control market of over 100 billion in 2025.
The exclusive power supply control became the largest consumer in the country in 15 years. By the end of 16th year, the big lifts were used in motors, 1st, Hitchuan Technology (300124), fast-tracking, building electrical control products on the Toto Engineering Platform, and working together to complete the power supply, decelerate, dc/dc, obc.
A little over-expected profit, a short-term engineering plan, a 800-plus research and development team, a cumulative 2 billion-plus investment in research and development, and a global first-class dynamic, with clear momentum, 2020-03-01.
The current pattern of high-end motor control competition is dominated by overseas Bozo, Fareo, Bogner, and Japanese electricity, which allows only the country to compete with each other. In terms of car customer outreach, the company’s 19-year-old VW, car and 2, HUT Technologies (300124): Annual Report
At the end of the year, the Internet Cars started at the beginning of the year and continued to do so for 20 years, and 19 years of successful first-line cars, Great Walls, etc.b are forecast to meet expectations, the industrial controls have improved at the bottom, at the start of the year 20, and will continue to build up a point in the future, while the International Motors Overseas has two successful destinations in 19 years.
This year it is expected to continue to break two to three. In 19 years, commercial vehicle products were reduced by prices and cars were not up, and elevator-related operations were expected to lose.
There are complementarities in the products, both to accelerate the expansion of trans-national customers and to enrich the large-scale solution of the escalators. Elevator operations are profitable, cash flows are good, and they are long-term stable growth in the cash flow module.
The industrial sector is a conglomerator: high-quality operations, excellent performance, 1.1.16 years of sedimentation, coordinated development of three main industries 16 years of sedimentation, automation from single products to industrial solutions, and coordinated development of three main industries.
Since 2008, companies have been keenly aware of the long-term difficulties of a single frequency transformer operation, have begun to refine their automated products, and have started to operate on servers and plc. In 2013, they began to move into the field of industrial robotics and automobile electronics.
In 2019, it was proposed to change the structure of operations from the "two kings" to the "three cows" by acquiring a large number of Bestebret elevators.
1. Prior to 2003: In the early stages of domestic automated enterprises, China ' s automated market began relatively late. Since the 1980s, with the gradual start of China ' s manufacturing industry, the domestic industrial and regulatory market has undergone a process that began from importing foreign-owned equipment to domestic firms.
In 2003-08, the fission was born of the “Was” and committed to the civilianization of vector variability.
China’s economy grew rapidly after the twenty-first century, and demand for industrial and regulatory markets rose rapidly. In 1993, China’s current-rate market was less than 400 million yuan, reaching 2.8 billion yuan in 1999 and nearly 15 billion yuan in 2008. The larger market potential attracted a number of foreign leaders, such as Siemens, abb, Mitsubishi, and Ancheon.
Taiwan’s two brands – Hua-Emmerson – are fission in the domestic market. The epoch is represented by British Witten: China, after selling its subsidiary Ann-Sang Electric to Em-Sheng in the course of the year 01, several years later, the cores left and started dozens of companies, including Harikawa Technology, Blue Sea Waterteng, and Magmiti Principal.
“Civilization, popularization of vectors!” HSBC’s hard technology and strong management has made the market a success. More than 30 people from the HSBC’s business team, inherited from China’s wolf marketing culture and specialist marketing system, took over the market quickly, using vector-frequency technology, during a period when local transformers dominated the v/f controlled products.
The company's share of the market in terms of sales was 1.1 per cent, 1.6 per cent and 1.8 per cent in 2006-2008, with the elevator industry accounting for 4.3 per cent, second only to British Witten (2.4 per cent) in local brands, and is steadily rising. “Services are the core products of automation in the future!”, with high technology start-up, high-end positioning, and continued import substitution.
With the upgrading of manufacturing, it is difficult for single-frequency transformer products to meet downstream demand, and Eston has only 1.6% share in the machine tools, plastics, textiles, etc.
Building on the accumulation of R & D and autonomous R & D in the mutagenic industry, the creation of the Milan R & D Centre has brought external wisdom to the early completion of some of the servo system development of the IS500 series, the positioning of high-end, one-to-one-extension pole clients, the full expansion of the print, machine-bed, plastic, textile and electronics markets, etc., and the beginning of a breakthrough at the end of the market 13 years or so.
Upgraded to 10% in 18 years in the domestic market and top of the domestic capital base. Sinkkawa has developed a plasticizer servo pump system (is300 series server drive +ismg1 series power), stats automatic door controller nice900, electric soluble motors and drivers, bedroom double-colour machines/on-board high speed fixes.
Switching servers, full power control systems, etc.. The first area to be served is to seize the opportunity to blend from hydraulics to fluids, and to seize the market in 2010 when foreign firms do not have access to them.
Solutions, leading the product industry. In '08, EDS products were sold only over 1 million at the time of their launch, in '09 GDS only over 6 million, in 2015 nearly 200 million UDPs and 150 million at the top of domestic suppliers, projected for '19.
More than 800 million universal servers and 260 million electric fluid servers have been installed in the first echelon. The single elevator operation in the area of the converter has expanded rapidly and the frequency + the co-server has increased its co-drive income.
The number of hours used to debug the elevators has been reduced from half a day to half a hour. The company took the lead in using the lighthouse client Jiangnan Kaje, and opened it to other elevator manufacturers. In 2007, the single elevator business reached only 33.9 million, in 2013 it reached 784 million, and in 2007-2013, the cagr = 56.6%, the change frequency + server co-drivers increased their income, and in 2013 they collected 1,726 million yuan, compared.
In 2016-19: Automated + New Energy Automobile Electrical Control “Single Kings” with a keen sense of smell in the market first to publish the new energy automobile industry. New energy cars in the country were just beginning in 2013, producing only 363,000 new ones, while the Hitchuans had accumulated considerably in each other, with the creation of the Automobile Electronics Department in August, and the creation of the Automobile Electronics Department.
After providing a power-driven system for Gilly Panda, the electrical controllers of Tarantha, Jianghuai, and Hai Ma Pulima were developed, and a strategic cooperation agreement was signed with Woo-tung in 2012 to begin the development of a combined integrated electrical control system. From 13 years on, commercial cars have been very productive, and their customers have broken through. From 13 years on, Chu has been conscious.
The development of electric vehicles will become an irreversible trend, and after several years of development, commercial cars are now very productive, with passengers tied to lighthouse customers, special cars tied to head customers, with a market share of more than 35%. With heavy layouts starting in the second half of the year, the harvest phase is now under way. In the second half of the year, the company decided to split the shares.
Over the years, $2 billion has been invested in electric vehicle research and development, creating over 800 research and development teams, accounting for about a third of the company’s research and development staff, and generating about a quarter of the company’s research and development inputs. Together in the area of cars, we have been able to create a total of electric + electrical + deceleration power, and we are now able to compete with mainstream players such as combined electricity, solar power, Japan, Bogwala, McGana, etc.
The household has accumulated high-quality domestic customers such as Wilma, Peng, Cars and Homes, Hiro, Wall, Gilly, and Psa, Lotus overseas.
Bester is the leading domestic elevator parts and components company, with human interfaces, buttons, monitors, etc. in the lead in the industry. When business integration is completed, the "3 cow" business model, and the three major industries are developing together.
(b) Gold cow operations: mainly generic, self-motivated operations, with high requirements for expected future income growth, but with no higher demand for profit growth, continued and increased investment; and (c) rhinoceros operations: mainly new-energy automobiles, with the greatest returns, the greatest risks and the greatest volume of risk.
Positioning is the business that companies will be able to move beyond development in the future. 1.2. High bargaining power in core products, leading to stable and strong profitability and horizontal expansion, has increased corporate revenue from 160 million to 5.87 billion since 07, with annual growth and net profits from
In 19 years, as a result of the low industry climate and increased pressure on new energy sources, the growth rate slowed and the profits fell. But, in contrast to the champions of overseas countries, the business development in Sinkuan is still very early.
Dragonhead Ancheon, Fatako, Rockwell, Omron, Delta, etc., received $4 to $8 billion in volumes, and the combined power and gas equipment, at Emerson, abb, Schneider, Hornewell, Siemens and others, received $17 to $100 billion in volumes, and $1 billion, which is also significantly lower than those of their counterparts abroad, and is still in the early stages of development.
In recent years, there has been a decline in the combined Māori ratio in the Hong Kong SAR, but there has been a high rate of bargaining over core products. The company’s combined Māori ratio has increased in the near-trading and Béster’s elevator parts; and (2) an increase in the large proportion of elevators, with a relatively low Māori ratio of spare parts.
The profit margin is higher than that of our peers. Also compared to our overseas counterparts, the 18-year-old Roe is 18.7 per cent higher than most of our counterparts, with a 20.6 per cent net interest rate on sales, which is second only to the top 10 comparable companies that we have selected, showing greater profitability.
1.3. Strong regulation of genetic + three-wheel drive to create high competitive barriers More than 30 people from the Sinkuan Technology Enterprise Group, inherited from the Chinese wolf marketing culture and specialist marketing system, integrated with the Chinese vector-to-frequency technology and the control technology of Emerson, and the location of the high end of the transformer to target the larger market for import substitution.
From the beginning of the company in 2003 to the present, the nuclear team has undergone some changes, but the core members are always present and have a strong continuity. In the current situation, General Director Zhou Bin, Automotive Director Lee Joon-ta, Robots Director Liu Woo-chun, Director of Research and Development Lee Joon-ja,
The core members of Ping, Director General of Finance Liu Jinxin and Director General of Supply Chain Yang Chun Lo are among the 19-person teams in the early stages of creation: Tung Hae-bo, Director General of Electricity, has also run elevator operations for more than five years, and a solid and coherent management team is an important driver of the continuous innovation of the performance of the Department.
(i) Research and development: high-level R & D inputs, positive output cycles R & D-driven companies, high-level R & D inputs, high-level workforces and R & D platforms.
On the other hand, the R & D costs of companies as a percentage of revenue are no less than 10 per cent; R & D costs 712 million in 18 years, compared to + 20 per cent of the largest industrial automated R & D workforce in the country, and the R & D workforce has continued to grow significantly since the deployment of new energy vehicles in the last two years, reaching 1913 in the 19h R & D team; and (iii) in the R & D platform, the investment of S & D in basic R & D has been concentrated in S & D.
Strong platforms, combined with industry applications, have introduced industry solutions, and the most powerful automated platforms have been created in the industrial and regulatory fields, and the new energy vehicles sector has created a world-class powered platform, with industry solutions and research and development-sales mutually reinforcing, taking into account the needs of the various industries.
On the one hand, talent is being introduced at the top, and on the other hand, industrial automation and motivation are the strongest in the country in the next 10 years of the training system. After the company's listing, it also values the introduction of external talent. In 2011, a research and development centre was set up in Italy, bringing leading international service experts to help the company quickly break through the high-end service.
In 2013, the IS600p/is620p series was launched. In new areas, such as robotics, electric cars, too, emphasis was placed on the introduction of high-end external talent. In addition, companies had a well-developed talent development system, with graduates from 985 and 211 institutions starting in '08.
Yellow Shirts, who have in-house training in key R&D and marketing jobs, play a key role. Efficient R&D drives rapid technological shifts, the structure of a company’s industrial-controlled product goes through a process of product-based programmes, product-based monolithic enrichment, and the focus on users’ needs is painful, as exemplified by the one-in-one elevator.
plc/dcs/cnc/industrial control/human interface frequency changer/server drive/integration and auto/direct drive/direct flow speed, etc.
(ii) Marketing: specialist marketing system, continuous search for lighthouse customers, company-owned expert marketing system, continuous search for lighthouse customers. The company inherited Chinese marketing.
Genes, wolf culture and professional systems, sensitive to industry development and market change, targeting government investment, industrial upgrading and new industries and ecology, looking for “lighthouse users” for the preferred industries, breaking down, cutting in from point to point, targeting priorities with effective resources, and expanding from point to point, combining technological advantages.
Product marketing - industry marketing - industry chain marketing. Production relationships continue to upgrade, reaching deep downstream to provide specialized services for decentralized downstream, from selling parts to solutions.
Timely response to market demand: adopt a direct sales model for a small number of high-volume and individualized priority clients. Figure 18: Corporate marketing models evolved with business models Figure 19: Corporate management models of “direct sales + distribution”
(iii) Strategies: M & As have a good vision, such as increased R & D input from the inner-life side of the company, and extend to direct M & As on the one hand, and industry on the other. M & As funds continue to search for overseas targets, and company M & As are almost always extended to product lines and industries, and M & As are suitable for bid acquisition.
Since its establishment in February 2016, the Fund has twice extended the follow-up collection period, with a total acceptance of contributions increasing from 600 million to no more than 1.5 billion.
The sum of $800 million (all partners have already pledged $801 million) has now been paid out by the Sinkkawa technology, which has actively sought cooperation with leading international companies, and has continued to make up for the technology. In 2016, the Sink has significantly accelerated the pace of research and development of electric vehicle products through industry funds and strategic cooperation with the Swiss brusa; and in 2018, through European companies.
The company’s ability to solve the problem is enhanced through the acquisition of German pa, the introduction of cnc products and their localization. The technology is constantly working with the international first-class demand through outreach.
The annual income capr grew by only 16 per cent in combination, while following the deepening of industry marketing, the vigorous introduction of such systems as the Presidentate, and the provision of a monthly increase, the Chairman of the Corporation, Chu Heming, invested 43.4 per cent of the equity through SWI, and 7.77 per cent indirectly, plus 5.34 per cent directly, held 13.11 per cent of the total equity in the company and was the actual controller of the company.
The management (of which Tang Jing has separated) holds direct shares of 18.18%, plus indirect holdings through the investment in the Hong Kong River, with the company’s core management team holding more than 30% of the shares, a clear equity structure, and a high share of the core management team. Equity incentives are regularized every two or so years, central and upper core cadres are largely covered, and management and staff move.
The company focused on employee incentives, with four successive rounds of equity incentives introduced since its listing in October 2010, the latest of which has been under way. But the 19-year target for equity incentives, which has been affected by the downside of the industry’s new energy vehicle business, is expected to be difficult to achieve, and the related costs of the previous period are expected to be reversed.
In this context, Sinkkawa proposes a goal of organizational change, with China as the anchor, and the introduction of China as the top tube.
The background external consulting team has acquired the wisdom to plan for three years of in-depth organizational change to create a client-centred, fast-paced, process-oriented organization that will eventually meet the goals of a recovery rate and per capita efficiency gains.
After years of development, China received 1.5 billion dollars, more than 10 billion dollars in 1999, more than 100 billion in 2008 and 858.8 billion in 2019.
1.1987-1997: Before change: 97 years ago, China was like a loose organization made up of a group of guerrillas, managers from different sectors of the company and from different regions.
It is the right of the public to adopt different management methods, and although the company’s “intelligent, radical” (or legitimate) influences the fast-growing market environment and China’s high- and middle-level personal capacity, the revenue collected by China is almost every year 2.1998-2003: the first round of changes under the influence of the Basic Law and ibm:
In order to escape the chaos of management, in 1996-1998, China drafted the Basic Law of the Company, which consolidated the principles of governance in different sectors, with the help of six senior professors, while in 1997 he led several senior executives to visit United States companies in an attempt to solve the problem of management, and soon sent more than 70 consultants to guide China.
In order to manage change, information technology strategies and planning, integrated product development changes, integrated supply chain system changes, etc., have been completed. At this stage, rights have been brought together to the company’s head office, and the rate of increase in harvests has declined as volume has grown, but the medium and high speed, cagr = 33%, has been maintained.
(1) Milestones of change: ipd (integrated product development) change. ipd is a landmark project in the history of change, the concept of which was derived from ibm. At that time, China was a failed R & D management and a long product development process facing: 1) the imbalance between technology development and product development and the uncontrollable cycle of technology failure; 2) the lack of standards to guide product development.
Process, decision-making on product development is influenced by market personnel' “personal capabilities”; 3) client needs are not matched with development efficiency. In this regard, China has introduced a series of changes under the ipd ideology: 1) a cross-sectoral research and development team has been set up, each team being represented in a cross-sectoral research and development team to participate in the entire product development cycle; 2) generalists
Standardizing processes and templates: 3) development of a market-based performance evaluation system; 4) redefinition of the “client-centred” market benefits of products to include staff appraisal indicators.
84 weeks have been significantly reduced to 54.5 weeks in 2007; product failure rates have been significantly reduced, from 17 per cent in 2001 (2) to lower efficiency gains: asc (changes in integrated supply chain systems). Unlike the ipd changes, the isc changes are not well-developed template references, while the ibm supply chain systems are still in the exploratory phase, ibm in the process of the Chinese Isc changes.
Mainly responsible for providing theoretical guidance on supply chain systems. The pre-change China supply chain practice was simply unable to sustain its business expansion: 1) timely delivery of orders is only 50%, while the average for international manufacturers of other telecommunications equipment is 94%; 2) Chinese inventory turnover is 3.6 times/year, and the average for international manufacturers of telecommunications equipment is 9.4 times/year; 3)
In response to the above, China has made significant improvements in process, int system, and organizational structure under the guidance of an ibm consultant. Following the completion of the 2003 change, China increased its expected client satisfaction by 15-30%, and its stock turnover rate increased by 15-30%.
2003-present: profound organizational restructuring, financials, customer relations, sales changes: In 2003, with the help of the Mercantile Consultancy, China introduced the Business Management Group (EMT) system and began implementing a new system of collective strategic decision-making; in 2011, China began the roll-over system, expanding with the size of the company.
Zhang, the organizational structure has evolved from a centralized to a moderate degree of decentralization. In 2007, with the help of ibm and PricewaterhouseCoopers, the company began to implement an integrated financial and economic services system change. The same year, the marketing management system/customer relationship management system changed.
(i) Business management: from emt to wheel ceo. Early China was small and focused on core product development, company management was linear, leadership was concentrated on single leaders, and, as the size of the company grew, single leaders’ problems became apparent: 1) highly dependent on top leaders; 2) intersectoral communication was not smooth enough; (3)
Incentives, control issues, and value-seeking issues are emerging. Since 2003, China has been working with the Mercantile Consultancy to rebuild the organizational structure and leadership structure, and from 2002 to 2011, China has been building a management team for collective decision-making (emt) in place of a single ceo leadership system, with a matrix structure organized by the business module (bu), which will be followed by a management team.
The market unit organization (mu), the delivery support platform and the supporting functional organization (fu), however, as the size of China expands, the distance between the centralized platform and front-line staff is increasing. In 2011, China officially launched the real-time ceo system, and the business management team of the group evolved into the executive body of the Board of Directors, the Standing Committee.
Structurally, three client-oriented operations bg (group organizations): operators bg, enterprises bg and consumers bg, each with their own business management teams at the bg level, and decentralized decision-making bg. Overall, the structure of the organization has evolved to accommodate different sizes and stages of development.
The first round of financial and economic management changes was introduced with the harmonization of accounting policies, accounting processes, accounts and controls, or “four harmonizations”. Around 2007, with the expansion and accelerated globalization of the size of China, new issues began to be exposed: 1) Operating risks: the cost of overseas engineering projects and profitability are difficult to estimate, while revenue recognition is also the case
(ii) Financial efficiency: low turnover of accounts receivable, high pressure on cash flow and successive low profit margins. Thus, the IFS changes (ifs) initiated in 2007 with the help of ibm were divided into two steps, the first phase of the period 07-10 addressed primarily the issue of communication and connectivity between the financial and business sectors, and the second phase of the period 10-13 was dominated by