The price of the product fell, with a 14 per cent drop in the 19-year net return on the same year - China Oil 2019.
The company published its annual 2019 report, which generated 2.5 trillion yuan in 2019, an increase of 6 per cent in the same year, 45.7 billion yuan in the mother ' s net profit, a decrease of 14 per cent in the same year, and 53.5 billion in the mother ' s net profit, a decrease of 20 per cent in the same year.
According to company announcements, in 2019, 2.5 trillion yuan was collected, an increase of 6 per cent, 45.7 billion yuan for the mother, a decrease of 14 per cent for the mother, and 53.5 billion dollars for the mother, a decrease of 20 per cent for the same year. The increase was mainly due to increased sales of oil and gas products, and the net loss was mainly due to falling product prices. The exploration cost was 20.8 billion dollars, an increase of 11 per cent for the same year, mainly an increase in exploration work.
Sales, general and management costs are 68.6 billion, a decrease of 8 per cent from the same year, mainly due to efficiency gains in corporate open-sources, strict control over non-production-type costs and the impact of the implementation of new lease standards. Exploration and production plates are the main source of corporate profits, and low oil prices will result in short-term performance pressures.
In comparison with the trend of depth 300, the Unit divided its operations into four major plates: exploration and production, oil refining and chemicals, sales, natural gas and pipelines. In 2019, total profits amounted to $133.4 billion, of which exploration and production contributed 96.1 billion, or 71 per cent.
Exploration and production: 676.3 billion revenues in 2019, an increase of 2.7 per cent in the same year, 150 million tons of crude oil produced in 2019, an increase of 36 per cent in the same year, a decrease of 11 per cent in the average crude oil price of $61 per barrel per barrel, and an increase of 30.7 per cent in the operating cost per unit of oil and gas of $12.11 per barrel, based on annual reports, of approximately $12.5 per cent in 2019, corresponding to the completion of the company ' s crude oil operation.
In the short term, oil prices will operate at a low level, with companies exploring and producing plates under pressure. In the long run, as demand is driven by economic recovery increases, we judge that oil prices will continue to warm for more than $50 and that the exploration and production plates will recover.
In the short term, the pattern of excess domestic refining capacity is difficult to reverse quickly as private-sector refining projects continue. In the long run, the plate’s profitability is expected to recover as policies drive the elimination of backward capacity and the recovery of downstream demand.
Sales: $216,5.4 billion in 2019, an increase of 8 per cent in the same year. The profits from plate operations are $570 million, as a result of a combination of enhanced marketing measures by companies and the promotion of internal price marketing.
Total operating profits were $26.1 billion, an increase of 2.3 per cent over the same period; international oil prices declined; the pace of the phase-out of backward capacity slowed.
Yang Jianxing: The Nanjing University Land Department, in conjunction with the United States Department of Chemicals, University of Rutgers, developed a PhD (Earth Detection and Information Technology, Calculating Chemical and Hydrocarbon Resources) in geochemistry. In October 2014, he joined the civil securities industry for industrial studies in the direction of petrochemicals and building materials. In 2015, the author of SkyEnds had the qualification or equivalent professional competence of a securities investment consulting firm granted by the Chinese Securities Association, ensuring that the data used in the report were derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,