China's largest nuclear power development in the country.
We believe that the level of valuation of China's Guangnu has remained stable. The equity is a security with a payback package, the largest involvement of China's nuclear power industry, and the present value of the company's future cash returns to shareholders. From this point on, the company will value the water.
The only platform for the ultimate integration of the nuclear power operations of the China Wide Nuclear Group, the controlling shareholder, the main product of which is electricity, the public will depend on the cash flow generated by existing assets, the cash flow generated by future assets, the financing structure of the company, the financial structure of the company.
The Division manages the share of the country in transport, nuclear installed capacity in construction, reinvestment rates of return and dividends, which do not change much at this point in time. The company’s existing assets will remain stable in cash flow.
From this year onwards, the company’s inner fleet in Guangdong will be involved in the marketing process for the next three to six months.
The average price of electricity before the company is similar. The company’s cost of electricity generation depends mainly on the price of uranium, and the current public debt and cross-equity presentation: the division plans the uranium for electricity generation three to five years in advance, so the company’s cost of electricity generation is also within the available time.
The company's future construction of nuclear power assets is expected to accelerate, potentially increasing shareholder returns. Nuclear power is a clean energy source, a base load, and the only energy source currently available to replace the base load of fire power supply, with a three-year interim bill of $1 billion from 2018-10-19.
So far, the company has now issued a three-year three-year interim bill for 2019-07-24, and the ownership of the assets is still a major shareholder, and the price of the company is subject to asset assessment, and the new unit is purchased.
The financing structure will also affect shareholder returns, but the experience of currently visible hydroelectric units injected into listed companies suggests that the infusion of new assets left some room for return for shareholders. The net asset return is now 10.93% in Guangning, China, and is medium in a listed company.
52 weeks of equity price range forecast and investment rating: we expect the company to double its net return profit in 2021-2023. Taking into account the importance of company nuclear power for our energy clean-up, we maintain the “recommended” rating.
Leaking on " Guangning, China (003816): A clean energy supplier who returns stability " : in the report " Hiroker, China (003816): a steady return
In section 2.2, we state that “according to the current distribution of corporate dividends, about 10 billion dollars per year, accounting for about 33 per cent of the company's free cash flow; the remaining 20 billion dollars are retained for reinvesting in the public sector”; it should read as follows: “In the company's consolidated statements, the company distributed dividends, profits in 2019 and 2020.
The amount of cash paid for interest payments is 17,476 million and 17,144 million, and the financial costs are 7,813 million and 7,894 million, respectively, which is the basis for calculating the company's combined returns for dividends and profits of about 10 billion and accounts for about one third of the free cash flow of the company's consolidated statements. We apologize for the inconvenience and confusion caused to listed companies and investors by the above errors.
We will continue to control the quality of the study, improve professional standards and contribute to its excellence on a continuous basis, thank you for your consistent support! 1. The importance of corporate nuclear power for our energy clean-up, among other things, is maintained by maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The company’s current market value still represents the present value of its future dividends, and we still believe that the current market value of China’s Hiroshima represents the present value of its future dividends, and that in future nuclear power construction, such as large-scale accelerations, investors will increase their approval of the company’s reinvestment. The company is putting in a post-construction unit (not including the nuclear power unit held by the major shareholders), combining the free cash flow of the report.
At about $30 billion, according to the current distribution of corporate dividends, about $10 billion is distributed annually, accounting for about 33% of the company’s free cash flow: the remaining $20 billion is retained in the company to reinvest. We use the free cash flow method to calculate the company’s fair market value.
Assuming that the company ' s profit distribution policy remains unchanged, i.e. that the annual dividends of the combined statements are approximately 33 per cent of the company ' s free cash, the result is that the company ' s prices of electricity have fallen, the company ' s financing costs have increased or the construction of nuclear power projects has progressed or is expected to be low.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, Guangcho, China (003816): There should be greater development of the path to carbon stabilization.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth,
B.A., Shanghai University of Transport, andba (financial direction), University of Manchester, joined East Hing Securities Bonds, Huaihai Securities and Wah Tai Associated Securities, Abb, May 2019. Lead team in the preparation of the 2016, 2017 and 2018-2019 editions of the China Battery Industry Yearbook; invited to serve as Green Sweden
Shen Yifan, Master of Arts, Cornell University, and Bachelor of Arts, New York University, served in China to build the China East Electric Design Institute, five years of experience in infrastructure development, and participated in it.
These include the design of various types of power stations, including fire power, nuclear power, hydroelectric power, combustion engines, photovoltaics, wind power, and garbage power generation, which were joined in July 2018 as proof of his research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.