Silver World Wide Market's Wisdom Investment Corp. Update. 603259ch. Biosecurity Bill probably failed.
On December 7, local time, the Military Committee of the United States Senate and the House of Representatives announced the 2025 fiscal defence authorization bill (national defenseathraction), which was negotiated at the end of the bicameral committee.
The bill is pending signature by the President of the United States. The biosafety bill (biosecurity act, number s.3558/h.r. 8333) has not been included in the amendment for the 2025 fiscal year ndaa, which means that the biosafety bill has failed in its attempt to pass the legislative path of accession to the ndaa. The biosafety bill can still be pushed.
Chinese medicine is in a stand-alone legislation, but given the two-week window period, we believe that the success rate of the stand-alone legislation is extremely low.
We see that companies will maintain a strong competitive edge in the global pharmaceutical research and development industry chain and maintain a stable market share. Moreover, we expect to drive performance repair as global biomedical finance recovers, corporate orders continue to grow rapidly, multipolar operations grow at a high rate.
This morning, cfa, the final version of Ndaa, negotiated by the House of Representatives, was published and does not contain a biosafety bill. We believe that this reflects the resistance of the biosafety bill to the legislative process in the United States Congress.
The only member of the Senate who voted against the biosafety bill in March this year was Rrumpaul, a senior member of the House ' s Homeland Security Commission.
The House of Representatives voted on the Biosafety Bill (h.r. 8333) on September 9 and is still waiting for a full Senate vote, as well as the President’s signature, to complete the legislative process. With only two weeks left for the current session of Congress, we believe that the window period is very short, and that the success of separate legislation is extremely low.
▪ It is expected that the company will continue to be a global leader in chemicals cdmo in the medium to long term, and that it will be more difficult for its counterparts abroad. We have collated 30 companies in Europe, the United States, and India working in the api and chemical cdmo industries and found that these companies are significantly behind in terms of volume of income and output inputs.
Deutsch. Indian companies specializing in api and chemical cdmo supply bulk and characteristic raw materials, with relatively limited involvement in the field of innovative medicines. The research and development team of Indian peer companies is small compared to Mingconde. The pharmaceutical industry in Europe has a better base, with many of the region’s oldest chemicals.
cdmo. But the cdmo company in Europe has a heavy agent business. At the same time, their production capacity (rm 603259chshcomp (rebased)
Consider the recovery in global biomedical finance, and the rapid growth of orders. Because of the recovery in overseas biomedical finance and the resilience of Mnc pharmaceutical companies’ research and development inputs, drug demand has already reflected the needs of overseas clients.
Growth sought. Corporate hand orders grew by 35 per cent over the year to the end of September, with Tides orders recovering over the same year, pulling firm orders up fast. Figure 3: Dcf Model Sensitivity Analysis