Purchase orders maintained a high growth trend and earnings earned improved quarterly rounding 29 October 2024 Event: 28 October 2024, 3-quarterly report by Pharmatin Condé, first three quarters of the company
\triangleright continues the trend of high growth in hand orders in the first half of the year, and the income recovery of overseas clients accelerates.
By region, the United States earns $17.62 billion, with a non-new crown growth rate of 7.6 per cent, Europe ' s income cdmo commercialization project remains strong, and tides ' business orders and capacity rises rapidly. (1) wuxi \triangleright
The number of delivered molecules increased by 7 per cent compared to the previous three quarters of d&m by $12.47 billion, a 7.0 per cent increase in non-new crowns and 915 new molecules, including new commercialization and clinical treatment.
iii Phase 20, Singapore R & D and production base for capacity-building, is under construction and is expected to be operational in 2027; Tides ' operations have developed rapidly and generated revenues of $3.55 billion in the previous three quarters, a 71.0 per cent increase over the previous three quarters.
Review: fast-growing hand orders, small molecule cdmo taps, will generate more than 60% of Tides ' income throughout the year. (2) Wuxitting earned $4.62 billion in the first three quarters of the year.
In the first three quarters of the year, the income of the laboratory analysis test fell by 4.9 per cent, with 32.6 billion yuan, the growth of the q3 income ring, the growth of the multipolymersal tube line and production capacity, and a steady 16 per cent increase in corporate profitability. (3) wuxibiogy earned 1.8 billion yuan, a 3.6 per cent decline in the same year.
The new molecule-related income increased by 6.0 per cent over the same period and became an important downstream entry point. (4) wuxiatu earned $850 million in the first three quarters, a decrease of 17.0 per cent over the same period, mainly due to the completion of the high Maori project and the proposed bill in the United States.
The company is assessing options to keep the cgt business going. Investment proposal: Pilling Condt is a global leader in integration, end-to-end cxo, through crdmo assessment: demand stability, non-new crown business fast release, cxo dragon
We expect the methodology and analytical logic 2024-2026 to draw conclusions, present the present report independently and objectively, and be responsible for its content and perspective. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.