Pharmacy Mingkandr (2359.hk/603259.ch): 3q24 adjusted net parent interest slightly higher than expected, maintenance of full-year income 3q24 income roughly in line with our expectations and adjusted net profit margin for non-ifrs
Hu Zewoo, cfa is better than we expected. The company maintains a year-round income profit line, raising the year-round free current HK$62/K$62.
• 3q24 income meets expectations, and the adjusted net return profit of non-ifrs is slightly better than we expected: Alpha agrees with expectations; adjusted net return of non-ifrs is $2.97 billion (3.2 per cent yoy, +20.9 per cent qoq), less than the unanimous expectation of visiblealpha, but slightly better than we expect.
We expect that the main Māori ratio is better than we previously expected (benefiting from wuxichemistry (-0.4 pptsoy, +1.9 pptsqoq) to be further raised on a 2q24 basis.The company had 43,82 billion in hand orders at the end of September (vs, 43.1 billion in hand orders at the end of June).
The d&m operation contributed to a better than expected income in the three quarters of wuxichemistry, with a positive year-on-year increase in the first quarter of the year; early operations remained weak: 3q24 wuxichemistry achieved a positive year-on-year increase in the first quarter of the year, with the elimination of the new crown commercialization project achieving +26.4 per cent
Yoy/+18.6% qoq. Of these, Tides operations benefit from improved capacity (currently the Tides segment includes wuxichemistry block r income, wuxibiology operations are still weak and are in the same decline. According to management, end 9m24r income is the same.
This is mainly due to price pressure (although the number of compounds has increased by 7 per cent over the past 12 months). In addition, the income of wuxitting fell by 9.3 per cent over the same period and the ring by 4.7 per cent over the same period, with a significant decline in laboratory analysis and testing services in the main (-12.2 per cent).
• Maintenance of year-round income profit guidelines, with free cash flow guidelines up by $2 billion: companies maintain revenue collection and adjusted net profit guidelines for non-non-ifrs, i.e., revenue of $38.3-405 billion
After adjusting the Non-ifrs net return margin to last year ' s level, capital spending guidelines were revised downwards by between RMB 1 billion and RMB 4 billion (mainly due to the complexity of the first overseas plant construction and the delay in delivery time), adding operational efficiency and improvements in operating capital management (including acceleration of recovery),
Analysis and Forecasting of Financial Statements - Prospective and Pessimistic Scenarios for Psychiatry and Silver International
Pessimism: Corporate growth is not as good as expected Optimism: Corporate growth is better than expected Customer access and project progress is less than expected
(c) Adjusted net interest rates of noon-ifrs above 30 per cent;
(b) The adjusted net interest rate of noon-ifrs is less than 20 per cent;
The Chinese-American friction is escalating, and Ping-jin International pessimism: corporate growth is not as high as expected.
(b) The growth of new business is better than expected;
(b) Adjusted net interest rates of noon-ifrs above 30 per cent;
Central America’s geopolitics are better than expected. The adjusted net interest rate for non-ifrs is less than 20%; and Central America’s friction has escalated.
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law.
This report has been prepared by the Legion of Law-Poo Qing International Securities Co. Ltd. (collectively known as “Poo Qing International Securities”) which engages in regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) in the first category (Systems Trading) and the fourth category (Provision of advice on securities).
No one may use any of the information contained in this report for other purposes. This report is prepared solely for the purpose of providing information. It shall not be interpreted as an invitation or offer to purchase or sell any securities or related financial instruments. Your Excellency shall not interpret the contents of this report as a professional opinion or recommendation of legal, tax, accounting or investment matters.
The information and comments in this report are given on the date indicated in the document, may be modified without further notice, or may not necessarily be updated to reflect progress made after the date of the document. The report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not base any decision or action on investment, withdrawal or other financial aspects of the information in this report alone.
The presentation may be based on a number of assumptions, limited to significant risks and uncertainties. The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Poo-Bing’s international securities. Poo-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its affiliates, affiliated companies (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold securities of the companies described in this report or of the companies concerned, and may from time to time buy or sell them.