Pharmacy 603259.sh - 3-quarterly review 2024.
Medical bio-medical services (year-to-year-6.2 per cent, after elimination of the new crown commercialization project +4.6 per cent) with net return profit of $6.53 billion, positive growth in US customer income and higher growth in European customer income in the first three quarters of the year.
The integrated crdmo model continues to drive development. 1) Chemical operations, the crdmo model drives continued growth. Small molecules continue to expand, with 915 new molecules added in the first three quarters of 2024, including 898 clinical and pre-clinical i projects, 14 clinicalii projects, clinical ii
One phase project and two commercialization projects. 2) At the operational level, the previous three quarters saw a decline in revenue and Maori ratios, mainly influenced by the proposed United States bill, a decrease in new orders and a slowdown in the new momentum of pipeline projects, but several commercialization projects are still actively under way, with a total of 59 atucdmo pipelines in the previous three quarters
By the end of September 2024, public Pharmacy Condium (603259.sh) - Core business has recovered steadily, and hand orders are growing.
In the first three quarters of the year, the top 20 pharmaceutical firms worldwide earned $11.22 billion (celebrating the new crown business, Pharmacy Conde (603259.sh) - Annual Report 2023 - a steady increase in year-round performance compared to +71.0 per cent), representing an increase of 196 per cent in the number of hand orders, oligopolic acids and multi-d&m clients.
The Annual Report Review 603259.sh - 2022 - Growth in harvests and molecules throughout the year, sustained expansion of production capacity, and continued high growth in the business of Tides. Investment proposals: The growth of hand orders is positive, maintaining a “better than the big market” rating.
A single-quarter return of $10 billion, a steady increase in hand orders, maintaining a profit forecast for 2024-2026, with revenue falling by $10 billion in the third quarter of 2024. The business income of the company 2024q1-3 was $27.7 billion (same-6.2 per cent, after the elimination of the new crown commercialization project +4.6 per cent) and the net profit of the mother was $6.53 billion (same-same-same).
Operating income of $10.46 billion was realized in the first quarter of the year (up to 2.0 per cent, excluding the commercialization of the new crown project) and figure 1: Disruption of the business income and speed of the drug Ming Condé (in billions, per cent) and figure 2: operation income and speed of the drug Ming Condé (in billions, per cent)
Figure 3: Net profit and rate of increase for drug Mind Conduit (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 4: Net profit and rate of increase for drug Mind Condium per quarter (in billions, per cent) Figure 5: Mäori rate for drug Mäori, changes in net interest rates
Figure 6: Three cost changes in Pharmacy Condt's “integrated crdmo model” continues to drive development. 1) Chemical operations, with the crdmo model driving operations, continue to grow. Small molecules continue to expand, with 915 new molecules, including Ping, in the first three quarters of 2024.
2) At the operational level, the first three quarters of the year saw a decline in revenue and Māori rates, mainly influenced by the proposed bill in the United States, a decrease in the number of new contracts and a slowdown in the new momentum of pipeline projects, but several commercialization projects are still actively under way, with a total of 59 projects in the previous three quarters, adding the world ' s first til (innovative neoplasmal lymphocytotherapy) commercialization
At the end of September 2024, the company had 43.82 billion dollars in hand (with the new crown commercialization project + 35.2 per cent as compared to 35.2 per cent) and $11.22 billion (with the new crown commercialization project + 23.1 per cent as compared to the top 20 pharmaceutical clients worldwide) in the first three quarters of 2024;
The steady increase in the number of clients and molecules of vinyl nucleic acid and polyprod&m, and the continued expansion of production capacity, boosted by tides figure 7: income from pharmaceutical operations, figure 8: total volume of drug vindicate synthesizing reaction
Investment recommendations: good growth in hand orders and maintenance of a “better than the city” rating. Revenue returns to 10 billion dollars in a single quarter, and authors ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions from any third party, through reasonable judgement or conclusion; authors have not studied them in the past, now or in the future.