Building materials for new construction in the North (000786), three-quarterly returns of Māori and a significant increase in performance, South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Events: The company achieved operating income of $8.11 billion in January-September 2017, an increase of 38 per cent in the same year; the net profit of $1.56 billion, an increase of 100 per cent in the same year; and a basic gain of 0.88 per share.
The third quarter saw a marked increase in performance, with companies achieving operating income of 3.55 billion yuan in the third quarter, a 57 per cent increase in the same year, a net return to the mother of 880 million yuan, a 173 per cent increase in the same year, and more than 680 million yuan in the first half of 2017. The large increase in the company’s performance in the third quarter was mainly due to a slight increase in the value of the company’s products.
The company ' s Māori rate in January-September was 34.1 per cent, an increase of 3 percentage points from the 31.1 per cent reported, while the environmental inspectors in the steel, cement, glass, etc. were significantly strengthened during the year, with a significant trend towards regularization, with price increases for gypsum raw materials (e.g., face paper).
Transfers to product prices are effective, with the Māori rate rising from only 26% in the first quarter of 2017 to 34% in the third quarter. For other small businesses in the industry, cost controls are weak, raw material prices in the context of environmental inspectors may remain high, and they will accelerate the exit of such firms from the market.
• In the long term, the company is looking at higher market ownership and beneficial assembly construction. (1) The company’s market share of products and the implementation of a new wave of Thaksin gypsum, which will bring the company’s total capacity to 3 billion m2/year. The company’s share of cities in the west and south is lower than in the north, and the company’s share in the expansion of the company’s capacity has increased in terms of the region.
In the south and west of the country, corporate ownership is expected to increase further. (2) Company products.
At a low level, domestic assembly buildings are currently in the policy-guided implementation phase, and the State will “strive to use 10 years left and right to reach 30 per cent of the new building area.” 1.87 yuan will maintain a 42 per cent compound growth rate in the net return profit over the next three years, taking into account the company's gypsum line.
Risk: (3) The risk that the build-up of the assembly building will not be extended as expected. Assumption 1: Real estate regulation policy is generally stable, with a 35 per cent increase in cast board orders; Assumption 2: a new round of production of fresh North and Tarzan cast is planned to move in an orderly manner, with corporate cardboard products in the south and west.
On the basis of the above assumptions, we project the cost of the company ' s sub-operational income for 2017-2019 as follows:
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.