The chalkheads' bargaining advantage has led to higher performance, the 3rd quarter 2017 report for the North (000786).
The company disclosed its third quarter report for 2017: it realized operating income of $8,107 million, an increase of 38 per cent over the reporting period; net profits attributable to parent companies of $1,565 million, an increase of 10.01 per cent over the same period. Basic earnings of 0.875 dollars per share, an increase of 58.23 per cent over the same period.
The net profit of the mother was 882 million yuan, an increase of 173.31% over the same period. The company achieved revenue and profits in the third quarter, mainly as a result of an increase in product volumes, with a 3% increase in the average price of the three quarters of the dragon cast and a 20% increase in the average price of the Tarzan cast. Also, the company acquired 35% of the new production line of the Tarzan cast in 2016, and advanced the 2.5 billion square metres of the national cast board to enhance its size.
In a pro-firm direction, companies maintain high-market levels, and price controls increase. Companies raise prices voluntarily in the third quarter, not only to shift cost pressures, but also to improve income elasticity.
\triangleright increases by 4.5 percentage points.
The company’s net profit rate for the reporting period was 19.4%, with a net profit rate of 25.1% for the single quarter of the three quarters. The business was robust, with a strong “cash cow” feature. The company’s asset liability at the end of the reporting period was 28.53%, a decrease of 0.97 percentage points.
\triangleright’s robust business strategy is to build up the company’s capacity for the future. The company’s cash flow is currently 1,578 million yuan, an increase of 467 million yuan, and its net operating cash flow is 1,844 million yuan, an increase of 989 million yuan.
The creation and expansion of equipped buildings in the area benefiting Ying An is in large demand for space. The company is based in Beijing, with multiple lines of production within 300 to 500 \triangleright kilometres around Ying An Xin district, where new demands will provide long-term support to the company to expand its market space.
The use of cast boards has been very low. In recent years, from the central to the local levels, the development of assembly-style buildings has been vigorously pursued. As a new energy-efficient, environmentally friendly, wallwork material, the gypsum will be one of the main features of the future assembly building.
The next generation of high-performance green architecture technology systems have great potential for the future.
Given the company’s combined advantage as a gypsum leader, it is highly competitive and has a stronger bargaining power. The gypsum, as a green building material, has a lower per capita usage in China, benefiting from the development of assembly-style buildings and the construction of a new area in Yuan An, has wide scope for future demand.
Figure 1: Change in Māori ratio of new materials in the North and Figure 2: Change in asset-liability ratio of new materials in the North
Figure 3: Change in net asset rate of return for the single quarter of the first quarter of the first quarter of the first quarter of the first quarter of the first quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the second quarter of the year
Figure 6: Net profits and growth rates in the first quarter of the new North
In 2008, the Central University of Finance and Economics entered the securities industry, with many years of experience in industrial research, and in 2011 with the Alliance Eun Hing securities, engaged in building materials and analyzing its own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to specific recommendations or views in this report.
We have tried to report on the objectivity and impartiality of the content, but the views, conclusions and recommendations contained in the text are only for information purposes.
The information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investor on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold the positions of the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report and hand them over.
Easily and may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies