q3 q3 performance over-expected, high-growth growth year-round company fundamentals (RMB)
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average, higher volume and higher performance. From the single quarter, q3 achieved a revenue of 3.546 billion yuan and a market share of nearly 60 per cent, with a clear advantage in size, and companies will remain new each year for the next three years.
With the impact of the fall of winter production and the rising cost of raw materials, the potential for a four-quarter price increase in corporate products is expected to sustain high annual growth. The rise in raw materials and the increase in product prices have led to an increase in the Māori rate.
“The impact of the retrenchment of the cast-plate, environmental + assembly building aids, and the continued increase in the price of face paper and industrial by-product gypsum,” we calculate, starting at the beginning of the year, with the In-depth Study of the North Construction Construction Company, 2017.9.4.
The cost of raw materials for companies has risen by about 30%; at the same time, energy costs have been rising, the cost of power coal on the island has risen by 11.6%, and the company has moved the cost pressure by raising prices and showing better performance and improved off-the-shelf earnings during the reporting period.
The decrease of $100 million, or 94.13 per cent, during the same period is mainly due to the company ' s acquisition of a minority of 35 per cent of the shareholdings of the Thai mountain ointment, a controlled subsidiary in 2016, which is no longer accounted for in the current period. Second, the acquisition of 100 per cent of the shareholdings of the Green Steel and Metals Construction Company Ltd., confirming the negative goodwill generated by the acquisition.
In June of this year, Hebei Province released the "13th Five-Five-Year Development Plan for Hebei Province Installation Building" and, by 2020, the province-wide assembly building.
At 20%, and with 80%-90% of future masturbating buildings likely to be installed, there will be a need for new gypsum plates. As the environment becomes tight enough to phase out backward production capacity and “coal change” to crush the survival of small plants, the industry will become optimal.
The traditional needs of the cast board were released in conjunction with the incremental needs of the assembly building and the new urbanization.
At the same time, environmental consolidation has led to the consolidation of industries and the optimization of supply and demand patterns.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.