It's a lot of gypsum, and it's going faster than expected.
□ The price of the gypsum plate has risen substantially, the rate of increase in the camp is higher than expected 2017q3, the sale of the company ' s main cardboard has continued to grow steadily, the product has been successfully raised during the reporting period, with a single rate of 57.22% of the rate of growth in the season, and the rate of increase in the first three quarters has risen to 38.00%.
In the first three quarters, corporate spending on three fees continued to decline, by 2.49 percentage points in the same year, mainly as a result of the increase in the size of the collection after a substantial increase in prices. In the first three quarters of 2017, corporate gains and losses on minority shareholders decreased by 24.6 million, mainly because the company completed the acquisition of 35 per cent of a minority shareholder interest in Tarzan cast in October 16th.
Benefiting from the decline in earnings and losses of minority shareholders, increased sales and an increase in the Māori rate, the net profit gains of the first three quarters of the company were higher than expected, reaching 10.01 per cent. □ The cost of gypsum boards was raised, environmental policies were continuously added, and corporate leadership was highlighted.
Against the backdrop of the rising cost of the country’s gypsum plates, and the growing policy of environmental protection, we believe that the concentration of the gypsum industry is expected to accelerate, and that the company’s advantage as a leading industry company will be further highlighted. Since 2017, the country’s import of waste has become more stringent, and the cost of major paper protection materials in the US has increased.
And the cost of the cardboard is nearly 50% of the cost of the cardboard, and the industry has a strong pressure on the Māori rate. The company, as the city’s leader in the 50% rate, has a strong pricing advantage, and since September 22, the company has started to adjust prices in the northern region, rising by 0.8 yuan per square metre in the long series, and rising by 1.3 yuan per square metre in the non-long series.
In addition, under the expectation of a sustained increase in environmental policies, the production of small and medium-sized enterprises in the industry is either limited or likely to contribute to higher corporate performance and market participation.
For the first time in the Kyoto region, gypsum plates were included in the heating-out industry, and product prices were expected to rise further in anticipation of a shrinking supply in the industry, with firm performance growing with a high degree of certainty in 2017.
The ongoing tightening of the domestic real estate market has had an impact on the short-term demand for the gypsum market, but the prospects for the future demand of the industry are still good, given the environmental stress and the break-up of the application landscape. In the long run, the need for demand support comes mainly from the continued build-up policy, new urbanization, and new rural construction.
In addition, compared to the rest of Europe and the United States, the market for gypsum boards is less permeable, applications are mainly distributed in public clothes and hanger decorations, and, given the “13th Five” environmental tightening, the gypsum is expected to continue to benefit as a green building material, as well as to upgrade and build consumption.
In June, the company signed a strategic cooperation agreement with the contemporary industry, under which the contemporary industry will use 100% of the wall ceiling system with the dragon cardboard/light steel bone. In our view, the agreement was signed.
The precedent of a large-scale 100 per cent use of gypsum slabs in the wall decoration system has been set, helping to push for a breakthrough in the wall market in the use of gypsum plates, and the company, as a gypsum head, is expected to continue to work with large and medium-sized housing companies.
During the reporting period, the company ' s gypsum board achieved a full price increase, the harvest increased further, the Māori rate recovered, minority shareholders ' rights were reduced and net profits increased faster than expected; the company ' s first three quarters were close to closing year-round, and the net profit was 1.3 times the value of last year ' s full year, starting in October with a regional gypsum plate in Kyoto.
For the first time, the industry is limiting production during the heating season, and the price of compressed gypsums is expected to increase further, with companies showing a high degree of certainty about their performance in 2017. In the long run, companies, as leaders in the gypsum industry, are expected to take advantage of the tightening of their energy conservation policies, the upgrading of domestic construction materials consumption, the expansion of assembly-style buildings and gypsum.
The benefits of the breakthrough in the landscape and the likely future performance rate continue to grow. We predict that no rating -- because of the lack of access to the necessary information, or because companies face significant uncertainties about what they can not predict, or for other reasons, makes it impossible to give a clear investment rating. The market benchmark index is 300 indexes.
The information and comments in this report are provided for information purposes only. The information and comments in the report are provided for information purposes.
A person who has not been, is not, will not receive, directly or indirectly, any form of compensation for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.