Rapid performance rating: performance traps are now in place and asset quality is improving Events: Business Banks publish fast performance reports, yielding $29,508 million in 2020, Merchant Banks increase net profit returns in single quarter of 1 to 4 by 10.12 per cent, 13.32 per cent,
The four-quarter profit booms have been positive, leading to a positive year-round increase in profit. We believe that asset quality has improved, that the provision has reduced pressure, and that the slowdown in impairment losses has been the main cause of significant improvement in the four-season net profit increases.
Assets have improved in quality, the rate of underachievement has reached a low level in recent years, and the provision coverage has continued to rise. By the end of 2020, the rate of underachievement, 1.07 per cent, had declined for two consecutive quarters, and the rate of non-performing loans, total equity/flow (millions of shares), had declined.
At the same time, the provision coverage has risen further over the last three quarters, reaching a total market value/flow (million yuan) of 437.68%. Such success in the aftermath of the epidemic reflects the ability of the top three to attract good wind control.
Quarterly significant write-offs and poor early recognition were also the reason for the continued improvement in the quality of assets in the fourth quarter The positive end of the liability position and the rising ratio of deposits continued to rise. In 2020, the total liability of engaged banks increased by 12.19 per cent compared to the previous year, with deposits increasing by 16.13 per cent compared to the previous year.
Sold-end assets with marginal improvements in quality, and provision for credit runs to stabilize interest differentials in an environment where asset end rates of return are generally down. Economic stability, less pressure on profit, and better bank performance.
It is believed that bank performance will improve further as the demand for credit recovers as a result of economic improvement, and regulation will no longer emphasize a three-quarter offer to the real economy by the Merchant Bank (600036). The lpr offer has been flat for six months in a row, and it is new.
In the year 2020, the poor management of the entire industry was more thorough, and the focus group recommended that the merchant bank be one of the top-quality banks in the listed banks. The statement is true.
The most difficult times in the banking sector have passed, and future performance is certain. As the economy improves steadily and the pressure on concessions has eased, performance will increase further in 2021.
Quick performance evaluation: performance rolls are up, asset quality is up, quick performance rolls are up: performance rolls are up and asset quality is up
The Pacific Securities Company Ltd. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business and has a portfolio licence No. 1348000.
My company and its employees are not responsible for any direct or indirect losses arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report.