Bank of Merchants (600036): Promising net profit growth, management of large wealth in the future: 19 March, Annual Report 2020 published by Bank of Merchants.
The company bank is the first company law in the country to have a higher level of activity and a better performance in the middle.
The gap was between 10bp and 2.49%, with a 11.2% increase in the same rate, and the first pilot bank to promote banking reforms. Loans grew steadily, and deposits grew at an all-time high and were further optimized.
To achieve a dynamic and balanced development of “quality, efficiency, scale” around the transformational objective of building “light banks”, business operations increased their share of public deposits by 3.14 pct to 65.9 per cent on a year-on-year basis, or significantly increased their contribution to deposits at the public end.
The continued optimization of the structure, the initial size of the digitalization process, the continued financial relevance of the international firm's dynamic supply chain, which effectively drives the core group of clients up and down, and the retention of deposits. At the same time, the company actively seized the opportunity of special debt, with $638.87 billion in deposit deposits, an increase of 143.1 per cent over the end of the year.
22bp, down by 5bp from 1h20. Mainly the combined effects of the epidemic and the co-debt risk at the beginning of the year, retail lending, especially credit card generation, has increased; as the economy continues to recover, poor generation has begun to improve.
At the end of the year, $12.13 billion was set for non-credit, and sufficient provision was made to release space for future profit. The retail transition started early, with clear strategies, retail customers, and aum growth.
Retail transition started in 2004 and was initiated in 2009 with a cover development centred on “reduce capital consumption, increase equity returns, control costs”: “One Wing” (retail as a body, circulation b/h) in 2013.
In the retail transition, companies have responded closely to the needs of their customers by introducing a range of fists, including a cartoon, credit card, gold bouquets, private banks, etc., to build up a high-quality source of customer financing and gradually build an early advantage. As of the end of 2020, retailing had reached 158 million households, an increase of 9.7 per cent over the end of the previous year;
Retail sales aum amounted to 8.94 trillion, an increase of 19.3% over the same period; retail operations registered an increase of 15bp to 53.8% over the same year, proposing new strategies for large-scale wealth management and deepening the light banking transition. Recruitment offers to build a chain of large-scale wealth management values, which is a strategic support point for creating differentiated competitive advantages in times of low interest rates.
In the long run, banks will be under tight pressure to cut interest rates. At the same time, our total household wealth is the second largest in the world, but financial institutions are well-managed and there are huge market opportunities for wealth management in the United States.) In terms of industry competition, commercial banks can only rely on their own advantages in the face of ecological competition in the current digital age.
Ecology. Wealth management, which is rooted in retailing, is the greatest advantage of recruitment, either by building ecology based on wealth management or by pursuing competitive solutions. 3) Wealth management consumes less capital and is characterized by weak cycles, consistent with the strategic direction of recruiting light banks. The future system of large wealth management is expected to optimize profit patterns, boost aum and wealth management.
Financial science and technology has been added to the grid, enabling retail digitalization. Since the financial technology bank transition in 2017, financial investment has been increased. Financial technology investment in 2020 was 11,912 million dollars, or 27.25 per cent more than in 2020, representing an increase of 0.73 to 4.45 per cent more than in comparable terms. Financial science and technology advantages will optimize client experience and improve clientele.
The advantages of retailing are expected to continue to be consolidated with increased financial skills. Investment advice: a steady increase in profits by 2020, a steady increase in retail operations, and a smooth and well-positioned asset quality.
It is expected that the big wealth management strategy will boost the emergence of tianxy @dxzq.net.cn, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Figure 1: Business acquisition bank revenues in 2020, steady growth of pops, 32.7 per cent increase in net profit of 4q20 by year, Figure 3: Merchant bank split performance in 2020, 3q20
Source of Eastern financial and intellectual boom. Figure 5: Interest-bearing assets increased by 11.8 per cent and deposits by 16.2 per cent at the end of 20 years. Source of Eastern financial boom.
Businesses Bank (600036): Promulgated net profit growth, management of large wealth in the future
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that net profits are growing steadily and that the management of large wealth can be expected in the future.
Liam, Master of Arts in Finance and Economics, Cambridge University, England. Years of experience in banking, research assistant in gold securities, seaton securities, Tianwind securities banking.
You will not have any part of your salary that has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views in this report.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to report what is objective and fair, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on the basis thereof.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.