Merchant banks: Performance traps are now in place and into the 30-year era of wealth management: year of launch, business income of $29,482 million was achieved in 2020, performance traps are now in place, with a 32.7 per cent increase in net profit returns to mothers in four quarters, guided by regulatory guidance.
In the first half of 2020, the banking sector accelerated the process of bad recognition and provision. The first half of the year's credit loss was 22.3% higher than the same period last year, and net profits slowed down at a negative rate, based on a marginal improvement in asset quality.
Total equity/flow (millions of shares) is on a downward trend and provision coverage is at a high level, future provision is under pressure and performance has been reduced.
The balance of the liabilities is prominent, with a narrow cut in interest margins. The net interest margin of 2.49 per cent in 2020 is higher than that of the comptroller bank (600036).
Impact of the decline in end-of-product interest rates: 1) lpr downside and fee-concession policies leading to new loans being granted - - 2021/01/15 interest rate down; 2) Bills, bonds and peer asset yields also go down with market interest rates
Fine. Interest-bearing liabilities cost 1.73 per cent in 2020, a decrease of 27bp from the end of the previous year. The main reason for the decrease in the cost of the end-of-the-end liabilities is: 1) a solid customer base leads to a rising ratio of deposits and call accounts.
The cost of other debt items, such as liabilities, bonds payable, etc., is declining. Looking ahead, in 2021, we believe that the downward pressure on interest differentials will ease: 1) lpr has remained constant for 10 months in a row, market interest rates are stable, and as the economy stabilizes the credit needs of enterprises. 2) The advantage of hiring liabilities remains sharp.
The surrogate funds contribute to the increase in fees and net revenue from commissions. Two card transactions and revenue from fees are limited by the impact of the epidemic, but the increase in fees and commissions continues to be comparable.
11.18 per cent. Rapid growth in agent fund income (Yoy35.28 per cent) has contributed to the growth of fees and net commission income, while rapid growth in agent fund income has benefited, on the one hand, from capital markets and, on the other hand, from services and brand advantages in retailing.
Retailing aum is close to 9 trillion, with a record increase in wealth management at 3.0% Bank of Merchants: performance is now on track, moving to the time of wealth management at 3.0 billion trillion. The balance of management is 245 trillion, the share of external finance is 99.97% and the balance of external finance is 99.97%.
Second place on the market. Maintaining such a high growth in size reflects the advantages of recruiting retail businesses. The latter offered to explore a 3.0 model for banks, while the Great Wealth Management System is the closest to a 3.0 model.
A total of 107 million households, by means of financial technology and big data, have built up new competitive advantages in the mobile interconnectivity era and are moving toward the goals of “weak cycles” and “light capital.” Retailing operations are, by their very nature, strategic support points for future efforts to create differentiated advantages.
Performance projections and investment recommendations: Acquiring the best equity bank, bad generation rate Marginal decline, less pressure on future bad disposal, and performance traps are now in place. Keeping the “buy-in” rating. Call-out banks: performance traps are now in place, moving into the 3.0-year era of wealth management.
Figure 3: Interest income and non-interest income increasing at the same rate (single quarter)
Bank of Merchants: The performance point is now in the 3.0-year era of wealth management.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.