A robust and high-quality development, with the light banking strategy moving forward by billions of yuan (+7.7 per cent and 4.82 per cent respectively) and a steady increase in net revenue. Of this, 20q4 operating income, net return, profits, profits, profits, profits, profits, profits, profits, profits and net profits, have improved since 20q2 on a quarterly basis.
Interest-bearing assets expanded faster, with a smaller margin of interest, four quarters of which were significantly smaller. In 2020, the public ratio was reduced by 10 bp, largely influenced by the asset end-of-end rate of return at lpr repricing and below market interest rates, with a net interest gap of 2.41 per cent for q4, 12 bp below q3 and a four-quarter equity security renewal.
The company’s net difference is expected to remain at a more stable level in the context of this year’s central interest rate boom. The agent’s service charges revenue and the trustee and other fiduciary commissions contribute significantly to the rate of increase, respectively.
+35.38 per cent, +13.51 per cent, mainly because of the rapid growth in income and smooth financial management of capital markets, but the firm ' s strong position in retail operations remains strong, with relevant retail performance indicators maintained, zero sales, gold sunflowers and above, strong growth in the size of private customers and high innovation in the absolute growth of customers aum.
In 2020, companies invested $11,921 million in information technology, a digital transition compared to the previous year. The retail digitalization transition is moving forward in the construction of product, channel, and customer service systems; upgrading the public sector to enhance client experience and continuously develop customer value through layered operations; and middle- and back-stage intelligence risk management capabilities and data.
By the end of 2020, companies provided coverage, optimized their lending structure, and the ratio of non-performing loans to public liquidity loans decreased. Capital adequacy indicators increased by the same percentage, with a core-level capital adequacy rate of 12.29 per cent, or 0.34 per cent, and companies remained relatively stable.
With the growth in quality, retailing has kept it at the forefront of the industry, financial science and technology are also at the forefront of the industry, and the great wealth management system is moving forward. As companies are at the core of wealth management, financial science, and risk management,
In terms of construction, the company would be “lighter” and would have the ability to pass through the cycle and be better qualified to have portfolio investment advisory business approved by the CVM.
Activities related to information, analysis, prediction or recommendation, and direct or indirect charging of services.As a result of the data used, the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, and the report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views and seeks to be unique.