The company released its 2020 performance report on 14 January 2021: net profit return year-on-year + 4.82 per cent (the previous three quarters).
Profits are rising at a sharp rate, promising to lead industry trends, and companies have responded in 2020 with excellent performance. Not only has the profits of companies shifted negatively throughout the year, but the performance of the industry has taken the lead to a higher level of nearly 5 per cent, reaching 4.82 per cent, a sharp increase of 5.64 pt over the previous three quarters.
Looking back at the second or third quarter of 2020, the company's profit rate has been the highest in the country. We expect the profit rate to remain at the forefront of the industry throughout the year. The company's performance has improved mainly because of the good quality of assets and the provision of counter-bullying profits. Given the excellent quality of the company's assets, we believe that the company has a very high level of profit release.
The Unit is expected to continue to lead industry trends with excellent performance in the future as compared to the 300-degree trend.
\triangleright, according to our calculations, the annualized ratio of q4 non-performing loans dropped by 7bp and the pressure on non-performing loans decreased. The public authorities increased their write-off efforts and the balance of non-performing loans and the rate of non-performing loans dropped by two times.
At the same time, at the end of q4, the balance of non-performing loans fell by 4.88% over the q3 end-of-cycle ratio.
Companies have a significant advantage in retailing. As the epidemic improves, companies are expected to contribute to the recovery of the net-rate gap by increasing the volume of retail lending with high returns. On the non-interest side, non-interest income recovered at the same rate, rising from 8.35% in the previous three quarters to 9.19%.
The company, as the industry’s leader, has a solid foundation, a positive profit release, and a fast transition ahead. We look forward to the public s.010019120002 epidemic, which has repeatedly put pressure on asset quality; the interest rate hub has fallen and the recovery has fallen short of expectations.
1. Merchant Banks (600036): Re-enlargement of retail loans and decline in the rate of production of non-performing loans
Figure 1: Year-on-year growth in the collection and performance of commercial banks
Figure 4: Rate of increase in bank loans in the same year, Figure 5: Non-performing loan balances and non-performing loan rates in banks in the same year, Figure 6: Bank grant coverage and loan allocation ratio
A summary of company financial statement data projections. Experiences related to leasing, private fund-raising, securities, and banking. Previous studies in finance, domestic electricity, and non-ferrous industries. Used to work in the Bank of China, joined in 2019. Authors with qualifications or considerable professional competence in securities investment consulting, awarded by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the reports are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,