Retail advantage is consolidated, asset quality is good, recruitment is a domestic retail anchor bank, retail advantage is ahead, and customer base is strong. The company's main business performed well in the fourth quarter, and retail line contributions increased in the second half of the year.
Retail advantages are consolidated, assets are of good quality, Merchant Banks have further improved their performance in the fourth quarter, leading to an increase in the first three quarters of the year (-0.82%, yoy) compared to the previous quarter (-0.82%, yoy).
In the context of a diminished economic impact, the increased contribution of retail financial operations, and the year-round retail gold, which accounted for 53.1 per cent of the total revenue in the first half of the year, rose to 53.8 per cent.
The liability end performed well, with a narrow four-quarter interest spread ring, a four-quarter total deposit performance and a 3.08 per cent increase in the three-quarter ring.
In the context of the upper line, the increase in the share of deposits at the end of the line and the continued optimization of the deposit structure The relative stability of the cost of the liabilities at the end of the four-quarter single-quarter cost ratio is only 1 bp to 1.66% on the third quarter. However, the asset end-of-cycle rate of return is exercised at the end of the four-quarter single-quarter interest link at the end of the four-quarter period.
A narrow 12bp to 2.41%. With the seasonal decline in the ratio of end-of-asset loans combined with market interest rates, four-quarter asset-quality indicators continue the trend of improvement, with the end-of-season rate of non-performing loans at 6bp to 6bp to 3p to 3pm below the end of the season.
1.07%. In the context of the easing of asset quality pressures, the four-quarter loan allocation ratio for companies dropped by 0.12 percentage points to 4.67% over the three-quarter period, the negative balance decreased by almost 13 percentage points to 438% at the end of the four-quarter extension and the absolute level of the provision coverage remained at the forefront of the industry.
Merchant Banks: Good Performance and Improved Quality of Assets
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than anticipated, and regulatory controls that are more than expected. Bankers publish their annual report for 2020, with a net profit return of +4.82% in 2020 (the previous three quarters - 0.82%). Business income is higher than +7.70%, the main business income is better, and retail line contributions are higher in the second half of the year.
The four-quarter performance of merchant banks has improved further, leading to an increase in the year-on-year revenue ratio to 7.70% compared to the previous three quarters (+6.60%), and a sharp increase in the net profit ratio (+4.82%, yoy) compared to the previous three quarters (-0.82%, yoy). In terms of revenue performance, the acceleration of interest growth throughout the year is an important factor in the increase in net interest income.
The impact has diminished, with retail financial operations receiving an increased contribution, with retail financial operations growing by 8.01 per cent year-on-year, and rising to 53.8 per cent as a share of group income compared to 53.1 per cent in the first half of the year, with net fees increasing by 11.18 per cent year-on-year as a result of agency operations and hosting operations.
High net-value crowds maintain rapid growth, income structure is more diversified, and middle-level performance for excellence is inextricably linked to a solid retail customer base. From the retail population, retail customers will be recruited by the end of 2020.
The number of households grew by 9.72 per cent to 158 million at the end of 2019, of which 17.15 to 3.1 million customers and 22.41 per cent to nearly 100,000 private customers grew. Compared to the base retailer population, the faster growth of the high net-value group of customers demonstrated the professionalism and customer service capacity to recruit in the retail sector. On scale, the retailer customer aum grew by 19.32 to 8.94 billion at the end of 2020 compared to the end of 2019;
In terms of income structure, net non-interest income increased by 9.15% on a year-on-year basis, 0.8 percentage points from the previous three quarters (8.35%, yoy), further raising the share of non-interest income in revenue collection to 36.3%, and further highlighting the performance of lightened operations. We believe that the multi-income structure also guarantees more robust income from its main business and reduces the impact of economic fluctuations on income.
The company’s excellent savings performance since 2020 has benefited from a macro-environment that has increased at the rate of m2 and has also resulted from the company’s increased client outreach and dynamic clearing class deposits.
Structurally, the share of deposits at the end of the quarter was about 2.6 percentage points higher than at the beginning of the year, 73.8%, of which the average daily balance of current deposits was related to the size of the client’s co-financing and prudent operation. The rate difference in 2020 was between 10bp and 2.49% lower than in 2019.
The increase in the ratio of deposits at the end of the line and the relative stability in the ratio of cost at the end of the liability at the end of the deposit structure ' s continued optimization, with the end of the four-quarter single-quarter liability at the end of the four-quarter cycle, the cost-rate ring was only 1 bp to 1.66 per cent higher than in the three-quarter period. However, the asset-end rate of return was exercised at the end of the four-quarter one-quarter interest spread ring at the end of the three-quarters, with a narrow 12 bp to 2.41 per cent.
In the second half of the year, retail lending operations were gradually restored, increasing their share of loans to 53.3 per cent at the end of the six-month period (51.2 per cent) and, in particular, credit card loans, increasing their share of loans by 1.4 percentage points to 14.85 per cent at the end of the six-month period.
The end-of-season non-performing loan rate ranged from 6 bp to 1.07 per cent as compared with the end of the three-quarters period; bank-calibre loans of concern decreased by 6 bp to 76 per cent (80 per cent at the end of the six-month period) as compared to the end of the three-quarters period. According to the annual report, the rate of adverse production for the entire year of recruitment was 1.26 per cent, compared to 1.29 per cent in the first half of the year, reflecting a slower rate of negative production in the second half of the year.
Calculators calculate that the annualized negative production rate for the four quarters is about 22bp to 1.18% lower than for the three quarters. Against the background of the easing of asset quality pressures, the Division’s loan allocation for the four quarters dropped by 0.12 percentage points to 4.67% compared to the three quarters. The decline in the negative balance has led to an increase of nearly 13 percentage points to 438% compared to the four quarters of the three seasons, and the absolute level of coverage remains at the forefront of the industry, guaranteeing its resilience to risk.
Recruiting as a domestic retail anchor bank, with a leading retail advantage, and a solid retail customer base. The company’s four-quarter lead business performed well, and we believe that the recruitment style is robust, well-funded, high-risk offsetting capabilities are superior to that of the other business, strong provision guarantees performance stability, and the economy’s downside leads to a deterioration in the quality of assets. As a pro-cyclical industry, corporate business development is highly relevant to economic development.
Monitoring economic development affects the operation of the real economy as well as the profitability of the economy, thus affecting the quality of the assets of the banking sector. If the economy falls short of expectations, there is a risk of deterioration in the quality of the bank’s assets, thereby affecting the bank’s profitability.
The policy will continue, but if interest rate regulation or a concessionary policy supermarket is expected, or will affect the bank’s profitability performance.