Good performance, sustained improvement in asset quality, recruitment as a domestic retail anchor bank with a strong retail edge and a solid client base.
▪ Good performance and sustained improvement in the quality of assets
Revenue from non-interest income increased by 9.19 per cent on a year-on-year basis, by 0.84 percentage points from the previous three quarters, continued activity in four quarters of wealth management and, in a favourable economic situation, improved income from credit card operations over three quarters.
The company’s four-quarter savings performance was excellent, with a 2.38% increase over the three-quarter period. The performance of the outstanding deposits since 2020 was the result, on the one hand, of a macro-environment with an increase in m2 and, on the other hand, of an increase in the number of clients and the ability to settle deposits.
This is a steady expansion of the four-quarter asset size ring by 2.38% over the three-quarter period, of which the loan ring by 0.46% is expected to be associated with proactive efforts to control the scale of consensual credit. We believe that the optimization of the end-of-the-debt structure will help improve the end-of-the-debt cost ratio and the gradual recovery of asset end-of-the-life returns from retail operations.
The four-quarter spread is expected to remain stable.  Quality indicators have improved significantly, with the provision for coverage being higher.
Between 6bp and 1.07% below, retail lending assets are expected to be under pressure for quality as the domestic epidemic is properly managed, while companies increase their write-off efforts in the fourth quarter. In the context of improved asset quality, the company’s 4-quarter end-of-cycle provision has increased its coverage ring by almost 13 percentage points to 438% compared to the end of the 3rd quarter, and is in a higher position than its counterparts.
Merchant Banks: The interest gap is wider than expected, and the indicator of asset quality is better. 20201102 The downside of the economy leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is higher than expected, and regulatory controls that are higher than expected.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.
The four-quarter performance of merchant banks has improved further, leading to an increase in the year-on-year income ratio to 7.71 per cent over the previous three quarters (+6.60 per cent) and a significant increase in the net profit ratio (+4.82 per cent, yoy) compared to the previous three quarters (-0.82 per cent, yoy). In terms of revenue performance, interest has increased by 0.84 percentage points throughout the year (8.35 per cent, yoy), and it is expected that wealth management operations will continue to function in the four-quarter period and in a favourable economic situation.
Credit card business income improved from three quarters, deposit performance was excellent, the four-quarter spreads were expected to remain stable, and the performance of outstanding deposits since the year benefited from a macro-environment with an increase in m2 on the one hand, and increased client outreach by companies on the other.
The bright performance of the end-of-debt deposit supports the steady expansion of the asset end scale, with the four-quarter asset-scaling ring increasing by 2.38 per cent over the three-quarter period, with the loan ring increasing by 0.46 per cent, which is expected to be linked to proactive efforts to control the size of consensual credit and prudent operations. We believe that an optimal end-of-debt structure will contribute to an improvement in the end-of-debt cost ratio, as well as to the gradual restoration of the retail business.
A steady yield at the end of the four-quarter period is projected to remain stable. Improved asset quality indicators are evident, with an improved provision for coverage of the four-quarter asset quality indicators continuing the trend of improvement and a negative loan rate of between 6bp and 1.07 per cent at the end of the four-quarter period, expected to be followed by an improvement in the availability of the four-quarter asset quality indicators.
Due to better management of the epidemic in the country, pressure on the quality of retail lending assets has slowed further, and companies have increased their write-off efforts in the last four quarters. According to our end-of-period caliber measurements, the company ' s annual degenerative generation rate for the fourth quarter has dropped by about 9bp to 1.31% compared to the third quarter. In the context of improved asset quality, the company ' s four-quarter loan allocation has fallen by 0.12 percentage points to 4.67% compared to the three-quarter period, and the decline in the negative balance has resulted in a write-off at the end of the fourth quarter.
The company’s performance in the 4th quarter was good, performance up and asset quality indicators consistently improved, considering that the company’s retail business would benefit from the country’s economic development.
Lower economic performance leads to a deterioration in asset quality that is more than expected. As a pro-cyclical sector, banks have a strong correlation between corporate business development and economic development.
In the event of an outbreak in 2020, the regulations guided banks to give way to the real economy, and it is expected that the economic development policy of the enabling entity will continue in 2021, but that interest rate regulation will affect the bank’s profitability performance, either as expected by the supermarket of the concessionary policy.