Bank of Merchants (600036): Annual Report 2020: Performance through the cycle, introduction of Morgan's assets, taking over Taiwan 21st of 2021
Events: Business acquisition bank revenue of $29.482 billion for the whole year 2020, an increase of 7.7 per cent over the same year, attributed to the capital stock
The bright spot is that the quality of assets inside and outside the table is being strengthened in full, while retail operations continue to grow at a high level. Silver money is proposed to introduce Morgan's assets under Morgan Chase as a strategic investor to further upgrade the wealth management strategy. Meanwhile, the Bank of Taiwan is expected to deepen its inclusive financial strategy.
The current merchant banks have achieved a cycle of performance, and large wealth management will be a source of value for the long term in the future, and we view it as the best financial unit to strongly recommend and maintain a “buy-in” rating. The year’s bright spot: a 32.7% increase in profits in the fourth quarter is due to a narrow credit cut and a recovery in income.
The net profit gains attributed to the shareholders of the comptoir bank rose back to 4.82 per cent throughout the year, a significant increase from the previous three quarters to 0.82 per cent, or 32.7 per cent in the first quarter of the fourth quarter.
However, the company had already disclosed that its performance was fast-track and its core performance was already within market expectations. Specifically: a small four-quarter recovery at the end of the year, in which net interest income rose at a cumulative rate of 6.9 per cent throughout the year.
11.1% increase, but mainly due to the lower 2019q4 base, the real net interest margin of 2020q4 is down. The cumulative interest margin for the year as a whole is between 2bp and 2.49% lower than the previous three quarters, 10bp less than the previous quarter, while the single quarter of the fourth quarter securitizes part of the mortgages through asset securitization, while credit card focus on high-quality customers leads to lower pricing levels and low pricing levels.
In the fourth quarter, the loan return ring fell between 11bp and 4.69%. The cost of the end of the liability will be more competitive, but the company is expected to be able to maintain the low-cost advantage of the end.2 The increase in non-interest income has been more pronounced, reaching 12.2% in the fourth quarter, on the one hand, and fees and servants on the other.
The net income of the gold continues to grow at a high rate, while wealth management operations remain the main driving force; on the other hand, the fourth quarter's three-quarter annual reviews: net interest differentials and poor performance. The gains and losses on single-season fair value changes are reversed and are expected to be influenced by the trend of returns in debt markets in the fourth quarter.
In addition, the Fourth Quarterly Report, mid-yearly, reports: The track of hidden bright spots:
A significant decrease of 23.4 per cent in the year-on-year credit impairment is at the heart of a single-season profit-driven growth, with four real asset quality excellences in 2020!2020-08 - only 72 per cent of total credit impairments are impaired by impairments, indicating high impairments for off-the-shelf finance.
Year after year's review: the best! No. Despite the caution of the merchant bank in its annual report that “the credit margin is expected to remain under pressure when considering the impact of the heavily priced loan in 2021”, we expect that the net income gap will rebound slightly after steady growth and move better than the market expected.
In particular, considering that the company ' s housing-related lending lines are more restrictively regulated; (ii) that the heavy pricing of most of the company ' s mortgage operations is expected to be completed in the second half of last year, with limited impact on the first quarter of this year; (iii) that commercial banks have invested large amounts of medium- and long-term loans in the first quarter of this year, with interest rates higher than short-term loans; and (iv) that it has been continuously stressed that Internet finance and high interest collections of small and medium-sized banks have been heavily regulated and deposited with large and medium-sized banks.
Low-cost liabilities are positive, as is the rise in the company’s current deposit ratio.
Indicators such as the ratio, the proportion of concern, and the rate of delay have dropped overall to a low level over the years, while a significant reduction in the cost of credit for traditional loans on the table means that the quality of the loan assets has become strong and that the recovery and impairment of the off-the-shelf problem assets has begun.1 In traditional credit operations, a new negative amount of $56,143 million (company calibre) was generated in 2020, reflecting the impact of the epidemic and responding to the new generation.
At a time when companies are fully exposed, highly disposed of and write-off of non-performing assets, it can be seen that the proportion of loans of concern and overdue loans has been reduced to a new low of 1.12 per cent since 2013, a decrease of 29bp from 2019. Overall, the negative rate at the end of 2020 was down to the traditional credit sub-type of 2 and the trend in the quality of corporate loan assets has been positive and retail loans have stabilized. i) The rate of bad corporate lending has been 1.58 per cent.
In comparison with the same period in 2019, it was evident that 26bp had fallen, measuring an adverse annual rate of 0.89 per cent (MHL), compared with 13bp down in the previous three quarters, and (ii) that of retail loans was 0.81 per cent, compared with 8bp up in the same period in 2019, and that the negative new rate of production (MHL) was 1.65 per cent equal to that of the three quarters, with credit card negative new rates ranging from 10bp to 4.58 per cent down in the third quarter, but still the main source of the overall negative growth.
Considering that the company has further reduced its credit card risk preferences, we judge that the next stage of credit card misgeneration will gradually improve.3 More importantly, the credit impairments in the second half of the year are mainly based on off-the-shelf finance rather than on traditional credit in the form, and the quality of assets in and out of the form has been raised across the board. In terms of split credit impairments, credit impairments in the first half of the year are estimated at $36,211 million, but all-year withdrawals are accounted for.
At 46.882 billion yuan, the credit cost of credit in the scale was only 1.03 per cent, the lowest since 2014. At the same time, wealth management is a source of long-term value: the silver finance strategy introduced Morgan’s assets to upgrade wealth management.
To 158 million people, the average household size has risen to $5.66 billion. On a stratification basis, the aum of sunflowers and above has grown by 21 per cent to 7.35 trillion, at a faster rate than the total retail customers, and the client structure has been further optimized. At the income level, the income from wealth management fees and commissions has increased by between $35.68 per cent and $28.524 billion in the previous year, of which the main funds have more than doubled their sales income than in the previous year.
2 More importantly, the silver fund is about to introduce the assets of Morgan Morgan, a very heavy-pound strategic investor, whose assets are managed by the JPMorgan Group, which accounts for 10% of the cash register, and 90% of the money, which is still held by the merchant banks. The strategy is about to introduce the top global financial management agency, which will draw on its experience in financial science and technology, investment research, risk management, etc.
In the direction of large wealth management, the model of 3.0 operations in retail banks has evolved.  The plan is to increase the ownership of the small emblem banking poles to 25%, which underpins the inclusive financial strategy.
10% of state banks, and if the transaction is completed, the company will hold 24.8559% of the ownership of the Taiwan bank, although the announcement does not disclose the price of the acquisition. The Bank of Taiwan is the hallmark of the small emblem financial sector, with a total asset size of 27,571.2 billion yuan, a net profit of 3,844 million yuan, more than 18% of the roe, 10 branches and 274 branches in Zhejiang province. Given the size of the Bank, the acquisition is under way.
While the impact on the overall business performance of merchant banks is limited, and the announcement also indicates that the impact on capital adequacy does not exceed 0.05 per cent, acquisitions are expected to contribute to upgrading the service capacity of MFIs and deepening inclusive financial strategies.
Le Wu Xiao Xiao Quan and the New Generation Rate (yearly) Dong Wu Securities Co. Ltd., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board