The increase in feed is expected to exceed 5 million tons, the expansion of the market is planned to contribute to overseas development, and the slowdown in net profits is associated with the loss of raw pig business. ..and the increase in feed sales is expected to exceed 5 million tons in 2025, with the foreign market maintaining high growth.
There was an increase of about 2.84 million tons in feed sales, of which the volume of poultry sales was equal to +24 per cent, the volume of pig sales was equal to +43 per cent, and the volume of aquaculture sales was equal to +16 per cent.
In overseas markets, the South-East Asian market, with Viet Nam and Indonesia at its core, the African market, with Egypt as the bridgehead, and the Latin American market, with Ecuador as its stronghold, the ratio of overseas feed sales to the overseas feed sales of HD 1h2025 + 40%, q3 is still growing at a high rate.
On the basis of the competitive advantage of products such as technology, services, tailoring them to the real needs of local farming Improvement, upgrading, gradual deployment of seedlings and dynamic insurance industries overseas, pre-matching of competing needs of customers and markets, replication of mature domestic competition paradigms and core advantages to overseas markets
The current competitive advantage of the overseas feed product power plus service system extends to the entire chain of multi-dimensional competitive advantages of “quality seedlings, quality feed, quality protection, healthy farming patterns, overall farm management”.
1. The Big China Group (002311) reported that the Big China Group issued a report on the distribution of its subsidiary, China International Holdings Ltd., to Hong Kong.
Prior to this break-up, the group intends to reorganize the shares of its offshore subsidiaries associated with the production and operation of feed, seedlings, and mobile products under the flag of China’s control;
Once it's done, the group will remain in absolute control of the sea-owned holdings for the long term and will commit itself to the sea-controlled domestic operations are growing steadily and overseas markets are creating large markets.
Within five years of Hong Kong’s joint venture listing, the shareholding rate is no less than 75%. The future of the stockholdings will focus on and further feed Asia (excluding East Asia), Africa, and Latin America.
Overseas markets, and increasing their independence of operations and incentives. Over the last three years, China’s holdings have simulated a rapid increase in corporate feed sales in January-September 2025, with year-round incremental targets expected to break out of the epidemic; livestock prices have continued to decline; and raw materials prices have risen sharply.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.