Good domestic and foreign feed performance, market-based enhancement of overseas development potential — Oceanic Group (002311.sz) incident assessment report released by Sea Group three-quarter report 2025, which achieved the formula by the third quarter of 2025
For 96.1 billion yuan, or 13% of the year, the net return to the mother was $4.14 billion, or 14% of the year. Of this, 37.3 billion won, or 14% of the year, and 1.50 billion won, or 0.3% of the year.
The company plans to reorganize its offshore feed, seedlings and mobile insurance operations to the sea, and plans to separate them from the Hong Kong Federation Board. The domestic feed business has grown steadily, and overseas operations have continued to grow at a high rate.
In the third quarter of 2025, corporate performance continued to grow, with 96,094 million yuan in the first September, compared to 13.24 per cent, net return to the mother, $4,142 million, compared to the previous quarter, while the overseas feed business continued to grow at a high rate, and the foreign feed business continued to grow at a high rate in 2022-2024.
Focusing on the independence of overseas operations, releasing management and financing dual energy, the company intends to reorganize its offshore feed, seedlings and mobile conservation operations into large maritime holdings.
In terms of the basics of the split business, large holdings focused on Asian (excluding East Asian), African and Latin American markets, which contributed a larger share of growth to overseas markets, including Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, United States of America.
Governance and finance will break development bottlenecks: an independent regulatory framework can reduce internal decision-making chains, improve management effectiveness and increase responsiveness to local markets; in addition, the Hong Kong capital market financing platform provides greater access to finance for the sea
External capacity-building and market expansion to further enhance overseas business branding, laying the foundation for a follow-up to globalization. Management advantages provide core support, and growth continues to grow.
By establishing a database on animal nutrition, the company’s measures to implement efficient centralized procurement will not only enhance management effectiveness but also translate into cost advantages. Forage operations, as a major engine, are expected to produce more than 50 million tons of domestic feed in 2030.
Business continues to grow steadily, benefiting from factors such as the recovery of the aquaculture landscape and the revival of the pig-breeding industry, while overseas operations are expected to be achieved on the basis of the company's original planned sales of 7.2 million tons in 2030, thanks to the fragmentation of management and financing.
Better performance; three-dimensional growth pattern of firm-building feeder growth, high growth rates of overseas operations, complementary development of stockbreeding operations, strong and stable long-term development
Experience, physical, level I, level I, level I, level II market experience, industry chain perspective and grass line, pig, pet, outdoor, doll study, reflecting my research views. I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't,
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
A three-board index (for protocol transfers) or a three-board market index (for market transfers), a Hong Kong market based on a permanent index, and a United States market based on a Dow Jones index, will not be considered a customer by the recipients for receiving this report.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See. For all consequences arising from the basis or use of this report, Chinese securities and/or their associates