Big China Group (002311), Big China Group: The feeder industry continues to grow and overseas business development is entering a new phase
The feed industry continues to grow. Forage business grew in size and boom in three quarters, with good growth. Corporate income grew at a rate of 14.43% in the single quarter, continuing for two quarters.
The target is 51.5 million tons of feed by 2030, of which overseas markets are to be marketed, and offshore market operations are to enter a new phase of development. The company intends to split the holding stock holdings of the controlled subsidiary, China, into the Hong Kong main trading board. Before this breakup is implemented, the company intends to bring its subordinates to the market.
Total equity/flow (billion shares) Reorganization of the shares of affiliates associated with the production and operation of feed, seedlings and dynamic products to the sea-owned flag Total market value/flow (billions)
So, the restructuring is still under way. Based on the current three-year simulation of the sea-based holdings, the billions of dollars have been consolidated. When the splits are completed, the sea-owned holdings are focused on three regions: Asia (excluding East Asia), Africa, and Latin America.
We believe that this split is consistent with the internationalization of the company, which is driven by a sustained and rapid growth in performance >--2025-
The strategy is not only to raise funds from abroad for the construction of modern feed production bases in these areas, but also to take advantage of Hong Kong ' s internationalization platform to attract more < < < Annual Report < < < > : a negative market growth in feed sales > .
< < < < < quarterly reviews < < < < > > > .
The outlook for their overseas business development is very promising. Gains, continued negative growth in feed business > - Profit forecasting and rating: `enhancement' rating. Companies are expected to return to net profits in 25-26 years.
China Group: The feeder industry continues to grow and overseas business development is entering a new phase.
College, 9 North Avenue, Beijing, West Side.
Pacific Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “I, Inc.” or “Pacific Securities”) is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy operations approved by the China Securities Supervisory Board.
In any case, the information in this report or the opinion expressed in it does not constitute an investment proposal for any institution or individual, and investors should make an investment decision on their own.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents. I may hold the positions of and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also raise claims for these companies.
I'm gonna need you to approve any machine.