20 October 2025: the company released its three-quarterly report for 2025. The company achieved total operating income of 960.94 in the first three quarters of 2025.
Company feed sales have continued to grow faster. In 202503, the company achieved gross operating income and net return on its earnings sustained faster growth, mainly as a result of faster growth in feed sales, with rapid growth in the volume of ex-sales; net profit gains have declined, largely driven by falling investment returns.
In South-East Asia, companies, with Viet Nam and Indonesia at their core, have been actively expanding markets such as Bangladesh, Cambodia, Myanmar, and, in Africa, Egypt as a bridgehead.
Gradually extending to markets in East and Central Africa, which are currently active in Nigeria, Tanzania, Uganda, etc. In South America, companies based in Ecuador have formed teams to open up neighbouring countries such as Brazil and Chile.
In the single dimension of the feed product itself, the competition is less intense than the domestic one. Company feed products have been sharpened in the fierce domestic market competition, and strong professional capabilities have been developed at all levels, so feed products are highly competitive in local markets abroad; and, at the same time, public-private companies have become competitive.
The Division is well prepared for the changes that will occur in future competition in overseas markets and has invested its resources and teams in the gradual deployment of seedlings, the dynamic preservation industry, the pre-matching of future competition needs of customers and markets, and the replication of mature domestic competition paradigms and core advantages into overseas markets.
A “buy-in” for companies is maintained, with a “market index” for this rating system, with a depth of 300 indexes for the shares, and a “triple” for the new three-board reference points. The owner is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “middle- and low-risk” and a “stable” investor is only fit to use a study with a risk level not higher than “medium-risk”
It is reported that “positive” investors are only fit to use studies with a risk level not higher than “medium- and high-risk”, that “radical” investors are fit to use the various risk levels of our Division, that they possess the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association to consult on securities investments, and that they produce the present report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.