The three-quarter review of 2025: the feeder industry is well run and the internationalization strategy is steadily moving forward.
The main industry has performed strongly and sales have continued to grow, with aquaculture benefiting from the recovery of the industry's climate; Pigs actively develop large customers and have been effective. According to company announcements, the firm's medium-term firmness to reach the target of 51.5 million tons of total sales in 2030 will steadily increase domestic capacity utilization and the market in the future.
In the first half of 2025, the Department’s overseas feed sales continued to increase at a rate of about 40%.
Distribute the holding stock holdings to Hong Kong ' s main trading board and, prior to the implementation of the 52-week maximum/minimum price, propose to split the shares of affiliates outside Hong Kong related to the production and operation of feed, seedlings and mobile products
Reorganizing under the flag of big China’s holdings is expected to further expand the access to corporate finance, enhance international influence, and help companies to develop their internationalization strategies. The group has been using Vietnam’s Aquaculture Market as an entry point for overseas markets since the end of 2011, relying on “feeds, seedlings, mobile security, service systems, etc.”
Professional capacity is expected to expand gradually from the one-dimensional advantage of feed products to the multi-dimensional advantage of the industrial chain, and to gradually expand its influence in South-East Asia, Africa and South America by empowering local farmers to replicate domestic mature competition paradigms and core advantages in overseas markets.
The company sells 3.41% in the third quarter of 2025, with a financial cost ratio of -0.15 pct to 0.21%. The company values the improvement in organizational management efficiency, making full use of the middle management advantage by constructing the "procurement + R & D + sales + production" four places.
One management model, ensuring rapid internal connectivity, increasing market influence, and promoting three levels of research and development.
Management and R & D efficiency have been strengthened and management levels are expected to continue to improve.
Investment recommendations: “better than the big market.” The company’s management has a significant advantage, and we keep the profit forecast, and we expect the company to do a new business on the basis of an orderly attempt and a new one based on the Pacific Group (002311.sz)-2023 and the 2024 Quarterly Review: Feeding.
In terms of business, the company's feeder industry has performed robustly and sales have continued to grow, with aquaculture benefiting from the boom in the industry; pigs have been actively developing large customers, and they have been effective. The firm's firm medium-term target of 51.5 million tons of total sales by 2030 will steadily increase domestic capacity utilization and market share in the future, while accelerating overseas growth.
Figure 2: Large groups of countries operating on a single-season basis and increasing (in billions of yuan, per cent) Figure 3: Large groups net gain and increase (in billions, per cent) Figure 4: Large groups net profit and increase (in billions, per cent)
Figure 5: Larger group sub-business receipts (%): Larger group sub-business gains (%) 0.21%. Companies focus on improving organizational management efficiency, making full use of middle-level management advantages by building “procurement +”
The R & D + Marketing + Production four-tier management model ensures rapid intra-firm connectivity, enhances market impact, and promotes a three-tier R & D system that ensures forward-looking, sustainable output and rapid transformation of technology results, maximizes managerial and R & D efficiency gains and is expected to continue to improve in the future.
Corporate management has a significant advantage, and based on a firm-minded approach, has tried out and laid out new business. We have assured the authors that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party ' s approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.