Release time: 08/05/ 2018: Performance meets expectations, heavy card operations grow, company reports are issued in 2018, operating revenue of $39.21 billion is realized in a quarter, a year-on-year increase
12.07 per cent, net profit from deductions to later repatriations was $1.99 billion, an increase of 70.64 per cent over the same period; performance met expectations and profitability continued to rise. Companies achieved $39,212 million in the first quarter, an increase of 12.07 per cent over the previous quarter; and largely as a result of an increase in demand for heavy engines and orders during the first quarter of the company.
The number reached 168,000, an increase of 27 per cent in the same year; the company ' s Māori ratio reached 28.9 per cent, an increase of 4.3 per cent in the same year, and net profit increased by 70.64 per cent in the same year, largely as a result of higher profitability, resulting from the 12l, 13l, higher demand for heavy engines.
The Hong Kong Central Clearing (Agent) limited public card market is still buoyant, and heavy card engine demand is high. The heavy card sector has grown by 14 per cent compared to 320,000 in the first quarter of this year; the heavy card market has a better outlook for 18 years, mainly because of: (1)
The sustained growth in government capital investment and the 18-year increase in real estate start-up rates have led to a gradual recovery in the demand for engineering vehicles. (2) Owing to the tightening of environmental policies and the upgrading of emission standards, the replacement of heavy-cards has been accelerated (3) The demand for large-volume, high-capacity logistics-marked heavy cards, such as the rapid development of the logistics industry, has increased.
In 2017, heavy card sales amounted to 149,000, a 91 per cent increase over the same period, and it is expected that the above-mentioned factors will lead to a significant increase.
The company has new energy technologies with an autonomous core, and new energy cells from hydrogen fuel cells, solid fuel cells, solid lithium.
Quehu was acquired in 2009 - 8 - 31, to speed up intelligent logistics by acquiring the area of automated logistics for the DeMartek advance.
Field layout and planning, which will construct the intelligent logistics industry chain of “Scadeh main line transport + Keifu material handling + Dematek smart warehouse + Shandong heavy industry financial services”, is expected to reduce operating costs and achieve Xue Rain and Ice
We expect the company to benefit from its operating income for the next three years, and we expect the company to keep up.
The company’s business is highly correlated with the downstream industry, with the company having an impact if the downstream product is not sold as expected; on the other hand, macroeconomic fluctuations and the company’s business expansion are likely to have an impact on the company’s business today.