High-quality gold assets were injected into profitability up to date: on April 27, the annual report 2017 was published by Silver and Thai Resources. In 2017, the company achieved operating income of 1,483 million yuan, an increase of 94.61 per cent over the previous year; it was attributed to the listed public and silver and Thai resources (000975.sz).
The interest rate of $2.0 million (including taxes) and a combined gold dividend of $283 million (including taxes), representing 87.11 per cent of the net profits of ordinary shareholders of listed companies in the consolidated statements. In addition, \triangleright’s large metal merchandise trade operations benefited from the overall recovery of the non-ferrous metals industry, with the company’s lead and zinc product prices warming further, leading to non-ferrous metal mining operations.
In January 2018, the company directed an additional 335 million shares to acquire Shanghai Sewer, making it a fully-owned subsidiary. The three high-quality mines under Shanghai’s flag – the Green Beach Gold Mine, the Golden Gold Mine in Gilling Hills and the Black River Gold Mine – were injected into the company.
The acquisition of mineral rights assets includes four gold mining rights and nine gold mineral prospecting rights, not only of high taste, but also promising prospects for increased storage. The company’s profitability will be further enhanced by the fact that gold and gold mines are now in production.
\triangleright tons, with a supply and demand gap of 310,000 tonnes smaller than in 2017; a global lead-refining deficit of about 50,000 tonnes in 2018 and a demand gap of 70,000 tonnes lower than in 2017. From the global balance of supply and demand, the global supply shortage of lead and zinc has been maintained, but the pressure on lead and zinc prices has increased as the supply gap has narrowed.
The market, however, has expected a higher interest rate over the next two years, arguing that the Fed’s interest increase will have little impact on gold prices. However, uncertainty about world economic development and the deterioration of the trading environment will boost the demand for gold for risk avoidance, with optimism about gold prices in the medium to long term.
Risk factors: price fluctuations for precious metals: the completion of the large rigs is slower than expected; the construction of the sub-basin mining process is less advanced than expected. \triangleright
I'm sorry, cinda securitiesco. ltd the front page of the company's financial data.
Don Ezekiel, Research Assistant for the Non-ferrous Metals Industry. M.A. in Finance, University of Foreign Economics and Trade, joined the Sindar Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2016 for non-ferrous metals research.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is provided only to the specific client mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is publicly produced by a publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, or the securities or investments referred to in this report.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.