Silver and Thai resources (000975), internal and external energy, new and ready gold mine, annual review of Silver and Thai resources (000975).
The annual operating income was 1,483 million yuan, an increase of 94.61 per cent over the previous year; the net return to the mother was 325 million yuan, an increase of 48.09 per cent over the same period: 847 million yuan in the first quarter of 2018, an increase of 202.27 per cent over the same year: the net return to the mother was 116 million yuan, an increase of 1140.42 per cent over the same period.
\triangleright, the main mine is selling twice, and the volume is increasing.
During the reporting period, the company produced 30.3 million tons of metal ore, an increase of 4.51 per cent over the same period; the 30.4 million metal metal sales were advanced as planned and the construction of the rigs is expected to be operational in 2019.
Prices have also benefited from higher metal prices, with company lead concentrates (including silver) and zinc concentrates increasing by 1.96 per cent and 115.84 per cent, respectively, both of which contribute to the growth of company performance.
Major asset restructuring landed in January, and the company was officially involved in gold mining. The company’s Black River Rockstone gold mine, which is a rare high-grade gold mine in the country (gold is selected on average 13.8g/t; silver 55.8g/t), started testing production at the end of September 2017, with a relatively low cost in the form of open-air mining. Dealers promised gold for the period 2017-2020.
The release of mine assets of not less than $1.805 billion in withheld non-net profits is expected to quickly release profits from gold mines under the company’s flag since 2018, opening up the company’s future performance space.
In view of the fact that the prices of basic metals and precious metals are constantly moving forward with supply-side reforms, long-term improvements in supply-demand relationships, increased uncertainty leading to a heightened sense of risk avoidance, and that they are expected to enter the upper route or to remain high, as well as the fact that the research assistant: Liu Meng-jung
Metal prices are falling faster than expected, mining projects are moving faster than expected, and mineral grade is falling faster than expected.
Performance meets expectations, gold mine assets are injected into life expectancy, company financial statement data projections are summarized, Fan Jingzong, Bachelor of Arts in High Molecular Materials Science and Engineering, Department of Chemical Engineering, Qinghua University, Master of Materials Science and Engineering, General Engineer, Central University of Technology, Lille, France
In the sub-industry of chlor-alkali, pure-alkali, rubber, titanium powder, detergent polyester, new materials, composting fertilizer, populism, etc., intensive research has been conducted and successful in recommending Qi Fengda, Jacques Technology, Last State Pearl, Trilles, Double Arrows, Norpshin, Singley Union, Central Liu Munjing, Director of Non-ferrous Metal Directions, Antekko, six years of basic metal research experience, and integration into civil securities in 2017.
Sun Woo-Sun, Master of Engineering, Beijing University, joined the civil securities in 2017 for non-ferrous metal industry and company research. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from the regulatory channels, and that the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding, and that, by reasoning and drawing conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.