The product structure continues to be optimized, with a record high performance in 2021: the company's product structure optimized, with a high annual growth in sales of “three-high-high-low” products, with an annual steel production of 1,499,900,000 tons, compared to +3.27 per cent, and a sales volume of 14.5341 million tons, compared to the previous year.
In terms of structure, the “three-by-one” product continued to function, with sales of super-high steel in 2021 equal to +62.7 per cent, and 2 prices: the cost of raw materials was significantly higher and the Māori rate was slightly reduced by 0.51 ptt. The price of iron ore, the main raw material, in 2021, was Qiuzu.
Research assistant: Sun Erchun \triangleright 1 “145” plans to achieve a special steel annual output of more than 20 million tons.
Sinttex steel (000708), which can be transferred, the bulk of this fund-raising goes to projects such as the “three-high one-thousand” project, which is a priority for the company, in which it actively optimizes the structure of its products, with a steady release of 2021 performance.
The product upgrading project (phase II) plans to produce 39,000 tons of “three-high one-thousand” products, and the special smelting product upgrading project (phase III) to produce 52,000 tons of “three-high one-thousand” products. In the broader context of accelerated import substitution of high-end steel materials in aerospace, energy, etc., there is scope for the development of high-end product projects planned by companies.
(3) Synergy in the size of seamless steel tubes can take place. At the beginning of 2021, the company won 40% of the shares of Shanghai Electric Group Ltd. with a core asset of 3.5 million tons of seamless steel pipe production from Tianjin Steel Production Co. Ltd., and the company is fully involved in production management and is now managed and coordinated with the seamless steel pipe production.
The investment proposal is that companies are the world’s leading specialized, special steel manufacturers, and with the "3-high" \triangleright
1 Summary of events: 2021 net profit at historical highs, net gain q3 + 0.91 per cent net gain of q3 + 0.91 per cent net gain not attributable to the parent q3 + 0.32 per cent.
Figure 3: Quarterly operating income of companies and changes in year-to-year ratios Figure 4: Quarterly net profits of companies and changes in year-to-year ratios
In 2021, steel sales increased by 3.87% on a year-on-year basis, of which the “three-high one-high” maintained high growth. In terms of company structure, the “three-high one-high” products continued to function, with the ultra-high-strength steel sales being optimized in 2021.
The cost of raw materials has fallen sharply, and the Māori rate has fallen slightly by 0.51 ptt. In 2021, the price of iron ore, the main raw material, declined as a percentage of the revenue, and interest expenditure increased to higher financial costs.
In February 2022, the company successfully released $5 billion in debt swaps, and the bulk of this fund-raising was directed to projects such as the “three-high one-thres” project, the “three-high one-thres” product upgrading project (phase two), which planned a product production capacity of 39,000 tons.
The Metallurgical Product Upgrading Project (phase III) plans to produce 52,000 tons of “3-to-1” products. In the broader context of accelerated import substitution of high-end steel materials in the fields of air travel, energy, etc., companies are planning high-end product projects, and their product structure is improving.
Steel has broken out by 2 million tons, with sales growing by 17.7% on a year-on-year basis, the world’s first in 11 consecutive years; and the power market demand has been stunned by steel, with the annual sales of a large circle at an all-time high and continuing to be the highest in the country. In the future, the structure of the company’s products will continue to be optimized as “three-by-one” capacity is released.
Synergy in the size of seamless steel plates can be expected. In early 2021, the company competed from Shanghai Electric Group Limited for 40% of the shares of Shanghai Electric Group Steel Co. Ltd., with a core asset of 3.5 million tons of seamless steel pipe production capacity from Tianjin Steel Co. Ltd., and the company is fully involved in production and management, and the company can now manage and synergize.
The production of seamless steel tubes has reached 5 million tons, the world’s largest. Since the Special Steel Management Team was deployed in Tianjin, production has been stable, with a decline of nearly $1 billion in 2021 compared to the previous year.
The company is the world’s leading specialized, special steel material manufacturing company, and as the future “three-to-one” upgrades and transformations gradually move into production, the company’s product structure will be further optimized. We expect the company to return to its motherhood in 2022-2024. 1) Downstream demand is not as high as expected. Steel demand is closely related to the macro-economic environment, and the external geopolitics of the day are currently in motion.
Intensely, it could affect global macroeconomic development, causing demand for corporate products to grow less than expected. 2) The price of raw materials rises faster than expected. The price of raw materials fluctuates significantly. Iron ore imports of steel materials are more dependent and are more affected by the output of the four major mining companies abroad, and iron ore prices are likely to occur in the event of an accident in a mine, etc.
Unreasonable rises and erosion of steel profits. 3) The project is not as advanced as expected. The project has a long construction cycle and unexpected changes in industry, environmental policies, etc. can affect the project’s progress and lead to the company’s profits being released less than expected.
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party, and who have not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) as a result of, without, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in the present report.