The Chinese Pacific Guard was prepared to open doors, and the 21-year valuation was ready for repair. The Chinese Pacificer disclosed three quarterly reports, and net profit was 19,950 million yuan in the first three quarters, compared to 14.3 per cent in the previous quarter.
There has been a slight expansion over the reporting period; there has been an increase in insurance premiums over the previous +15 per cent to $115.6 billion; there has been a marked improvement at the public investment end, with net profit from non-repatriation better than at the same level. China's TPS has revealed three quarterly reports, with a clear improvement over other partners. The company's net profit in the first three quarters has been influenced mainly by: 1) the investment end.
The q3 year-on-year improvement was significant, the size of the investment return and the two-fold increase in the rate of return on the investment;) the 750-day curve, which led to the fall in the overdraft reserve, which in turn reduced profits by $5.5 billion.The new single burden of life insurance operations continued to implement the 2.0 transformation strategy.
The company's transformation strategy continues to push forward health care and health management strategies to hit the epidemic. The company introduced a “one million” medical risk at the end of August, covering the long-term medical risk area, with 15 years of contributory and guaranteed duration, a higher expected product value rate, and a higher future.
Debt, stretching long lives, and effectively reducing long-term gaps. Keeping the q3 capital market warmer, the investment end is making a positive contribution to net profits.
• The company’s growth in the first three quarters continued to be pressured, but insisted on the effective implementation of the reform-promoting channels. The company’s preparations were made earlier than last year, and the main product, the “Girl’s Good Will,” was expected to be based on a market price of 30 October 2020.
There has been a significant improvement in the new list. Corporate stock prices were discouraged by gdr’s issuance in the first half of the year, but the premium for the guaranteed insurance product is currently rising less rapidly than expected; the double impact of market volatility on industry performance, valuation; and the uncertainty of venture investment resulting from lower interest rates.
S.A.I.S.I.C. is qualified for portfolio investment consulting.