Events: The Chinese Taipa published the three-quarterly report for 2020, which generated business income of $341.92 billion, compared with +9.9 per cent, and achieved a net return profit of $19.65 billion, compared with 14.3 per cent. The Chinese Taibo (601601.sh) company continued to work hard on the transformation of the marketing workforce, building three key teams of core manpower, top performers, and new generation, and strengthening technological empowerment.
Q1nbv is expected to recover significantly next year, at a low base last year. A strong growth in non-car insurance contributed to a faster increase in insurance premiums.
Over 30.9% (1h20yoy+29.8%), or 4.6 pct to 37.4% higher than in the same year, car insurance revenue increased by 7.2% (1h20yoy+4%), mainly because of the warmer pace of new car sales. After the comprehensive reform of car insurance, the average cost of the insurance in the short term will be put under pressure, and the company is expected to further consolidate its position with professional capacity.
\triangleright, China too: Life insurance: new business values are under pressure, production risks are overtaken by events, and investment returns have improved significantly. The net return on investment in the previous three quarters was 4.6%, compared to 0.2 ppts, and the total return on investment was 5.5%, compared to the previous three quarters.
China Pacific Quarterly Review: Performance-Driving Investment, Short-Term Performance in the Life Insurance Industry 2020.04 Investment Recommendation: Debt End Life Insurance New Lists and New Business Values are still under pressure. Given the high opening red expectations, the low base over the same period last year, and the competitive returns
Q1nbv is expected to improve significantly next year. Insurance operations are robust, and non-car operations are growing robustly.
Cindasecuritiesco., Ltd. benefits drop sharply; the downside of interest rates will narrow the fixed rate tool spread space and affect accounting profits.
The first year of the new bill (millions of dollars) and growth figure 3: Tai Po Pev Wang Qing Dynasty, Master of Arts, Graduated in International Finance, Business, University of Duren, United Kingdom. He served as Deputy Managing Director, Naval Capital Leasing, and General Manager, Yonghai Leasing Operations, and was employed in China Xinjiang Portfolio, China Chulbo Securities, in 2019.
Judining, a master’s degree in finance at the University of Glasgow in England, worked in Taiwan’s rich state securities and silver securities, and joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in April 2020 for research in the non-banking financial sector. Wang Jing, a master’s degree in finance at Boston University in the United States, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in 2019 for research in the non-banking financial sector.
This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSCP, which provides support and reference in investment decisions for this group of customers, and is strictly agreed on rights and obligations. This report is provided only to the specific client mentioned above. It is not intended to the public that the report is publicly produced by a publicly available information deemed reliable by the CSCR, but the CSV does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the points of view and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the report, or the securities or investments referred to in this report.
The price, value and investment income of the capital may fluctuate to varying degrees, and the historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.