Poo-hwan, profit improvement over expectations, poor generation to maintain high performance 1 Lee Doo-hwan, net interest income and fee income are on a fast track
In terms of asset quality, we maintain a firm ' s rating increase, given that the company ' s profit performance has improved noticeably and below the industry ' s average valuation level.

In addition, corporate investment returns increased by 25.0 per cent in the first quarter of the year, and are expected to be well-connected with bond market performance in early 19. Unsound generation remains high, and provision coverage needs to be raised.
PWB has continued its trend of improvement by dropping 4bp to 1.88% over the first quarter, and we have measured a decline of 8bp to 1.60% over the corporate quarter, with assets of high quality stable and still subject to firm future performance. PWB has increased its coverage by 5 percentage points to 160% over the first quarter, but by comparison, the provision is still at a low level and will need to be further enhanced in the future.
The decline in asset quality is over-expected, financial regulation is over-expected.
PWB publishes the First Quarterly Report 2019, with net profits in the first quarter of 2019 equal to +15.1%, with total assets of $6.55 trillion (+6.79% yoy/, +4.13% qoq). Of this amount, loans + 12.2% yoy/+1.90% qq; deposits + 12.3% yoy/+9.3% qq.
In the first quarter of the year, the net profit of the Bank increased by 15.06 per cent over the year, up 12.01 percentage points from the year-on-year level of 3.05 per cent in 2018.1 The quarterly operating income performance was impressive, rising by 27.02 per cent over the year-on-year, and increased significantly from the year-on-year increase in 2018 (+1.93 per cent in 2018), exceeding market expectations.
In addition to the low base factor, the main benefits were a rapid increase in the size of assets in the first quarter of the year in volume 1: 6.8 per cent over the same period (vs2018q4, +2.5 per cent, yoy); and price: 1 quarterly interest differentials continue to widen the circle, which, on the basis of the closing balance of the period, has been further increased by 1 quarter by 2bp to 2.09 per cent (vs2018q1, 1.78 per cent) over the last four quarters of last year.
The same is true of the 13.2% increase (vs2018 year-round, 14.4%, yoy), which ended the negative performance of the corresponding increase of four consecutive seasons in 18 years, and which is expected to be associated with the gradual introduction of business adjustments and the easing of regulatory marginal pressures since 19 years. In addition, the Department’s investment returns for the first quarter of the year increased by 25.0% over the same period, and are showing a positive performance towards contributions, and are expected to be linked to the favourable performance of the bond market in early 19th.
The increase in deposits was impressive, the net difference continued to rise by 4.1 per cent, with the loan ring increasing by 1.93 per cent, and the company remaining under pressure in the economy during the first quarter. In the context of the upward trend in asset allocation towards standardized bond assets, the net difference increased by 9.55 per cent in the first quarter and by 4.0 per cent in total assets.
Quarterly increases ranging from 1.6 percentage points to 32.9 per cent for liabilities, strong growth in bank deposits at Poi Hua Bank, percentage points to 58.9 per cent for the first quarter, respectively, and further optimization of the end-of-debt structure. With regard to net spread performance, due to optimization of the liability structure and market benefits, provision coverage has to be improved.
PWB continues its trend of improvement by reducing the negative quarterly ring ratio by 4 bp to 1.88 per cent, and we measure the negative production rate of the company by 1 quarter, with 84.6 per cent of loans/unperforming loans above Tianhua, which are considered to be more stringent. PWB has increased its coverage ratio by 5 percentage points to 160 per cent in the last quarter, but by comparison, the provision is still at a lower level and will need to be further upgraded in the future to increase the risk.
In terms of asset quality, the average of poor corporate accounts and poor generation is lower, asset quality is largely high and stable, and future performance is yet to be observed, and further coverage is still needed.
At the valuation level, we maintain an increased corporate rating, and asset quality declines are higher than expected, and financial regulation is higher than expected.