The growth in performance is in line with expectations, internationalization & re-research is solid, three-time jobs (600031.sh) products are core competitive, and revenue-earning gains are higher than expected.
The product’s share in the domestic and foreign markets continues to rise and to grow at a faster rate, digging machines and mixing, and concrete machinery is among the world’s top sales. Of this, the excavator’s sales revenue is $2.607 billion, compared to $2.607 billion.
Growth was 39.46%, with 11 consecutive years of combined sales champions on the domestic market; concrete machinery achieved sales revenue of $17.7 billion, an increase of 31.05% over the same period, and maintained a stable first brand worldwide. Among the rest of the products, the sales of cranes earned $14.34 billion, an increase of 48.86% over the same period, and the vehicle cranes.
The market share continues to rise; revenues from the sale of road machinery have increased by 19.94 per cent over the year, and the market share of flats, ballasts, etc., has continued to rise, with the market share of the amplifiers being the first in the country. In the second quarter of the year, the profits of the industry have declined slightly, mainly as a result of last year’s epidemic, which caused engineering machinery to move after the season.
While the quarterly base is high, the company’s profits continue to grow considerably in the first half of the year, making the best business performance in the same period, so we expect that the company’s performance will continue to rise steadily throughout the year. Risk controls achieve efficient business operations, and digital intelligence transformations have worked well.
Directly pursuing efficient operations, strictly controlling operating risks, during the reporting period the company kept the key products of the Ministry of Industry at a relatively low historical level, with net cash flows from business activities reaching pcts for the same period, and a net interest rate of 15.25 per cent (-2.31 pcts) for sales, all of which we believe could be reduced.
During the reporting period, the company’s digital and intellectual transformation achieved positive results by increasing its capacity by 70%, reducing its manufacturing cycle by 50%, increasing the self-motivation rate by 36 percentage points, and by bringing 11 lighthouse plants to production.
In the first half of the year, the level of corporate costs was also effectively controlled, and we believe that there is still room for increasing future profitability by adding to the company’s intelligent production.
During the reporting period, the company firmly pursued its internationalization strategy by achieving an international sales revenue of $12,244 million, a substantial increase of 94.69 per cent. The company’s share of excavator products in major markets such as North America, India, Europe, etc.
There has been a significant increase in sales, with South-East Asian markets breaking through and continuing to grow rapidly, driving electricity, intelligence, and new product development in several billions of yuan (+80.82%). Companies use electricity as an important strategic layout to accelerate research and development into high-quality, high-quality products.
We believe that the company’s overseas deployment and the advancement of new products will provide a sustained impetus for performance growth. Investment proposals: taking into account the company’s high market share in the engineering and machinery industry, the current industry landscape.
We expect a steady growth in corporate performance. The company’s forward-looking digitalization and internationalization strategy, the transformation of digitalization for the release of productive capacity, we promise ourselves to present this report independently and objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects our research views.
He has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report. He is the head of the Lupe Mechanics Group, a master’s degree in economics from the London School of Political and Economics, a seven-year career in securities, and a member of the Chinese Galaxy Securities Institute in 2021.
Master of Arts, University of Law and Technology, Japan. Bachelor of Science, Harbin Industrial University. Joined the Galaxy Securities Institute in 2018.