Events: 3 1-year-old workers reported in report No. 2021. During the reporting period, companies achieved 67.128 billion yuan in operating income, an increase of 36.47 per cent over the same period; net profit return to mothers was $10.74 billion, a comparison.
Business income increased significantly over the same period, and the market share continued to rise. Companies earned the highest revenue during the same period, with a significant increase over the same period. In terms of revenue collection structure, excavators generated $2.607 billion (+39.46 per cent) in sales during the reporting period, with 11 consecutive years of domestic sales.
Quantum champions, whose share of the market has continued to rise significantly, with the highest volume of sales in the world; concrete machines, which grew by 48.86 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and automobile cranes, which have continued to rise; road machinery, which generated 1.8 billion dollars in sales, which increased by 19.94 per cent on a year-on-year basis; and flat-ground machines, ballasts, etc.
The internationalization business is well under way, with rapid growth in the sales of excavators, cranes and stump machines, and the firm is firmly committed to the internationalization strategy, which achieved international sales revenue of 124.44 during the reporting period.
Billion dollars (year-on-year +94.69%). By region, the Australasia region has the highest sales income, and the Americas has the fastest growing income, with the Australasia region achieving $5.667 billion in revenue during the reporting period (compared to business products, the sales of excavators, cranes and pyrotechnic machines were equal to the sales income during the reporting period).
Rapid growth, with a score of $5,036 billion (+129.04 per cent year-on-year) and 2,512 million yuan (same demand continues to be high, companies ' share of excavators in major markets such as North America, India and Europe has increased significantly, and overseas operations are expected to be important growth points in corporate performance.
In the reporting period, the company invested $3.06 billion in research and development, an increase of 80.8 per cent over the same period, and continued to promote research and development on new, new, electric, intelligent and internationalized products.
The construction of the lighthouse plant accelerated, with seven lighthouse plants being brought to production capacity during the reporting period, with a 70 per cent increase in capacity, a 50 per cent reduction in the manufacturing cycle, a 36 per cent increase in automation, and a cumulatively 11 lighthouse plants completed production, with a significant increase in the overall automation of the company ' s processes.