Mid-2021: Fearless of short-term fluctuations in profit margins, increased investment Research Assistant Loe-Ju incident: Monthly Report of the Company 2021: Realizing revenues of $67.128 billion, i.e. + 36.47 per cent; Motherhood net profit
We expect the q4 industry to return to the trend of accelerated issuance of special debt, recovery of digs and steady prices of raw materials.
In addition, the net operating cash flow of companies in the first half of 2021 was $9,788 million, or +35.75% of the year, which is unprecedented. If the impact of the finance lease operation is excluded, we expect the net operating cash flow to be higher than the net profit of the same period.
In the climb phase, short-term scale effects are insufficient, and the Foreign Association costs are high;3 strategic initiatives to increase channel inputs, including support for distributor marketing services, digital projects, etc. In aggregate, we expect a rise in raw materials prices, lighthouse workshops, etc., resulting in the company's cost pressure of about $1.5 billion (about 2 per cent of revenues over the same period) in the first half of the year, as steel prices stabilize and lighthouse plants produce.
The company’s cost-side pressure loop is expected to improve in the second half of the year.  Increased investment in the “two new triads” of the future and increased confidence in future development. Corporate research and development is directed mainly to the “two new triads” of the future (for details, see the text): 1 electric: with battery prices.
The three main areas of intelligent driving and c-side interconnection are expected to transform into solution providers;3 internationalization: 70 domestic products have been introduced, while overseas digital plants continue to move forward. Companies view R & D as the most effective investment, and we anticipate that their R & D rates will remain around 5% in the future.
▪ Internationalization + digitalization strategy re-created triple jobs that are expected to reshape existing business boundaries 12,244 million yuan in corporate overseas earnings in the first half of 2021, exceeding the total year 2020 level by +94.69 per cent, with companies excluding Pumay's overseas income of 9,619 million yuan, an increase of 135 per cent over the same period.
Review: Performance met expectations, with a leader, Al, out of 70 ICD products, 10 products were launched in the European and American markets in the first half of the year. As the company’s global competitiveness law continues to be strengthened, 2021-04-29
The company continues to deepen its digitalization and intellectual transformation, with 2021h1 driving seven lighthouse plants to complete their production.
The promotion of the 5g industrial Internet, the autonomous development of multi-values in R & D, planning, commerce, manufacturing, logistics, and Trio Work: 2020 Reporting Point Industrial Software, is expected to lead to data-driven business innovation and industrial upgrading in the future, and to reshaping the company ' s existing business boundaries.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: based on increased corporate R & D, investment through channels or short-term profitability rating: performance is largely in line with expectations, 1. Core plate shares are significantly increased and assets are of excellent quality
Dollars, equal to 28.56%, mainly due to short-term Māori fluctuations, increased channels and increased R & D inputs, caused profit-side disturbances. The public sector ' s market share of core products increased significantly in the first half of the year, with high-speed growth of the plates: 1,60.007 billion yuan, compared with 39.46%, with the highest sales in the world; 2 concrete machinery revenues, equal to 31.05%, remained stable.
The first brand of the ball; the three cranes generated $14,034 million, or +48,86% of the year, and their share remained rapidly rising, with good momentum for post-company business such as market fittings, finance leasing, etc. In the second half of the year, we expect the q4 industry to return to a warmer pace, with a surge in the issuance of special-purpose debt, a recovery in digs, and a steady price of raw materials.
We expect that the net operating cash flow will be higher than the net profit for the same period, as companies maintain good terms of dealing with customer credit conditions, the delay rate is contained at historically low levels, and the impact of the leasing operations.
Without fear of short-term fluctuations in profit margins, the next half of the year is expected to improve at the end of the year The Division is also promoting the construction of 15 lighthouse plants, with capacity in the climb phase, insufficient short-term scale effects and higher foreign-exchange costs; 3 companies are strategically proactive in increasing their channel inputs, with sales rates equal to +0.75 pt, mainly in support of distribution businesses
Sales services, digital projects, etc., despite short-term profit margins, help to strengthen the competitive basis of the company’s channels and increase the resilience of its performance. Taken together, we expect that the price increases for raw materials, the lighthouse factory outside association have led to the company’s cost pressure for the first half of the year of about $1.5 billion (about 2% of its income for the same period), as steel prices stabilize and lighthouse production is released, and public prices are released.
Increased investment in the “two new triads” and increased confidence in future development The company considers R & D inputs to be the most effective investment, with a cost of 4.56 per cent for R & D in the first half of 2021, mainly in the “two new triads” promising areas: new products, new technologies, electricization, intelligence, internationalization, of which “three”
The cost of the input has reached almost 40%. Specifically: one electric: we expect the electrodynamic engineering machine products to reach the golden age as future battery prices fall, the company is working on the whole product spectrum, and the pre-disposition captures the future electrodynamic track pioneers; two intelligence: dynamic predictive maintenance, intelligent driving, c-end interconnection.
Three major areas are expected to reshape the business model of the industry, leading to changes in smart products and services;3 internationalization: 70 international products have been introduced, 10 products have been launched in the first half of the year for the European and American markets, and 15 European and American small digs have been launched, while overseas digital plants are continuing. With regard to new products, companies are promoting “sale generation, develop generation, reserve generation”
In the first half of the year, a large number of representative new products were introduced to strengthen market competitiveness. We expect that the company’s R & D rate will remain at around 5% in the future, and that the company will invest more in the “two new triples” of prospects, thus strengthening long-term performance growth.
In the first half of 2021, the company achieved an international sales revenue of 12,444 million yuan, exceeding its total year 2020 level by +94.69 per cent, of which the company did not account for the international sales revenue of 9.619 billion yuan in Putsmeister, an increase of 135 per cent in the same year.1 In the first market, the Asia-Australia region achieved $5,667 million, an increase of 12.05 per cent, compared with 12.05 per cent in major countries in South-East Asia.
The share of the machine was one to two; the European region achieved revenue of 3,751 million yuan, compared to +46.85 per cent; the Americas region achieved revenue for Pumay; the cranes sold 2,512 million yuan, compared to 182.97 per cent; other products, such as machinery, sold 70 pieces of machine products, of which 10 products were introduced in the European and American markets in the first half of the year, and Euro-American small digs had reached 15.
In 2025, the overseas market revenue target was $10 billion (not representing a corporate performance commitment), and with the company’s global competitiveness on the horizon, it is expected that the new growth poles of performance will be met, and that the valuation hub, Davies, will be hit twice.
The company continues to deepen the digitalization and intelligent manufacturing transformation, with the construction of a lighthouse plant: 2021h1 driving seven lighthouses to complete production, with 11 lighthouses to complete production, building three-smart manufacturing management platforms, creating a “industrial brain” for manufacturing, increasing production capacity by 70 per cent, reducing the manufacturing cycle by 50 per cent and increasing automation by 36 per cent.
The overall rate of automation of the process has increased significantly. 2 Industrial Internet construction: promotion of equipment interconnection, development of numbers of data collected, energy management, failure predictions, 5g applications, full-connection of the stake 5g plant, successful entry into the priority industries industry case; 3 Industrial software autonomous development: autonomous development of the fcc-mess system.
Modules and drilling poles weld mcs, as advanced scheduling systems, autonomous in research and development, planning, commerce, manufacturing, logistics Multi-Industrial software are expected to achieve data-driven business innovation and industrial upgrading in the future, reshaping the company's existing operations Volatility in industry cycles; increased competition in industry; international trade disputes; and less-than-expected digital transformation.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board