A steady growth in performance, the success of the internationalization strategy, three heavy jobs (600031) 2021h1 performance rating: three heavy jobs published their semi-annual report in 2021, and companies achieved operating income of $67,498 million in the first half of 2021.
Huang Soo Yoo increased by 36.25 per cent over the same period; net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies were realized by $1073 million, compared to the same increase in Liu Hengwen
A steady growth in performance and a successful internationalization strategy. The firm ' s 2021h1 revenue of $67,498 million, an increase of 36.25 per cent over the same period, is mainly due to the continued competitiveness of its products, and the international domestic market has continued to grow by 94.69 per cent over the same period, accounting for 18.44 per cent of total revenues.
It appears that excavators, concrete machines, cranes, stump machines are selling on the same scale. The R & D industry is leading, the product has a core competitive advantage, and the city’s share continues to rise. Companies have accepted that “all comes from innovation” and cumulatively applied 10671 patents in the first half of the year, authorizing 7759 patents.
In the first half of 2021, the excavator sales generated $2.607 billion, an increase of roe (ttm).
Longer by 39.46 per cent, with 11 consecutive years of combined sales champions on the domestic market, the share of the excavator market continued to be significant
The market share of the lowest price (in dollars) in December continued to rise; the market share of the market was the highest in the country, for example, for flats and ballasts, which earned $1.801 billion, an increase of 19.94 per cent over the same period.
Increased investment in research and development is being actively promoted for the intelligent and digital transformation. Research and development costs for the 2021h1 company are estimated at 3,058 million yuan, an increase of 80.82 per cent over the same period. Research and development is directed towards new products, new technologies, electrodynamics, intelligentization, and internationalization.
Twenty-six electric products. The company uses lighthouses and industrial goods networking, industrial software applications, data management and applications, and data-based technology research for applications that actively drive corporate intelligence figures, and slightly captures a larger share of the overseas market.
The results show that companies will be more cost-effective and better performing. As the technology of companies rises, it is expected that the product market will increase further, and that it will strengthen the corporate industry’s leading position, with the “market index” reference of this rating system being 300 indexes.
This report is presented independently and objectively, and to the best of their knowledge, in a professional and diligent manner, in accordance with the qualifications or considerable professional competence conferred by the Chinese Securities Association. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the relevant business sector, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, and asset management companies. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.