Increased R & D investment, smartness, electrodynamicity, internationalization strategy, event: the company published its 2021st semi-annual report, which generated $67,498 million in income in the first half of the year, and increased its share of the product categories, which continued to grow, showing good performance abroad.
The share of current revenues of $26.07 billion (+39 per cent) has continued to rise significantly; concrete machinery has been collected (+20 per cent), the share of flats, ballasts, etc. has continued to rise, and the share of amplifiers has been the highest in the country.
Increased R & D input and high quality of operations. q2 quarter M & A ratio of 26.48%, ring of lighthouse plants completed production with incomplete drop-out effects during the push process; (3) increased generation of total equity/flow (million shares)
Business support, keeping ahead of schedule. The company has now built 11 lighthouse plants in aggregate. Total market value/flow (millions of dollars). Research and development of new technologies, electrics, smarts, and internationalized products.
Three heavy jobs (600031) "2021q1 continues with the gold stream of $9,788 million, an increase of 35.75 per cent over the previous year, an increase of 35.75 per cent over the record, a high growth rate in the major product industries, and a promising growth in overseas markets.
In terms of intelligence, public research and development and digitalization, the company is being upgraded.
The Division significantly improves the quality, efficiency, and cost of production by means of the visual recognition, industrial software, etc., of autonomous research and development.
3x1 (600031) Autonomous development of high-profile and power-driven industries in the beneficiary sector, cumulatively, 26 electrodynamic products covering excavators, sustained growth in gas performance and corporate competitiveness
With regard to internationalization, there has been a high rate of growth in overseas sales of the company’s main products in the first half of the year, with greater progress in overseas channels, service capacity-building, etc., while companies have developed regulations based on customer needs and emissions from different countries and regions.
Different internationalized products, such as excavators, have accumulated 70 internationalized products, of which 10 were launched in the first half of the year for the European and American markets.
Profit forecasting and financial indicators: Strengthened research and development inputs, looking at industrial research in the fields of smartness, electrodynamicity, internationalization and strategic energy, specializing in industrial chain research, especially robotics and automation-related plates.
Before entering the financial sector, there is a wealth of business experience, and has been involved in production technology, markets, and strategies in the fields of engineering, machinery, and automobiles. The Center, which joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in September 2017, is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities from industrial trends.
In July 2019, the Centre joined the Pacific Stock Exchange in an effort to study industrial fluctuations in search of certainty.
The views expressed reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute the purchase of the securities in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss arising from the use of this report and its contents.