The main factors contributing to the decline in the Māori rate are: 1 raw-material-price-up company down-swing space; 2 lighthouse plant conversions affecting productive capacity and rising human and foreign-trade costs to sustain demand; and 3 increased support for agents.
As we look to the future, on the one hand, the number of lighthouses built and the prices of companies are close to half as far as the depth of 300 is concerned (25 in total and 11 in total), with the effects of digital scale.
Subtract efficiency gains will significantly improve corporate profitability; on the other hand, corporate R & D is mainly directed towards two new (new products + new technologies) trilogy (intelligent + electric + internationalization), forward-looking layouts, emerging future tracks, and increasing product competitiveness.
Under this, we believe that leading companies are still expected to rely on innovation-driven efforts to protect the city's rivers even further, through the baptism of a wave of sand, and eventually realize the Alpha value of “the last one is king and the strong are strong.” In the first half of the year, the company's income rose to an all-time high. By the end of the year, the structure of the company's products remained essentially stable.
Diggers, cranes, concrete machines outperformed the industry. 1 Excavator machines: company excavators generated 26.1 billion dollars, an increase of 39.5 per cent, or 38.53 per cent, over the same period. According to the Institute, in the first half of 2021, the total number of excavators sold was 224,000, an increase of 31.3 per cent over the same year, and companies performed better than industry, with a market share.
Keeping the country number one, with a world leader in sales; two heavy-duty machines: corporate crane revenues of $14.03 billion, now going beyond the industry and increasing market share; and concrete and other machinery: corporate concrete, stumps, roadside machinery revenues of $177.0, 35.9 and $1.80 billion, respectively, increasing by the same amount.
• The internationalization strategy is progressing well, with high growth rates in all regions of the world. In the sub-markets, there has been positive progress in internationalization, with overseas sales of $12,244 million, representing an increase of 94.7 per cent over the same period, representing a share of total income of 135 per cent.
1. Three and a half jobs: higher than expected, lower by two and a half jobs: greater R & D layout for the future, with 3.3 and a series of depths two: the last one is king.
The two cranes sold abroad 2,512 million yuan, an increase of 183 per cent over the same year, and the majority of the region ' s market share, which is 30 per cent, is an absolute leader; the 3 concrete machines sold abroad, which is 3,629 million yuan, an increase of 32.7 per cent over the same period, ranked first in the global market share of company pumps.
• Multifactors have led to a decline in the Māori rate, a combination of higher R&D costs and short-term pressure on profitability. Māori Māori Māori ratio is about 1.6 per cent; 2 lighthouse plant improvements affect productive capacity, with foreign associations and recruiters increasing costs out of supply demand. In the first half of 2021, the company promoted 15 lighthouse plants simultaneously.
In order to ensure the supply of the products, the company has made an out-of-the-office and personnel supplement, which has led to higher costs;3 and has increased support for agents. On the one hand, it has helped the distributors to maintain profitability and maintain a good industry environment, and more than 70 per cent of the distributors are in a profitable position and are in a volatile situation in the industry.
Support for marketing and channel-building is conducive to expanding competitive advantages, while, in line with the digital transformation of Trinity, increasing investment in distributors’ digital projects to ensure sustainable growth of the industrial chain. Looking ahead, in the context of the steady cost of raw materials, with the scale effect of digital transformation,
The company’s overall Māori ratio is expected to recover steadily. The sub-product Māori ratio is influenced by these factors, with a slight decline in the Māori ratio of the company’s main product, except for cranes.
Companies have strengthened their R&D inputs, with net interest rates running short-term pressure. In the first half of 2021, the net interest rate of companies will need to be based on further R&D inputs.
• Research and development has been directed towards two new (new products plus new technologies) trio (intelligent + electrodynamic + internationalization) to improve product competitiveness and forward-looking layout of future new and emerging tracks. In the first half of 2021, the company ' s research and development portfolio has been multiplying its talent since 2020, and to date, 31 researchers have been engaged in research and development.
The total number of staff is close to 7,000, of whom 2,600 are “triple” or nearly 40%. From the “triple” point of view, it is seen that: (1) electrodynamicity: the company targets the electric window period and falls to a reasonable level in battery prices.
At present, the power-drive system research institute has been set up, with an increase of 400%, and 26 items have been introduced, including 1.6 tons of electric sub-digging, car-separation models, co-generation of power stations, reduction of power-exchange time to 3-5 minutes, and the company is in the process of doing so.
Extension of power switching and fast-loading technologies to medium-sized excavators. (2) Smartness: Unmanned technology has made a major breakthrough and has reached commercial construction conditions.
Operations, smart cabins, auxiliary driving, etc., simultaneous layout forecasting maintenance, c end-to-end interconnection, unmanned driving, building vehicle networking platforms and providing asset-data-based services to clients. (3) Internationalization: different products developed according to national and regional standards, compared to projects under development
In the first half of 2021, internationalized products were introduced. In the case of excavators, international products accumulated 70, and in the first half of the year, 10 new machines were created for the European and American markets, and small digs accumulated to 15, which were digitized and reliable in the European and American markets.
The business model of “product-plus services” will open up the growth of the company in the first half of the year, with capital spending amounting to $5.45 billion, an increase of 228% over the previous half of the year.
A cumulative 11 have been completed, with 70 per cent improvement in capacity, 50 per cent reduction in the manufacturing cycle, 36 per cent increase in automation, a significant reduction in the supply cycle for flexible production and a significant reduction in efficiency gains; on the other hand, autonomous development of industrial software and equipment that are highly compatible with itself, and external empowerment.
The center of production, fcc-mes, the subsoil unit and drill pole welding mcs, ass advanced scheduling systems, a machine visual platform centred on intellectual ability, etc., now covers over 100 billion-scale smart factory service markets, and the market is still fast and long-term.
In the future, global product competitiveness will continue to increase, maintaining a “buy-in” rating. Economic growth has declined significantly, and capital panels have not worked as expected; overseas market openings have been hampered; and the cost rate has been declining over the period of urban figure 4.
Net cash flows from operating activities were equal to net returns from repatriation, 3-to-1 branch operations in 2010 - 2021h, with 95 per cent increase in overseas income in 2020h-3.
In 2020h, 3 1-year-old domestic income amounted to 18.4 per cent. The economy experienced a sharp decline in economic growth, with less than expected capital-remedial panels; offshore market openings were blocked; and market competition intensified.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.