Chinese car (600741); cold in the city, 13 04, 2020, but see new energy car heat management.
(ii) The global epidemic has exacerbated the global downside, and overseas operations such as the Chinese flag dynasty will also be hit.
The company’s business is researching, producing and selling spare parts for independent cars, new energy vehicles and autopilot-related packages are still booming.
The system will be more resilient in terms of spare parts for the new energy vehicle, which will be represented by the system.
The design and manufacture of new energy vehicle batteries, electrical and thermal management systems and their zero-forming and modular, functional, electrical, thermal, and thermal components are among the many subsidiaries operating under the flag of the Chinese automobile, and the industry is already at an early stage, presumably generating around 1 billion dollars in 2019.
Works, new energy, etc., are currently the largest domestic business, subsidiary China 3 power is the accelerator, powered by electric compressors with new energy vehicles in 2019, with the largest variety of products, the widest range of customers, application development capabilities.
The heat pump air conditioners that address the dysentery of a pure electric vehicle during the winter season are also accompanied by the most powerful integrated car parts and components listed by companies with multiple major vehicle types.
The heat management system is related to performance bottlenecks, such as the continuation of the mileage of new energy vehicles. As the market for new energy vehicles grows, it will be possible to create a more efficient environment for the energy sector.
The 2020-04-29 report is expected to reveal the high threshold of the heat management system, the relative stability of the competitive pattern and the high bargaining power of the spare parts industry.
In 2019, Chinese cars collected $144 billion, a decline of 8% over the same period, but the decline was significantly lower than 12% of the upper group's total sales. The share of business with the company's top-up department was 1.6% lower than the same time, at “zero.”
There is a decline in sales of domestic and domestic vehicles, a decline in scale effects, and an increase in R & D inputs. The company’s overseas layout tends to be fragmented, with total equity/flowa shares (in thousands), which we believe are less affected by the overseas epidemic than its European and American competitors, with a greater potential to rebound after the epidemic.
Unit b/h (millions of units) Research Assistant: Jang Yoon, the source of financial prosperity and prosperity in the East
The new energy car heat management system is a key system that can influence the performance of new energy vehicles, such as the continuum. In terms of sales and the value of the bicycles, the future is likely to be more resilient.
The design and manufacture of new energy vehicle batteries, electric power and heat management systems and their parts and components are the subject of a more comprehensive industrial layout. Individual operations are less resilient due to the hundreds of billions of sizes of cars in China. However, given the high growth of new energy vehicles and the public sector,
The Division is a leader in a number of related operations, and we believe that by 2025 the new EPPs will be able to account for more than 10 per cent of corporate revenues. Such new operations are generally high unit prices and high Māori rates, and therefore have a greater impact on profits.
The value of the new energy vehicle heat management bicycles is around $3,000 higher than the fuel truck, and is one of the areas where many spare parts companies come from where the new energy vehicles are more resilient. Compared to fuel trucks, the new energy vehicles are complex in terms of air conditioners, air conditioners (consortium) systems and battery heat management systems.
In Shanghai, the Male's heat system and the Chinese field Pilberg pump technology. We assume that the new energy heat management business in 2019 generated $530 million.
The air-conditioning compressor for the 58% increase in the fuel load is engine-driven and has a simpler structure, with a bicycle value of around $600. And the electric car, with 208,000 deliveries per year, is estimated to have significantly increased from 10.6% to 17.2% in the new energy vehicle market.
One of the bottlenecks, such as the continuation of mileage, is the higher bargaining power of the manufacturer. The Chinese three electric compressors (including fuel-aided and new energy vehicles) delivered 8.28 million units in 2019, down 6 per cent from the same year, better than the passenger car market. Figure 1: Traditional air conditioners compressors
The heat pumps are the reverse system for domestic air conditioning and are much more efficient than the electric heating (ptc) programme.
The “mileline loss rate” is only 12%, and this is as high as 3540% on other branded electric cars using the ptc program.
The power and heat sources required for fuel vehicle air conditioning operations are from engines; electric vehicles cannot use vehicle-based air-conditioning systems similar to fuel vehicles because they do not have engines. Most cars simply restore power and heat sources (ptc programme) by installing power drivers and heat heaters, which is equivalent to a high-powered wind heater with high electricity consumption, which has a greater impact on the mileage of winter renewal.
Shrinks, drives the refrigerant to complete the "reverse carno cycle" and transfers heat from extra-car heat and compressor work absorbed during the refrigerant evaporation to the vehicle, which is much more efficient than the electric heating system, with less effect on the continuation of the mileage. Annual electric compressor harvests are expected to reach $1.8 billion. 50% penetration rate of the heat pump in the new energy vehicle in 2025, 10% rate in the Chinese Three Power Markets alone.
The car kit is valued at 2,400, and the company's heating pump air conditioning operations are expected to collect $720 million in 2025. The Chinese three power companies are supposed to collect $7.3 billion in 2025, an increase of 27% over 2019.
There are also steady developments in areas such as water coolers. In 2019, 22,000 packages were released, and Eastern financial booms were analysed, profit forecasts and valuations were reported in 2.2019.
In 2019, Chinese automobiles collected $144 billion, down 8% from the same year, but the decline was significantly lower than 12% of the upper-mortex total sales. The share of business done by the company with the upper-mortality department fell 1.6% from the same year, continuing on the path of “zero-scale, neutral, and internationalization.”
The new global crown epidemic of 2020 will have a significant impact on the global vehicle industry, and it is expected that most of the traditional vehicle fleets in China will fall with the city, but better than their European and American competitors. Twenty% of companies are overseas, mainly for subsidiaries with long-fenced accessories, and are in the interior of Europe and America. The current overseas epidemic is still serious, and we assume that this sector will have recovered or declined by more than 20% in 2020.
We assume that companies are less hit by the global epidemic than their European and American competitors. Looking back at the response to the global epidemic, we believe that we are affected by the strong growth of new energy vehicles, auto-drive operations, and a sharp decline in fuel sales.
The current growth drivers of new energy traffic are still dominated by subsidies, administrative measures (restricted, restricted) and less affected by the epidemic. New energy vehicles, such as Tesla, are less affected.
Business will be the main driving force behind the company’s business rebound and beyond the market for passenger cars. It is assumed that the revenues from the new energy vehicle heat management/accompanies Tesla/meb in 2020 will reach 7.2.12.45 billion yuan and 1,017.11 billion yuan in 2021. It is expected that by 2025, the new energy portfolio will be able to take over the company’s wealth and wisdom.
Wall City Automobile (600741). The city is cold, but see the new energy car heat management upboard. Figure 10: The collection and forecast of cars in China and $6.74 billion, corresponding to ps. 162, 1.9 and 2.14, respectively. The current share price corresponds to the 2020-2022 pe values of 13, 11, 11 and 11, respectively.
9.8 times the value of cars in China is low among comparable auto parts and components, maintaining a “recommended” rating; the epidemic lasts longer than expected; the new energy vehicle support policy is not as good as expected; and the source of financial prosperity in the East is a source of financial growth.
The source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Liu Xiaoixing B.A., University of Qinghua, Master of Arts, cfa holder, 7 years of technical and managerial experience in the automobile industry at home and abroad.
Joined the East Hing Stock Exchange, where he studied the automobile industry, and Zhang Yoon Xian Transport University, where he joined the Master of Finance in 2019, where he studied the automobile industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports that the city car (600741) is cold, but seeing the new energy car heat management doesn't guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points of view and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on this basis have nothing to do with the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.