The integration of the mines, the future of the re-establishment of the mountain gold, the third in the series of reports on gold in Shandong, the investment rating: buy-in (upgrade)
• Security checks have affected performance, and the resumption of work has progressed in an orderly manner The first half of the year saw a decline in performance, mainly as a result of the cessation of production of security checks, which has now returned to 80% of daily gold production, with an annual production plan of about 24.5 tons.
Nearly 12 months of maximum/minimum unworked, four gold mines have yet to recover to the same level last year, while the resumption is still under way, with an estimated production of 24.5 tons of mineral gold in 2021 and an annual production of 40 tons of mineral gold in 2022.
The company digs into existing mines, plans for the Western Ridge of San Francisco.
The company’s prices compare to the trend of 300 deep gold mines in Shandong Province, where the company is actively involved in resource consolidation: mining outside the province is dominated by mergers and acquisitions and gold mines produce 2-3 tons of annual gold.
With the consolidation of the group’s high-quality gold resources at the company level, it is possible, based on the breakdowns and projections above, to recreate 80 tons of mountain gold per year.
Mining enterprises are exposed to the risk of shutdown as a result of security incidents; gold price volatility affects the risk of profits of the enterprise; capacity recovery and expansion are not as high as expected; and overseas mining construction is affected by factors such as politics.
The first half of the first half of the year saw a decline in performance, mainly affected by the cessation of production of security checks. The first half of the year in the mine in the province was affected by the cessation of work due to security accidents, with a greater impact on performance.
The Division realized 11,867 million yuan, a decrease of 64.09 per cent in the same year; the mother lost 1,363 million yuan in net profit, two mine accidents (all local enterprises) in the same year ' s area, and the beginning of security inspections in February in the interior of the province of non-coal mines, which had a significant impact on the company ' s mineral production.
Mineral gold production is 9.80 tons, a decrease of 10.23 tons, a decrease of 51.07 per cent. Mineral gold operations contribute mainly to Maori, and the reduction in production has a greater impact on performance. In terms of revenue composition, the company’s principals are 100 million yuan and 1,804 million yuan, with a ratio of 30 per cent, 52 per cent and 15 per cent, respectively, and the largest outsourcing alloys.
Māori accounts for the bulk of Māori, which in 2021 amounted to $354 million, representing 85 per cent of the three major businesses. Māori is 50 per cent in previous years, compared to 9.91 per cent in the first half of the year, mainly affected by the suspension of production, a sharp decline in revenues and a first half of the year.
The cost of mineral gold in the first half of the year was about $339/g. The cost of gold in the first half of the year 2021 was about $339/g. The cost of gold in the first half of the year was about $339/gram.
Data, which can be estimated for each period of mineral gold, the results are not so different from the company’s annual reports, and the above measurements, by comparing the cost to price of gold, can reflect the evolution of the mineral gold. The cost of gold mining is relatively fixed, and the company’s cost of gold is high, in addition to the fixed cost amortization in the first half of 2021.
In addition to these increases, the cost of grammes has been relatively stable, and the changes in Maori are mainly due to higher sales and higher gold prices. Mineral gold production and grade have declined: corporate mineral gold production has stabilized at around 40 tons, with domestic mineral gold production stabilizing at around 30 tons.
The mineral volume of Ladro is 8.95/8.54/7.02 tons, respectively. In 2021 h1, domestic production declined by 51.59 per cent and 48.93 per cent, respectively. Domestic production was mainly affected by the suspension of security checks, the spread of the epidemic and the late start of phase6.
In the first half of the year, the country ' s original mineral content was 1.72 g/t, a decrease of 0.73 g/t in the same year, a decrease of 34.54 per cent; abroad, the original mineral value was 0.79 g/t, a decrease of 0.07 g/t in the same year, a decrease of 7.71 per cent. The recovery rate of the country ' s mines was 91.46 per cent, a decrease of 0.29 pt in the same year, a decrease of 0.31 per cent; and the recovery rate of the country ' s mines was 72.96 per cent, a decrease of 0.579 pt in the same year.
Production of mineral gold (tons)  production of mineral gold (tons)  production of mineral gold (tons)  1.2 gold production resumed to 80 per cent per day, with an annual production plan of approximately 24.5 tons per year
On 22 September, the company issued an announcement detailing the progress made in the resumption of the mine, with the company’s total daily gold production in the mine in September 2021 amounting to approximately 82% of the same period in 2020.
From 1 to 20 September 2021, the company attached great importance to the rehabilitation process, with only Punley mining in the province remaining to work. Since February, the provincial mines have been subjected to unprecedented security checks, with experts stationed in mine sites since the survey to carry out their scavengering.
The company and the provincial mining authorities have been active in communicating with each other. Since July, efforts have been stepped up to identify six priority areas with a view to targeting, setting up 12 workshops, and making the Sando Island gold mine the first to be reworked. As a result of the company’s efforts, only the Honolulu mine in the province has yet to recover.
The gold mines in Punyi have largely not returned to production, and the company is actively applying for a resumption of work and inspection. Four major gold mines have not yet returned to the same level last year, and production is still ongoing, with 24.5 tons of mineral gold expected to be produced in 2021.
The gold mine has returned to normal production; the gold mine in San Francisco, the new town gold mine, the Xiaojiang gold mine, the gold mine in Linglong gold mine has resumed production and production capacity has not yet reached the same level as last year. The returned mine has resumed work and resumed production in early September; the Linglong gold mine has recently returned to production by resuming work.
A Board of Directors decision was issued, stating that, based on the current progress in the rehabilitation of mines in the province, the company had established a life plan for 2021: approximately 24.5 tons of mineral gold production.2
2.1 Resource extraction + intra-provincial consolidation, with Tanin playing the main theme, Trisan Island, Jiaji, Shinjing City, Linglong as the company ' s main mine, contributing 60 per cent of company production and 80 per cent of provincial production. In 2020, Trisan Island, Jia, Shinjang, Linglong each achieved 7, 7.5/4.5/3.8 tons of mineral gold.
All four major mines are located in smoke-plate areas and are well developed, with a relatively high level of surplus reserves, which can provide stability, sufficient depth of existing mines, a high potential for the three mountain islands, and an estimated 10 tons of gold per year from the Western Ridge.
The Western Ridge mining site is still under exploration, and the Western Ridge gold mine is adjacent to the Three Mountain Island gold mine, located in the far-flung area of North-West Lai County, and is the largest single-body gold deposits found in the country today. The mineral body extends over 2,000 metres, with a local thickness of 67 metres, and has now detected a gold metal volume of 382.58 tons with an average grade of 4.52 g/ton.
It has been officially transferred to the exploration phase, with a projected gold resource of over 550 tons, with a potential economic value of over $150 billion. Developments now provide companies with about 10 tons of production per year.
On 5 December, the holding subsidiary announced its intention to acquire 100 per cent of the shares of the gold-mining group, the Ludi gold mine, the gold from the land mine and 45 per cent of the shares of the Hong Kong mine, at a transfer price of $4.31/20.34/26.13/2054 million, respectively. This note is based on the Jio family, the new city-based belt, and has the feasibility of integrating the mine rights along the existing mine rights border.
In Shandong Province, the integration of gold mines has accelerated and companies have been actively involved in the consolidation of resources. In order to regulate mining rights and ensure safe and environmentally sound production, Shandong Province is actively promoting the integration of gold mines and the consolidation of smoke stations in the main production areas.
The plan has been approved by the provincial government.
Good, it's more difficult to inject the listed company, and the group will focus on good quality resources once the reserves have been combed and the certificates of authority have been processed, and the gold mine will be opened up outside the province, with 2 to 3 tons of annual gold. In 2021, Shandong gold completed its merger of Heung Hing gold and acquired its largest single gold mine in Xinjiang, the gold mine in 2020.
The company also has teams active in the search for high-quality projects in Xinjiang, Qinghai and other producing areas for study and acquisition. 2.2 Focus on the development of the Cardinalinamdini project, with robust overseas M&As.
The gold in Shandong is purchased for the Australian Cardinalresources at a price of $1.075 per share for the three Ghanaian gold projects held by the namdini, bolgatanga and subranum, which, according to a research report, are expected to be released in 2023.
The namdini project is located in the town of Bolgatanga, capital of the Upper Province of Ghana, north of the border of Burkina Faso, approximately 45 km, N10 highway directly to the mine area (distance).
Approximately 25 km from the national electricity grid, 39 km from the annual river of volta, approximately 7 km from the mining final border of 1100 m*350 m* 440 m, confirmed + credible gold reserves of 157.2 tons at an average grade of 1.13 g/t (border product 0.5 g/t, gold price 1,300 US$/t); project discovery + control resource volume of 203.1 tons, average grade
1.12 g/ton (border grade 0.5 g/ton, gold price US$ 1950/ounce); 13 years of mining life and 8.9 tons of annual gold will be the largest single-body mine of Shandong gold. Artisanal mining prior to acquisition has been withdrawn for 15 years.
The epidemic has affected the production of Belladraphase6 and will increase production once the leaching device is installed. Shandong is currently working on a mining site, mainly in Argentina, with a 50% share in the mine, and Barrick, respectively. In 2020, the yield of equity mineral gold was 7.02 tons, a decrease of 17.74% compared to the previous year, with a relatively low but current shift in the grade of bell minerals.
The marketed phase 6 block has a relatively high grade, although the leaching device of phase 6 has been delayed by the effects of the epidemic, with an estimated equity production of 4.04-4.67 tons in 2021, which will continue to contribute to the production of mineral gold. 2) Mine excavations: the Western Ridge gold mine in San Francisco is expected to produce 10 tons per year, with the potential to increase production in both the returning and the peak wood.
3) Intra-provincial integration: Group infusion of resources is expected to increase production by 13-15 tons per year, with additional incremental consolidation; 5) Overseas M & A: Katinona Mutini is expected to produce 8-9 tons per year.
Current capacity: planned production of 24.5 tons in 2021 and expected annual production of 40 tons of mineral gold in 2022
Overseas M & As: Katinona Mutini is expected to produce 8 to 9 tons per year Mountain gold was proposed in the 14th Plan at the Group level to “rebuild a new Shandong gold” and, as the group's high-quality gold resources are consolidated at the listed company level, on the basis of the above analysis and projections, it is 80 tons a year.
Figure 14 Gold 14 planning targets: Mine enterprises at risk of shutdown due to security incidents; gold price fluctuations at business profit risk; recovery and expansion below expected risk; overseas mine construction at risk due to factors such as politics.
The data and information used in this report are made available in an independent and objective manner using information that is legally compliant. I do not provide any assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of the information, nor do I guarantee that the information and advice contained therein will not change. The information and comments in the report are for information purposes only. I have not been, are not, and will not be, received in any form, directly or indirectly, as a result of specific recommendations or views in this report.