In keeping with autonomous innovation, the dynamic layout of “arithmetic plus connectivity” is robust, and the layout of “arithmetic plus connectivity” continues to be innovative. Companies are the rare 5g end-to-end equipment solution providers with product coverage wireless, wired, cloud computing, etc.
End products and professional communications services, covering more than 160 countries and territories. Full year 2023 Industry: operators and Internet manufacturers increased their numeracy deployments and 5g-a opened their businesses this year. (1) China ' s accelerated server market was $9.4 billion in size, an increase of 104 per cent.
Commercial capital expenditure continues to slash the arithmetical side, moving the recent collection of pc servers (approximately $16.4 billion) with a total of 52 weeks ' maximum/minimum prices and ai servers (approximately $19.1 billion) at an all-time high, with communications in the pc servers.
Internet producers have recently increased their capital spending relative to the same ring, and companies have worked with 100% of the manufacturers. (2) For connectivity, 5g-a commercial year 2024, operators and China are actively deploying 5g-a network.
Technology has been applied to low-altitude economic vehicles, which are the core of low-altitude vehicle location sensing. The market for low-altitude industries in our country is over trillion in size, and 5g-a technology benefits low-altitude economies.
(i) Communications network deployment is inherited, downstream clients tend to (2) value R & D innovation, and R & D costs ranked second among listed companies in 2023. The public sector is a domestic firm with only 2 nm to import 5 nm chips, a subsidiary with Microelectronics in 2022.
The revenue is over $10 billion, ranking the top five in the domestic chip design industry. (3) Self-research capability is strong, both on the general server and on the i server. Micro-research cpu chip.
In February of this year, business registered. Based on autonomous controlled technology, the company launched three different forms of popularization, China Communications (000063.sz) and 2023, operating robustly and developing and maintaining high-intensity investment in server platforms, including national production x 86 architecture cpu platform, self-research zfxcpu platform, etc.
Mid-Engine Communications (000063.sz) - Three-quarter research and development investments have been increasing, and efforts have been made to construct Servers have published series of products for large models of different sizes and for small and medium-sized model scenes, in which Mid-Engine Communications (000063.sz) increased their net profit in the first half of 2023.
R6900g5gpu servers support eight British Weddahh20s or wall chipes. q1 q1 servers delivered in 2024 to operators and Internet companies.
Profit forecasting and valuation: maintenance of profit forecasting, with companies expected to return to net profit fractions in 2024-2026 Risks; downstream demand assumptions, such as arithmetic networks, assuming less than expected risk, other risks such as trade frictions.
Midstream communication is the global scarce 5g end-to-end equipment solution provider, flexible to meet the diverse needs of different operators and political and business clients globally and the pursuit of rapid innovation through a full range of wireless, cable, cloud computing, end-products and professional communication services.
Communications in China can be divided into three lines of operator network business, government business business and consumer business, depending on the client's dimensions. Of these, there is a business overlap between the operators' and the companies' sections, such as cloud computing, the int products, the operators' network: a focus on the evolving needs of the operators' network, providing wireless access, wire access, and the network.
Innovative technology and product solutions, such as communication networks, core networks, telecommunications software systems and services.
Consumer business: focuses on the intellectual experience of consumers, taking into account industry needs, developing, producing and marketing products such as mobile phones, mobile data terminals, home information terminals, integration innovation terminals, etc.
Software applications and value-added services.
Over a quarter of the world's population. After more than 30 years, the company's traditional business has grown steadily and has accelerated the development of its second-curve main product through four phases.
Major research and development of digital process control switch zx500: The Mobile Product Department was established in 1998 to enter the mobile phone market. Second phase of the 3g era (1999-2011): client outreach from operator to consumer customers; Annual reliance on the cdma technology terminal contract.
Phase 3 of the 4g era (2012-2017): the \triangleright module, which basically forms the three main sectors of operators, consumers and government; the launch of the first single chip 4glte smartphone in 2012; and the breakthrough of hundreds of billions in 2015
4th Phase 5g (since 2017): Three Business Modules for Operators, Consumers, and Government Enterprises \triangleright
With development; becoming a full-scale provider of solutions. Sub-operational products: the share of traditional communications operators’ network operations is rising year by year, operating robustly. More than 50% except in 2012, with China and the United States trading friction effects starting again in 2019.
Started to pick up; revenue levels in government and business were relatively stable, benefiting from the accelerated trend of the digital transformation of enterprises, and the Division actively distributed 5g wireless series of innovative products; followed by consumer business, with $27.91 billion, or 22 per cent, with a new version of the video-guided mobile technology under the new screen and a jump in household information end-scale; and business camps in government.
13.53 billion yuan, or 11 per cent, is a steady expansion of energy, transport, government, finance, the Internet, large enterprises, equipment and databases.
Figure 4: The composition of the market revenue in the year 2023 in the Middle Epidemic (%) by market: the share of domestic revenue in communications rose year after year 2018. The share of domestic income in the 2023 rise will remain high; the expansion of overseas markets will be more affected by the trade friction of 2018.
The revenue share has continued to decline, but given the upgrading, re-engineering of overseas networks, and the increased demand for communications from the epidemic, companies are expected to improve their performance in overseas markets by continuously optimizing their niche products.
Two years ago, the second curve of the communications definition selected anchoring servers and storage, terminals, 5g applications, auto electronics, digital energy, etc., as a breakthrough. Starting last year, companies continued to invest in high-intensity research and development on “connection plus arithmetic” technology, widening the main channel of “connection” and accelerating the pace of expansion towards “calculation.”
Connectivity: Communications in the wireless are expanding into vertical sector markets, working with operators to build one more example of a pole application. In the mining industry, for example, the “Dual-frequency 5g Networked Smart Coaling” project, created by the Communications Partnership, was awarded the 2023 gsma Energy Challenge Award.
In a limited area, the main products of the industry, such as the central newsletter 200g/400gotn, 10gpon/50gpon, ranked second in the world in the 10gpon market share, otn200g.
In January, the company launched a new generation of fttr products, Roompon 5.0, with an optional version supporting 3,000 mbps w-fi experience, equipped with a 10-inch full-light screen, enabling operators to open the new landscape of intelligent household business.
\triangleright \triangleright properties \triangleright \, flexible expansion, isomer \, big storage, stability, etc., not only maintaining a leading share in the operator’s market, but also deepening the financial, energy, Internet, etc. industry markets.
“Data-processing” dpu chips and programs have been developed, and as the first partners, they have moved to China to the “Cyce” dpu Innovation Open Laboratory. The company’s cloud computer terminal, which works with operators to set a standard for sales, doubled its revenue in the first half of 2023 and sold in the domestic operators’ market.
Global Product Leadership Award. China-China newsletter released 3.0 to accelerate the development of a big industry model for the application of the ai. China-China communications self-researched large nebula models have been used in a number of scenarios: 30% increase in coding efficiency based on large models for research and development; and large-scale enterprise applications.
Models, where companies achieve more than 20% of high-frequency (HF) operations; a larger industrial model at the Nanjing River base, which reduces single-line production time by 88%; and a 50% improvement in process documentation efficiency. From the digital nebula 1.0 to 3.0, communications have joined more than 1,000 head partners in a successful intellectual transformation of industry.
In the case of hardware and software, there is a multi-grade high-value hardware base and easy-to-use training platform, built-in mainstream models and ai applications. In the case of services, customized and surrogate services are provided.
There's a lot of management experience, a lot of business compliance, a clear structure for communications, and a new set of shareholders in communications control in China is a three-way joint venture between Xian Weiwe, space wide-woo, China-Xing-Sing and China-Sing.
In April 2017, he publicly transferred his holdings of 2.5% of the new and emerging shares, which were transferred to Xi An Wei, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xin, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xi, Xin, Xi, Xi, X, X, X, Xin, Xi, Xi, X, Xin, Xin, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, Xi, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X
Two are recommended and four are recommended by the Young Men's Association, accounting for 33.33 per cent, 22.22 per cent and 44.45 per cent of the new Board of Directors.
After the trade friction incident in 2018, the company restructured its board of directors at the request of the United States, replacing its second-tier cadres and above with a professional compliance coordinator. Most of the new replacements, apart from those from China Communications shareholders (Sieng Weibo Research Institute, Space Industries Group), were promoted within China and worked for many years in the company.
After more than 70 years, executives at the level are generally young and motivated. Cost controls are good, performance is robust, and communications camps are gradually recovering from 2019 and continue to improve.
30,578 million yuan, or 4.93 per cent more than the previous year, and 2,741 million yuan, or 3.74 per cent more than the previous year. According to quarterly data, the company’s operating income rose steadily from 2019 to 2019, with a significant increase in the q3 return net profit, which amounted to 2,657 million yuan, falling in 2020, followed by a positive return.
The level of Māori in communications is stable and net interest rates are consistent with the Roe trend. The decline in Māori in 2020 was evident, mainly because it was in the early stages of the development of the 5g equipment vendor, with companies likely to sacrifice some Māori in advance to gain a share in the Māori business, and higher prices for raw materials upstream in the second half of 2020 could also have an impact on Māori.
The trend towards better management of communications costs has continued to increase. The cost of R & D has not fluctuated significantly, even after three losses, up to 20.35% in 2023, creating a corporate leader in ict technology.
The digital economy is expected to become an important engine for the country’s economic development, and has been proposed on several occasions by such important institutions as the Central China Republic, the State Council, the Development and Reform Commission, and the Ministry of Trade and Communications.
The beginning of the party’s 20-year spirit is a crucial year for the implementation of the 14th Five-Year Plan. As our digital economy-related development strategy continues to evolve, the new generation of digital innovation is active and rapidly expanding, accelerating its integration with various sectors, which strongly underpins the construction of a modern economic system and economic and social development.
On 19 February 2024, the State Council's State Finance Committee convened a conference on the theme “Ai enabling industry rejuvenation” to promote artificial intelligence at the central enterprise level. The meeting concluded that accelerating the development of artificial intelligence is a functional mission of the State capital to seize strategic opportunities and nurture it.
At the end of January, the Secretary-General of the National Council of State, the Secretary-General of the Council of State, the Press Speaker, announced that the National Commission would be planning a major project to select the best possible way to build a national resource base.
In the last two years, the company, represented by the operator, has continuously increased its computing effort and deployment. Local governments have actively deployed numeracy policies that are well planned in terms of numeracy, mobility, storage, etc.
With the rapid growth of the server market, operators and Internet producers are investing in the area of numeracy, our server market will exceed $250 billion in 2024, accelerating the rapid growth of servers.
The size of the site increased from 131.86 billion yuan in 2019 to 1980.8 billion yuan in 2022, with a compound annual average growth rate, and the size of the server market will reach 24,56.1 billion yuan annually. idc data show that China ' s accelerated server market reached $9.4 billion in 2023, an increase of 104 per cent compared to 2022; China ' s services are projected to accelerate by 2028.
The construction of the National Centre for Ideas has accelerated. As the government, operators, and the Internet have strengthened the planning for the construction of the Centre for Ideas, our Centre for Ideas is accelerating its landing.
China's mobile company completed investment of $18.3 billion in 2023 (slightly below the previous guideline of $183.2 billion), and China's telecommunications achieved capital expenditure of $98.8 billion in 2023 and is expected to achieve capital expenditure of $96 billion in 2024.
In 2023, China connected a capital expenditure of 73.887 billion yuan (same as -0.4 per cent), slightly lower than the previous reference to the \triangleright telecommunications business moving to a high-growth numeric intelligence business.
Three major operators have launched tenders for IAC equipment this year: China has recently launched large-scale purchases for the new IPC from 2024 to 2025. Planning for the purchase of 7994 training ai servers and 60 Ethernet exchanges; prior to this, a new 2023-2024 was moved.
A total of 2,454 (1204 for 1-11 and 1250 for 12), respectively, were procured for 12 packages of a training server for the IAC project (test network). 4175 training-type servers were procured for the 2023-2024 i server for China Telecommunications, of which the g series
\triangleright (cpu) Training Servers total bid 1977 (total amount of approximately $2.78 billion) and i Series (intelcpu) Training Servers total bid 2,298.
On 23 March 2024, China connected the first collection of the ai server and, according to the pre-trial announcement, China connected the purchase of 2503 ai servers and 688 key network equipment roce switches. Table 6: Chinese telecommunications arithmetic servers (2023-2024)
Increased server deployment by mobile operators. In May 2024, China moved to publish the results of the 2024 year pc server and the Ii server collection, which totalled approximately 16.4 billion yuan and 19.1 billion yuan, respectively. Figure 21: Procurement information on the 2024 pc server collection in China (1)
Figure 22: China ' s 2024 pc server collection procurement information (2) China ' s communications are leading the telecommunications sector server. idc statistics show that, in the q3 quarter of 2022, China ' s communications server has reached the top five of the country.
All three major Internet producers have indicated an increase in investment in the ai area, with domestic cloud producers spending rising at the same time. According to data from the bad three cloud producers, 23q4bat capital expenditure, taken as a whole, totals $20.4 billion (+50 per cent, $7.52 billion (+33 per cent) and 3.66 billion (+90 per cent) per cent of 23q4 capital expenditure.
According to the Chinese Big Model Capability Assessment 2024, published by Frost Sullivan, the top four models, such as rhetoric, tether, etc., are in the country’s first echelons and are above the international average model, so that the four big models in the country have the level of competitiveness of the dominant international model.
Figure 23: Capital spending on three major domestic cloud producers (millions of dollars) Figure 24: Communications servers in large domestic models that combine competitiveness bubble maps fully meet 100% customization requirements. 2023, Communications and 100% joint announcement.
The central communications server supports 100-degree "one-size-fits-all" and provides a stronger arithmetic support for the application of the product, contributing to the industrialization of the application and ecological prosperity of the product. In response to the need for 100-degree intelligent cloud, in-depth learning, the communications server product is designed with high density, modularization, refinement, high performance, reliability, easy to expand, etc.
Advantages such as ease of management, excellent performance in the fields of ai, cloud computing, big data, nfv, etc., apply to 100-degree brain and oar depth learning platforms. The g5 series of server products released last year has features such as high density numeracy, flexible expansion, isomer numeracy, volume storage, stability and reliability, with two-way maximum support of 120 n, ai, and so on.
A 10-fold rise in the number of digital support. Figure 25: r5300g5 server broke the speccpu2017 World Chronicle test, with the headlines of the central city of the universal communications server. In 2022, wave information markets had the highest rate of ownership.
28.1%. Xinhua 3 market share 17.2%; supermixed market share 10.1% in 2022; nymph market share Connectivity: 5g network to 5g-a, wide-ranging application of technology with a sense of integration 5g-a opening commercial year 2024
According to data from the Ministry of Information and Communications, by the end of 2023, the scope of application of the 5g sector, which opened up to the country, was expanding. In 2030, expenditure on 5g equipment in all sectors of the industry was expected to exceed $520 billion, or nearly 69 per cent of the total income of equipment manufacturing enterprises.
Figure 30: 5g base station size (in thousands) opened in 2019-2023, 5g-a year of construction in 2024, the r18 standard is frozen this year. 5g-a will start with r18, which is expected to be industrialized in the second half of 2024. According to the 3gpp plan, r18 will be functionally frozen in 2024.
On March 28, 2023, China announced an official commercialization of 5g-advanced, marking a critical phase in the evolution of 5g technology to 6g. In 2024, as the 5g-a-year development year, China’s movement will be the largest global launch.
5g-a commercial network deployment and plans to promote 5g-a applications in more than 300 Chinese cities. With the commercialization of 5g-a, combined with the development of cloud and ai technology, operators will face enormous potential for business growth, bringing unprecedented new business and opportunities to consumers and business markets.
Motivated 5g-a technology landed commercially in 2024 and launched the first global 5g-a full series of landscape solutions at the Barcelona World Conference on Mobile Communications. Figure 32: China mobile announcement 5g-a commercial
Figure 33: China’s mobile announcement of 5g-a commercial sense of solidarity (5g-a core technology) in low-altitude economies where technology, infrastructure, and policies together drive low-altitude growth poles.
In terms of expanding markets and expanding domestic demand; promoting innovation, enriching supply; and bridging barriers and promoting integration, the country currently provides a favourable environment for the development of the low-altitude economy in terms of technology, infrastructure and policy, thus contributing to the high-quality development of the low-altitude economy of the country.
China’s low-altitude economy grew rapidly. In 2022, China’s low-altitude economy market was 2.5 trillion yuan in size. For the future development of the entire low-altitude economy, the central government made it clear in the Outline of the National Structured Transport Network, published in the 14th Plan, that commercial and industrial drones that support economic development are expected to be achieved by 2035.
Twenty-six million units. By 2035, the central economy is expected to be more than $6 trillion in size.
Figure 36: Projections of the size of China ' s low-altitude economy market, Figure 37: China ' s low-altitude economic development pain spots
The company ' s in-depth study and deployment of 5g-advanced (5g-a) network forward-looking technologies covering a wide range of enhanced technologies, border extension technologies, and efficiency enhancement technologies.
Innovations such as smooth virtual zones (svc), full-time and child-banded technologies, multi-element virtual polymerization, intelligent supersurfaces, and unconnected transmission technologies to enhance network performance and quality of service. Border extension technologies cover deep integration of information infrastructure, synergetic integration, and space- and space-based integration.
The areas of \triangleright chemistry, endogenous intelligence, endogenous security and new business empowerment are designed to widen the boundaries of network services and achieve multi-technology integration.
Efficiency-enhancing technologies, with communications focused on energy efficiency, emptiness, and network efficiency to optimize operating costs and increase the energy efficiency ratio of the entire network, which is a concept that companies propose in their white paper on b5g technology and is perceptible.
The subject communicates simultaneously, by recognizing and analysing the properties of the wireless channel, to sense the physical properties of the surrounding environment and to achieve the mutually reinforcing effects of the communication and perception functions.
In April of this year, in Shenzhen Talent Park, the theme of which is "Concentration of Excellence", China's Mobile Union China Communications has jointly completed a 5g-a sense test of low-altitude site capability, which has been implemented in several 5g-a-sponsible stand-by stations.
Together, the station successfully validated test examples such as distance detection, multiple-target complex trajectory detection, multiple-station co-ordinated UAV continuous trajectory tracking, low-altitude security electronic fence intrusion alerts, U.S. out-of-mission U.S. U.S. U.S. U.A. flight perception, etc., covering the entire low-altitude sensor landscape.
Figure 40: American drone distribution route perception, according to dell'oroggroup data, 2018-2022, the global share of leading suppliers remained relatively stable, with the company's 5g base station and 5g core network being ranked second globally for the fourth year in a row.
Connectivity: Global fwa market demand is strong and central cpe products continue to benefit The 5g network has significantly enhanced fwa landscape performance, the global market climate is an effective complement to fibre-optic access markets, and the fwa performance has been significantly enhanced with the support of the 5g network
Fwa, a fixed wireless connection, is a technology that combines fixed and wireless communications to provide broadband access to users. Since the deployment of fwa requires the use of a wireless network base station, the bandwidth of the 5g network was 10-100 times that of 4g in the 5g era, making the fwa performance significantly improved.
For example, in an experiment in a European city district, Ericsson has a population density of 1,000 households per square kilometre, to the right, 25% of households have an ultra-high-resolution video service of at least 15 mbps.
5200gb with 95% user data rate greater than 15mps and 69% more than 100mps. Figure 42: Wireless network structure of fwa Figure 43: Fwa programme speed test effect
fwa has received strong support from the operator and the number of connections has been growing rapidly in 2023-2029. According to Erica, the number of global fwa connections in 2023 is estimated to be about 130 million, and the number of global fwa connections is projected to increase to 330 million by 2029, accounting for 18% of the number of fixed broadband connections worldwide. The introduction of 5g technology has significantly improved fwa performance.
In 2023, the volume of 5gfwa equipment exports increased significantly to 13.8 million, or 86 per cent. The global market size of 5gcpe is expected to reach 60 billion yuan in 2025. 5gcpe is one of the fwa applications.
According to data from the 5g-Network Coalition, in 2020 there were 3 million global shipments of 5gcpe, and it is expected that in the next five years, 5gcpe shipments will maintain a composite growth rate of over 100 per cent, reaching 120 million in 2025, as shown in figure 47:5gcpe market size projections (billions)
Figure 46: 5gcpe projected volume of goods (stage) with the highest number of Fwa and mb products in the market with the launch of 5gfwa new items, with a positive innovation in the 5gfwa area. A high gain of 5g-a outdoor fwa was introduced at the mwc24 fair.
Products, support for 5gadvanced-ready, support for sub6g and mmw carrier polymerization and dual connectivity, with peak speeds of up to 10 gbps.
Signals: A 13dbi super-high gain antenna, based on the latest ai antenna algorithm in the central communications, with a high gain of about 70 per cent and an increase in signal coverage of about 25 per cent. Stability: multiple scenarios, full dimensions, wide area self-adapted intelligent antenna switching, secure device mail
\triangleright serviceability: supports multiple scenes and multi-angle installation adjustments such as hugging, nailing walls, window placement, and provides flexible and easy installation experiences.
In 2022, the city of Fwa reached the highest rate in the world. Today, 5 gcpe manufacturers in the world are mainly China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, China, and Shenzhen. According to the consulting firm Tsr, the market for products in mid-2022 outperformed China; the market for products in 5gmb&fwa became the world’s number one.
For the second year in a row, the rate was the highest in the world, with a cumulative volume of about 3 million shipments.
"inthemobilebroadbandcellularcpe markets.zteisexpectedplacehousehuawei "
- Data from global professional consulting firm tsr 2022cellularbroadbanddevice&modulemarketreport
(2022-12-16) Core competitiveness and growth The communications sector market has been occupied by leading companies, and the listed companies' communications equipment dealers consist mainly of purple shares, sharp edges.
Networks, fire communications, telecommunication operations in China are much larger than their counterparts, and R & D investment is ahead of their counterparts. Table 8: Comparison of peer-to-peer companies ' operations in 2023 R & D: Inputs to lead peers, adherence to core technological innovation development
China’s communications research and development industry is in the lead, creating high barriers to core technology. Compared to the listed companies’ communications panels, China’s communications research and development costs are far ahead of their counterparts. Figure 49: Comparison of top ten companies’ R & D costs in 2023 for listed telecommunications firms (single figure 50: 2023)
China’s communications will be built around the theme “Conconnection + Arithmetic + Capability + Intellectual.” For nearly 30 years, the communications self-research chip around the bottom core technology and standards has been part of the domestic head-ic design company.
At the June 6th, 2020 summit on China's 5g anniversary, the chief scientist of the Chinese communication virtualization product, Jae-Sun, also said that multi-module-band chips and digital-medium-frequency chips based on version 3.0 of the 7nm process could be more than four times the product of the previous generation.
Arithmetic increases, with less than 30% of aau power consumption. Company ceo also described that the introduction of the 5nm chip would reduce the power of the base station by more than 20% per year.
In 2013, a fully-owned subsidiary, Sino-Singing Electronics Limited, was established to specialize in chip research and development and design. More than 2,000 people are involved in the development of microscopic electronics to provide: wireless communication, broadband access, light transmission, route exchange, etc. core chips and solutions.
Physical design capability 7nm process physical design capability and simultaneous import of 5nm process;
Covering the industry’s mainstream advanced envelope design, which allows for encapsulation program simulation, high-speed testing, reliability design for complex scenarios, standard testing and failure points, containment design and testing capabilities, with a small electronics camp of nearly 10 billion, leading the domestic market.
China’s 10 largest integrated circuit design firms have been rated for many years. China’s communications research and development is strong, with more than 4,000 chips patented. After more than a decade of development, China’s miniature electronic palms have developed.
With international top-notch ic design and certification technology, advanced eda design platforms, cot design services, development processes and specifications, a one-stop design service can be provided to clients. With sustained and autonomous innovation, moderate innovation, more than 4,000 chips have been patented by electronics, of which more than 1,800 are patented by pct International and 5g chips are specialized.
Some of the chips are sold out, and there is much room for future growth. Medium-spill electronics are mainly oriented towards the middle-swing main telecommunications product, while some of the self-research chips are sold out, including Pononu chips (mainly for fibre-optic broadband access products).
The company has developed and successfully developed more than 100 microchips, serving more than 160 countries and regions of the world. Communications is a major contributor and participant in standard-setting and technology patents.
Communications in China is a major participant in standard technologies, with a strong understanding of the technical performances of communication networks and the management of their operations. Ten thousand items are captured. The companies are members of more than 00 national standardization organizations, industrial unions, scientific associations and open-source communities, including itu, 3gpp, etsi, ngmn,ee, ccsa, 5gaia, aii.
Figure 53: Summary of patented technology in companies Cumulative global patent applications Cumulative global authorized patents
As of December 31, 2023, 10 gold prizes and 3 silver prizes and 38 excellent prizes have been awarded to China's patents.
Number of valid family patents required for the 5g standard.
The World Intellectual Property Organization's wip was ranked 5 (1988) in its annual patent application, 8 (1799) in the Ningde era, 9 (1766) in its oppo, and 11 (1738) in its communications.
Figure 55: Top5 gpatentdeling company(2023) cnchina, Usuntedstates, krkorea, sesweden, fifinland, jpjapan
The company provides reliable smart operator solutions for the operator’s super-million base stations and large-scale transmission of light, and the scale and difficulty of telecommunications network equipment moving from traditional equipment to virtualization and cloudization solutions.
The technology programme for corporate sedimentation is also being provided to governments, transport, electricity grids, finance, mines, etc.: The Digital Government's Cyber Technological Innovation Cloud Solutions have been developed in national ministries, provincial and municipal governments and urban cloud solutions for finance, energy and intelligent transport.
The company provides 5g+smart mine network solutions for large coal mines, the first time in the country, 5g 700mhz.
The frequency was successfully piloted in the coal field.  launched the first 5-gatg land interconnection programme in industry and won the 5-g design award at the 5g World Congress.
In Barcelona, Mwc24, the “5g All Connected Wire and Steel Plant” project, a joint venture of BSK and China Communications, was awarded the Gsma Global Mobile Award (glomo) - the Best Connected Economic Mobile Innovation Award.
Figure 56: Limited steel and limited Chinese connectivity and communications received the Gsmaglomo Award for Best Connected Economic Mobile Innovation: Creating Barriers to Higher Customer Channels
Network deployments are iterative, the market patterns of communications equipment are taken over by head players and the customers are sticky. Communications network construction requires high capital inputs and high cost maintenance operations, operators are not required to deploy the network and will not replace suppliers. After many years of industry competition, the network equipment vendor is now in the 2g era.
More than a dozen have gradually recovered to three or four, and both the operator's network procurement announcement and the winning vendor have shown strong supplier inheritance, and even partial procurement, figure 58: China moves 700 m of the wireless communications network to win the bid.
Figure 59: The 100gdwdm/otn collection of Chinese telecommunications revealed that the purchaser of the extension component of the 100gdwdm/otn equipment from China Telecommunications (2017) was the China Telecommunications Group (CTT) for the purchase of the extension component of 100gdwdm and otn equipment from China Telecommunications Provinces Branches in 2017.
In order to ensure the compatibility of the system, the procurement elements of the expanded component of the project are of the same type and require the procurement of works, goods or services from the original successful bidder, otherwise they will affect construction or functional matching requirements. In accordance with article IX of the Regulations on the Implementation of the Tendering and Tendering Law of the People ' s Republic of China, the first three winnings have been maintained in recent years with the former China Technical Co. Ltd., Naking Communications Co. Ltd., Fire Communications and Technology Co., Shanghai Noki Yabel Co. Ltd., with a strong sticky channel for operators, which has been maintained on a continuous basis in recent years during bidding on the operator ' s server.
China’s three main operators, China Mobile, China Connect, and China Telecom. Recently, China’s Movement announced the results of the 2024 pc server product centralization project on 11 May.
The number of successful packages appears to be the largest in the winning communications, totalling a share of the 11 winning packages; of these, the winning bid, number 22 (arm architecture server), contains 6173 servers valued at approximately $381 million. China moved the previous pc server collection, which was "Pc Server Collection 2021-2022".
) a total of 297,000 in two batches for three years. Developments: Focus Counts, fast-growing server markets, self-researching cpu chips, core competitiveness of universal servers
Communications in China have a strong chip self-research capability and a weak electronic power. The registration of the trademark of zhufengxin has been completed since February of this year. Figure 61: Registration of zhufengxin chips in Xinjiang
On the basis of the self-research platform, Sino-Engineer has launched the "3+2+3 " smartphone solution, which fully meets the needs of all client groups for the application of the ai panorama. The Sino-Engineer has introduced different forms of smartness servers for three major cpu platforms to meet client diversity cpu selection needs, including a mainstream foreign x86 architecture.
The cpu platform, the national production x 86 architecture cpu platform, and the China-China newsletter self-research zfxcpu platform were launched on 11 May 2024, with the winning candidate ' s announcement, the 22nd package of which is noteworthy, with a central-Sing-arm chip server of approximately $381 million for a total of 6173 sets.
R5310g3 is based on a new generation of 2u machine rack servers designed for custom assemblage processors (dshp) in the field of communications in China and China, with high-capacity memory and hypervelocity i/0 interfaces to support high-performance network cards and ai isomers. r5310g3 is characterized by high performance, high reliability, easy to expand, easy to manage, etc., and is government-oriented, interconnected.
High-performance server products in the areas of networks, energy, operators, finance, and so on.
The communications intelligence server supports the plug-in gpu accelerator and the button accelerator gpu accelerator (supports interconnectivity of intercards), such as the sxm card accelerator gpu accelerator (nvidia) or the ocpoam accelerator accelerator gpu accelerator (walls, cold martial arts, etc.):
Large-scale model training: r6900g5. The server is a gpu service server for applications in large model training areas, supports the latest Intel-to-Soft Extendable Processor, has high-capacity memory and hypervelocity 1/0 interfaces, supports 8 English-Wida h20nvlinkgpu, or 8 wall rims 1060amgpu, and should
The server can support 20 single, half-long gpu acceleration cards with high density numeracy, flexible expansion, isomer numeric arithmetic, sea mass storage, stable reliability, etc.
Small- and medium-sized model training: r5300g5. In the first quarter of 2024, the Mid-Singai server delivered goods to operators and Internet companies, synchronizing the intelligence projects associated with the Kika/Hanka cluster.
Figure 64: The lower asset liability ratio of the company ' s assets is due mainly to the improved performance of the company and the lower turnover of accounts receivable and accounts payable owing to the completion of the non-public distributiona in early 2020.
The overall steady downward trend in the turnover of accounts payable reflected fluctuations in the management capacity of corporate accounts receivable and accounts payable.
The working days of accounts receivable/payables are 56/94, respectively, and the working days of accounts receivable and accounts payable are volatile. Overall, the working days of accounts receivable and accounts payable are generally stable. The turnover rate is 0.65 and the working days of inventory is 238, which is at a very high level in the industry.
From the inventory point of view, 2024q1 companies undertook proactive stock preparation, leading to an increase in the number of days of inventory turnover. In the year 2023, Sino-Change’s revenue and net profit were stable and slightly lower than the industry average.
In addition to a decline in the rate of growth, the firm ' s revenue of 2017-2024q1 has been growing steadily. At the profit end, the benefits have been derived from a steady increase in the Māori rate and an increase in the income end, excluding the significant impact of external events such as United States sanctions. In terms of profitability, the growth in the Māori rate and net interest rate levels of middle-growth communications has continued to rise.
The company’s Māori rate and net interest rate levels have generally shown a rising trend. The company’s Māori rate for 2024q1 fell slightly in its early years, and the Māori rate for company operators has increased consistently since then as construction progresses.
In a horizontal comparison, both the company’s Māori rate and net interest rate are slightly higher than the industry’s level. Communications in China stabilized in cost control. R&D costs for companies were 20.85 per cent in the first quarter of 2024, and cash flows in communication in China remained positive. Companies attach great importance to the quality of operating cash flows.
In addition to being affected by trade each year, the cash flow of the company’s operations remains inflow and, as revenue continues to grow, the corresponding scale increases, reflecting an improvement in the company’s managerial and operational capacity.
The year 2024 was a year of “strategic overstretched” communications, with companies facing a more complex external environment, with a slowdown in capital expenditure growth and completion rates for former operators, and no significant improvement in the business and terminal landscape, but companies maintaining technological leadership, high-quality development, and steady improvement in the quality of their operations based on the above.
Developments in the business of analysis and the position of companies in the industry, maintaining the previous profit forecast: Inter-Epidemic Communications has been focusing on R & D, and R & D inputs have continued to grow, with a steady upward trend in R & D costs expected in the face of the corporate emphasis on a second curve.
In recent years, through cloud office management, central communications has significantly improved the efficiency of business operations, management cost rates and sales, and scenario analyses of profit projections, which are optimistically projected to increase the rate of growth and costs by 5 per cent, respectively; pessimistic projections are projected to reduce the rate and cost of growth by 5 per cent, respectively.
Taking into account the company's business characteristics, we use both absolute and relative valuations to estimate the company's soundness. Communications in the middle of the boom, while well-run traditional operators, actively expand the second curve (server, end-of-consumption) in three phases, using fcff valuations to reflect the company's long-term growth value.
For the 2026-2033 transition period, it is assumed that the company will benefit from the 6g industrial cycle during 2030 \triangleright \triangleright
In terms of cost rates, companies have been focusing on R & D, with continuous investment in R & D, and a steady upward trend in R & D rates is expected. Through cloud office management, firms have significantly improved the efficiency of their operations, and administrative and sales cost rates are expected to be optimized.
In terms of income tax rates, some subsidiaries of a company are part of a high-technology enterprise with a 10 per cent corporate income tax preference, with a combined assumption of 15 per cent of the corporate income tax rate. In terms of capital cost assumptions, the unleveraging beta coefficient gives us an industry understanding to give 1.2x; shares
The risk premium rate is 6 per cent of the difference between the annualized rate of return of 2 per cent and the no-risk rate of interest of the 300 index over the past 10 years: the cost of debt is 5.30 per cent; this results in a wcc of 9.6 per cent, as shown in table 16: capital cost assumptions.
On the basis of the main assumptions set out above, the fcff valuation method is used to obtain a sensitivity analysis of the absolute valuation of the company ' s share price under the sensitivity analysis, which is more sensitive than the wacc and the constant growth rate, as shown in the following table.
Mid-crowding is the leading global provider of integrated communications information solutions, with complete, end-to-end products and integration solutions for the communications industry. Through a full range of “wireless, wired, cloud computing, terminal” products, companies of comparable types with listed companies that provide a full range of communications products include, inter alia, purple-light shares, sharp shares, and the like.
Fastwire, fire communications. Purple shares: the company's strategy focuses on the area of its services, working to create a complete and powerful cloud \triangleright
The industry chain at the end of the web, the industries that use information technology such as cloud computing, mobile Internet and large data processing, is in full depth and becomes an industry-wide chain service provider that combines modern information systems for research and development, construction, operation, and maintenance. In 2023, the company earned 77.3 billion yuan, net profit of 2.1 billion yuan.
Fireworks: Always focusing on global information and communication, actively promoting the transformation of ct’s industrial structure, committed to continuous science, technology and innovation. Companies actively grasp strategies such as network powers, big data, Internet+ actions, along the data transfer, computation, storage, governance, analysis, application value chains, depths, etc.
In 2023, companies earned $31.1 billion, making a net profit of $510 million. A sharp network: companies are industry leaders in the provision of ict infrastructure and industry solutions, and lead businesses in the development, design and marketing of network equipment, network safety products and cloud desktop solutions.
Companies earn $11.5 billion a year, making a net profit of $40 million, a factor of 25/28/36 per year, and a 30-fold industry average. Communications between China and China are industry leaders, with high household and technical barriers, while operating on a larger scale than their peers, with companies valued low in 2023.
We have adopted absolute and relative valuation methods that combine multiple angles to arrive at a reasonable valuation of a company ' s free cash flow calculations, weighted average capital cost (wacc) calculations, tv assumptions and the selection of comparable company valuation parameters over the next few years.
(b) We assume that the weighted average capital cost (wacc) has a very significant impact on the firm's absolute valuation, assuming a zero-risk interest rate of 2.0 per cent and a risk premium of 6.0 per cent in the calculation of Wacc, and that there may still be low estimates or values for these parameters,
(b) We assume that in the next 10 years the company will grow by 1.5 per cent, that the industry in which the company is located may change more negatively in the next 10 years, and that the company ' s continued growth will be either low or negative in real terms, leading to high corporate valuations.
(a) Unexpected increases in the share of the operator's business;
4. Downstream demand assumptions, such as arithmetic networks, fall short of expectations. The 5g industry is a strategic national industry that is more geographically influenced globally, and thus influences the growth of firms’ overseas markets, with policy implications that make the company’s sales earnings/profits less than expected in the next three years.
At the same time, the issue of corporate compliance is also a high risk point for companies. The company’s larger shareholding investment target, which generates significant investment returns for the company each year, is the result of a larger number of companies with large numbers of affiliates and equity participation.
Increased market competition can affect the sale of company products and profit margins; offshore markets are not as advanced as expected and orders are not subject to legal risk: companies have been penalized by the authorities and may have a negative impact on their future operations.
The company still has pending litigation, and the company may lose, resulting in uncollectible payments, which in turn may affect the business of the company The risk of trade friction: Trade friction may have some impact on the business in which the company is operating.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject