Events: Yutongbus issued its annual report in 2023, with the company collecting $27.4 billion in 23 years, a year-on-year recovery in demand for domestic and international passenger transport, and a year-on-year increase in corporate profits.
(a) 27.4 billion yuan, or +24.1 per cent of the year; a net return profit of 1,82 billion yuan, or +139.4 per cent of the year;
87926 vehicles were sold + 4.42% of the year. In a single quarter, 23q4 companies achieved a sustained increase in cash flow and continued high dividends to shareholders. 23 years of net cash flow to the company was $4,72 billion, an increase of $1.46 billion over 22 years.
*triangleright year-on-year +86.0 per cent share of net profit returns in the company ' s 2023 consolidated statement; the average overseas single-car sales price of $1,024,000, well above the domestic value of $52 million
Average single-car sales price; high unit sales of overseas buses yielding a high Māori rate of 31.66%, which is 8.7 pct higher than in the country. The company’s new energy buses have been sold in bulk in more than 40 countries or regions and are well run, with a cumulative export of more than 4,800 new energy buses.
They believe that the overseas bus market will continue to rise steadily, benefiting from economic recovery, the growth in demand for new energy buses, and the signing and landing of agreements along the way, multilateral/bilateral trade, and the export of passenger vehicles, which are expected to continue to improve, and Woo-tung will benefit fully.
Profit forecast: The company is a leading global company in large and medium passenger vehicles, with a steady recovery in the domestic passenger industry \triangleright Sindha Securities Inc.
+In the context of the continued expansion of overseas markets, the company ' s share of traditional passenger vehicles is expected to increase steadily, and the full capacity of the new energy and smartness areas is expected to be fully available on the ltd platform.
In 2024-2026, the mother's net profit was 28, 35, 4.1 billion yuan, corresponding to 19 per cent, and risk factors: macroeconomic fluctuations and tight local fiscal balance caused demand to fall short of expectations, sea and sea.
Increased competition outside \triangleright, risks of international volatility, and less than expected spread of new energy buses.
Figure 2: Quarterly corporate collections (millions of yuan) and speed of increase (percentage): Quarterly net profits (billions) and rate of increase (percentage) □ net profits attributable to shareholders in parent companies (billions)
Figure 5: Quarterly Māori Rates & Net Interest Rates for Companies (%) Figure 6: Quarterly Cost Rates for Companies (%) Figure 7: Annualized sales of company buses (vehicles)
Figure 8: Quarterly sales of company buses (one vehicle) Figure 10: Quarterly receipts of company buses (millions) Figure 9: Quarterly sales of company large, medium and light passengers (one vehicle)
Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. The automobile industry chain is fully covered, focusing on opportunities in the areas of the Tesla industrial chain, smart cars, and autonomous brands.
He worked at Toyota Motor Technology Center and Joaquin Securities, with one year of work experience in automobile companies plus two years of research experience in the automobile industry, covering mainly the entire car, Tesla industrial chain, electric intelligence, etc. Ding Ji, M.A. in Finance, University of Melbourne, covering such areas as smart cabins, electric motorization, car wholes, etc.
Xu Guofang, Master of Applied Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, covers areas such as smartness, new power cars, etc. What components are not, are not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.