Events: The company released its 2022 performance report, with a projected net return of $7.3 to $8.7 billion for the year, and a high increase in the year ' s performance against the effects of the epidemic, electricity restrictions and so on. The company expects a return of $7.3 to $8.7 billion for the year.
Cao Ziji Automotive Research Assistant has launched Dark Blues 7, c236, Brokerev, Avitae12, idd series (uni-k, uni-v, id)
The products cs75, cs55), c928, c857, d857, c318, c390, b390, cd701, cd570, c916, e15, e16, are also expected to be upgraded. We believe that the listing of the new model is expected to contribute to the growth in sales in 2023.
Aveta 11 was officially delivered, and deep blue 03 was destroyed. 1) Aveta 11: On August 8th, Avi ran as the first sedan under the banner of the Chen Platform, which was co-built by Chang An, Hua, and Ningde, and was enriched to give consumers a unique emotional experience, and Aveta 11 will be built on its own.
High-end stand-alone shop +Wu, which was officially delivered in December, is expected to achieve a brand-up with Avita. 2) Deep blue sl03: on July 25th, Dark blue sl03 officially released four versions of a car with 1,200 increment, 515 pure electricity, 705 pure electricity, 730 helium electricity.
The sale price ranged from $16.89 to $69.99 million, thanks to the cool technology shape + high-value configuration + multiplier to ease the mileage anxiety, deep blue sl03 won a lot of consumer favors, selling 1256, 5825, 8176, 6043, 11650 vehicles in August-December, and as demand recovers, productivity climbs up the slopes.
Deep blue sales are expected to increase gradually, with steady-state annual sales at 15-20 million. Five products are planned before the long-sale brand, and the company expects to sell 600,000 deep blue brands by 2025.
With the gradual increase in production, sales are expected to continue to climb up the slopes against the target Mitsubishi macromini.
The net annual profit is 77, 87, 10.3 billion yuan, or 18, 16, 14 times the profit.
Risk factors: price volatility of raw materials, failure to release productive capacity, failure of customers to exploit expectations, figure 1: corporate calendar & year-on-year income & year-on-year increase, figure 2: corporate calendar net profit & year-on-year increase
Figure 4: Quarterly net profits (millions of yuan) / year-on-year increases for companies, Figure 5: Quarterly Māori Rates & Net Interest Rates for companies, Figure 6: Quarterly Cost Rates for companies
Four core team members. Four years of research experience in the automobile industry, which is good at capitalizing on investment opportunities. Full coverage of the automobile industry, focusing on the Tesla industry chain, smart cars, autonomous branding, etc. Master ' s degree. Worked at Toyota Autotechnical Center and Joaquin Securities, one year of work experience in automobile companies plus two years of auto industry research.
Experience. The main areas covered are whole cars, Tesla industrial chains, electrical intelligence, etc. Cao Zing, Assistant Researcher in the Sindha Securities Automobile Industry, Master of Economics, Bachelor of Arts in Technology, Beijing University of Technology, covering intelligent cars, car networking, new power in car construction, etc.
What is not, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications of the CVM-resumed securities investment consulting business.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.