Mid 2025: significant gains in income growth, significant gains in income loss, narrowness, sustained progress in i-wide chain layout, improved operational efficiency, optimized resource allocation, enhanced investment management, significant decreases in q2 ring losses
Corporate o2 realized operating income of $1.969 billion, an increase of 52.17 per cent. By the end of 2025h1, dramalawave had a sudden increase in liquid water revenue in the year.
At the Māori rate level, the company q2 achieved a Māori sales rate of 70.66 per cent, a small increase in the ring, a decrease of 7 pct over the same year, mainly due to faster growth in advertising, which is lower than the overall Māori rate, but the overall Māori rate of the company is still high. At the cost, q2 sales cost is 959 million yuan.
Billion dollars, roughly equal; q2 R & D costs 368 million yuan, a decrease of 9.97 per cent in the same year, ring ratio of 202 million yuan, and company quarterly profit and ring ratio significant losses.
Power infrastructure-large model algorithm-ai application: whole-of-industry chain development. Corporate-ai chip development is progressing steadily, key module design and validation are well organized, providing a solid foundation for subsequent products. In large models, companies revolve around core areas of multimodule reasoning, spatial intelligence, etc.
Open-source multi-sector leading models; applications, Skywork super-intelligent, published in Kuala Lumpur, 2024 Annual Report and Shapeai Office and Content Production.
The ability to play and commercialize has been significantly enhanced. The game and social products of the game have continued to be optimized, and the year 2025 has been the year of a review: the ecological layout of the environment continues to be heavily immersed and interactive.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: In view of the rapid growth of company short-time business, we have increased by 2025-Kullenwanwi (300418): 3-quarter report 2024.
Not six-fifths. We appreciate that the commercialization of the company is accelerating, that the potential for profit is expected to materialize, and that Dong Oo Securities Limited, with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, is already qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.