Reported loss margin narrow, offshore operations and i commercialization performed well zhangheng2@guosen.com.cnchenyaorong@guosen.com.cn net profit loss of $87 million, a decrease of 57.1 per cent from the same year, ps-0.07 equivalent loss
Commercialization, music/facilities, etc., contributed significantly; net profit losses were mainly due to the early results of the commercialization of ai-i. 1) In terms of large models, companies published and opened up their multi-source industry leading 52 weeks/minimum prices
, covering many technical areas such as intensive learning, multi-modelry, software engineering and codes, and space intelligence; 2) for intelligent assistants, publishing the Skywork superintellects with one-stop capacity to generate documents, ppt, forms, web pages, podcasts and multimedia content, officially open
The "aloffice smart body" era; 3) application, continued progress in the introduction of al video, music, socialization, short plays, games (self-research ai games " Catson Gardens " ); 3) commercialization, where the short play platform dramaawave continues to grow strongly.
The multiplicity of distribution models, which effectively cover global user groups at different consumption levels, up to US$ 10,000), demonstrates a strong potential for commercialization. Overseas revenue continues to grow at a high rate.
56.02 per cent long, or 93.0 per cent of total income; out of this, Opra achieved operating income of $286 million, and in the second quarter of the year, the global monthly active user of Opra reached 289 million, with annualized arpu rising to $1.97 million.
The mid-year review of Cullenwanwi (300418.sz)-24: Volatility of investment earnings and R & D. The annual review of Cullenwanwi (300418.sz)-23: Strong growth in revenue, ai Investment proposal: Maintenance of profit forecasts, maintenance of a “better than the big city” rating.
Quinlon Wanvi (300418.sz) - Costs and investment gains and losses have led to a decline in q3 performance, Quinlon Wanvi (300418.sz) - Search and advertising business up, big models and billions of dollars, pss = - 0.36/0.03/032; from large models, arithmetic chips to ai applications,
The company’s overall layout, which is expected to become a platform of the aigc era, is expected to gradually improve its performance, continuing to maintain a “better than the big market” rating. Large contractions (q1 – $769 million); and (3) significant growth in revenue benefits mainly from the commercialization of ai.
A significant increase in contributions, such as music/facilities: net profit losses are mainly attributable to ai R & D inputs and investment gains, ai R & D continues to advance and commercialize starts. 1) In terms of large models, companies publish and open up multi-source industry leading models, covering a wide range of technologies such as intensive learning, multimodelry, software engineering and code, and spatial intelligence.
(ii) In the area of smart assistants, the launch of the Skywork Superagents with the ability to generate documents, ppt, tables, web pages, podcasts and multimedia content on a one-stop basis, the official opening of the era of the aioffice smart body; and (iii) in the application of the ai video, music, socialization, short play, games (self-research ai)
(iii) Commercialization, where the short play platform dramaawave continues to grow robustly. Thanks to a combination of "pay-for-free" distribution patterns, dramaawave has been able to cover global user groups at different levels of consumption and, as of the end of the reporting period, the platform 's annualized stream revenue arr
Breathing $240 million (one-month current revenues of $20 million), demonstrating a strong commercial potential. Figure 5: Catson School Games showcased good information distribution and meta-cosm operations, with high growth in overseas markets.
At a level of 3,441 million yuan, an increase of 56.02 per cent, or 93.0 per cent, over the same period; of that amount, an increase of $286 million, or 35 per cent, in operating income, was realized by Oela; an increase of $64 million, or 25 per cent, was achieved after the adjustment of ebitda. As of the second quarter of 2025, the number of active users of the global month was 289 million, annualized.
Arpu up to $1.97, a 35 per cent increase over the same period. Profit forecasting and investment rating: we maintain a profit projection, with net profit returns expected in 25/26/27 for platform-type companies in the aigc era, respectively, and business performance under continued commercialization is expected to improve gradually and continue to be maintained
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject