In the mid-2017 report, merchant ships (601872) were invited to issue mid-2017 reports on the company ' s operating income of $3.03 billion in 2016, an increase of 3.3 per cent over the same period and a net profit of $520 million attributable to listed companies.
The main tanker industry is still in a downward cycle. Vlcc, the company ' s main power vessel, fell sharply in 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 and remained generally depressed. With the delivery of new ships, the capacity of the company ' s tankers increased by 13 per cent in the first half of the year, and the volume of cargo delivered by the tanker fleet increased by 33.13 million tons, or 14.8 per cent.
In January-June 2017, the rental rate for td 3 days of the main vlcc route fell from $50178 per day to $26,787 per day, a 46.6 per cent decline in the same year. New tankers in the initial tankers were delivered centrally, with rapid growth in their capacity, while production reduction in the oec was high, short-term market supply and demand deteriorated, and freight rates continued to weigh. Clarkson projected an increase of 6.8 per cent in the crude oil transport market throughout the year, demand grew by 4.5 per cent, and remained in the lower zone throughout the year.
Quarterly overhauls have affected the seasonally low season of tankers, which is expected to rebound from September 2017, but are expected to be higher than in the same period last year. The company leased a portion of the vlcc at the high market in 15-16, and the lease remained open at about nine, locking in rents higher than this year’s average, and the company’s average profitability at Vlcc is likely to run off to the spot market.
Figure 1: Vlcc spot rent and spot lease contract turnover Figure 2: Vlcc new ship construction, second-hand ship and one-year lease lease
Figure 3: New contracting, delivery, dismantling of tanker capacity, Figure 4: Projected increase in the supply and demand for crude oil by sea
The company's bulk fleet benefits directly from the start of the dry bulk business cycle. The volume of cargo delivered by the dry bulk fleet is 14.42 million tons, an increase of 26.6 per cent.
The dry bulk cycle in 2017, 2018, will continue to improve upwards in February 2016 at the bottom of the current dry bulk cycle. The company ' s bulk fleet vloc, ng provides a steady return and the company ' s cross-cyclical capacity is enhanced. The company now has Vloc8, with 20 orders under construction, 6 eng vessels, \triangleright
As a result of firm vloc, lng's rents and projects, which have been tied up to the current market fluctuations and contribute to stable performance, the company's ability to counter risks across cycles after the new ship is delivered will be significantly increased. Profit predictions and recommendations: tanker freight rates are down by the same scale, and freight costs are up by the same scale as we had expected before. We believe that, despite the oil tankers, the oil tankers will have increased by the same time.
With the delivery of the vloc, lng fleet, the company's cross-cyclical resistance is currently in a state of suspension, and on 1 August 2017 the company announced that it would issue shares for the purchase of Shenzhen Shenzhen Chiefs of China Trade and Shipping Limited, Shanghai Shipping International Shipping Co. Ltd., Changxiang Holdings Ltd. and China Trade and Shipping (Hong Kong) Limited.
Companies such as divisions (hereinafter referred to as “target companies”) have a 100 per cent stake. It is expected that, after restructuring, the share of companies in dry bulk shipping-related operations will increase significantly and will benefit significantly in the context of the recovery of the dry bulk shipping cycle.
The top 10 prizes (seventh place) for the excellent combination of the financial and intellectual growth of the East, and the Cheong Gang Award.
• Master of Shipping Trade and Finance, Cas Business School, City University of London, 4 years of experience in shipping market research, held at Clarkson in 2012-2016, to analyze my own research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.