The oil tankers continue to contribute to the main performance.
The company will resume its license on September 12th. The merchant ship is to issue about 761 million shares at $4.71/shares to buy the trader's shareholdings, Shenzhen rolls and Long Air.
100% of the stock of international and trade ships in Hong Kong. 1. Assets acquired under the flag of trade ships 1. Increased profits, dry bulk ratio, oil tankers still contributing to major fluctuations in performance. Change in business structure: after the completion of the transaction, the expected share of dry bulk revenue rose from 18% to 18%.
The oil tankers continue to contribute to major fluctuations in performance after the transaction is completed. In the bulk business, the Vloc fleet is fully delivered as the company's main fleet, and the vloc shipment price is locked in a robust return and less relevant to the immediate freight costs.
It's probably not going to increase the proportion of charterers, and the elasticity of performance will rise considerably.
The Department ' s stockholders ' overall share of net assets and earnings per share increased compared to prior to the transaction, and the assets of listed companies increased in quality and profitability.1 Merchant Shipping (601872): Supply and demand pressured tanker markets
2 Merchant Shipping (601872): Downwind of oil tankers, Merchant Shipping (601872): Performance in line with expectations, source of financial prosperity in the East
Figure 2: Increased assets and profitability of companies before and after the conclusion of the transaction
Vlcc’s asset prices and lease rents are relatively stable during the suspension period. Since the freight costs are more affected by seasonal fluctuations, we have experienced a round of decline in asset prices and rents in May and June, and have remained generally stable since April 2017, with no significant change in the prices and lease rates of Vlcc’s assets.
Most of the overseas comparable companies fell during the suspension period, and most of the oil tankers fell more than the other, except for the Middle and Far Sea. The largest increase was in the stock of the port, which rose by 8.3 per cent, and the largest decline was in the Greek shipping company, Naviosmaritimeacquition, which was listed in the United States, which was the source of financial prosperity in the East.
eurn (euronav), dht (dhtholdingsinc) 3. Follow-up outlook, 18 years of long-term lease maturity and increased elasticity of performance.
Oil tankers are currently at the bottom of the cycle, companies are not likely to enter into long lease contracts at the bottom of the cycle, performance elasticity has increased in relation to spot prices, and performance elasticity has increased significantly. Tanker demand forecasts are difficult, and concern has been expressed about the rise in crude oil futures.
Crude oil transport needs are under pressure. But, in addition to demand-side factors, the long-term rise in tanker freight costs is determined by the fact that part of the vlcc is used as a floating storage tank, with reduced active capacity, and the price of the vlcc shipment rises. Oil prices are currently in a state of pre-positioning, with part of the storage returning to the spot market using the vlcc, a source of financial wisdom in the East.
Profit predictions and recommendations Merchant ship (601872): asset injections and oil tankers continue to contribute to major fluctuations in performance
The top 10 prizes (seventh place) for the excellent combination of the Jung Jin-hyun Award (the seventh place) and the top 10 prizes (eighth place) for research in the industry following the 2012 China Securities Industry Merit Award (the eighth place).
Research assistant, Master of Shipping Trade and Finance, Cas Business School, City University of London, four years of experience in shipping market research, held at Clarkson in 2012-2016, to analyze his research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
Our company has no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and construction it contains.
There will be no change. We have tried to report objectively and fairly, but the points, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference, and the information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies, etc.