By taking advantage of the regional advantage, watch the business development space Chengdu Bank, a provincial capital city comptoir rooted in the west, is expected to benefit from the rapid growth of the local economy. The company has introduced the local State Treasury Group and local small and medium-sized enterprises as equity participants.
Shareholders, deep-farming local markets, and the end of the liability perform better than the comptoirs of the city. As stock asset quality packages are cleared, companies perform better in terms of asset quality. For the first time, coverage gives a higher rating.
The regional advantage has helped to develop, and the regional strategic positioning has been upgraded. To benefit from the country’s superiority, the capital’s geographical location, the capital bank has gained momentum, with almost 90% of its operating income coming from Chengdu, where the network is spread throughout the territory.
Mainly, the ratio of 2020q2 to government loans was 62.5 per cent/71.8 per cent, respectively, and companies established extensive and long-term partnerships with regional public finance sectors and local priority enterprises, with a strong local storage capacity.
At the end of the year, local loans accounted for 26.4 per cent, up 1.3 percentage points from the end of 2019. With the upgrading of the economic circle to the national level, regional strategic positioning is expected to expand even further rapidly, with loans in deposit increasing.
A 17.7 per cent increase, maintaining rapid growth. Corporate lending has increased rapidly, with 24.5 per cent at the end of the three seasons and 20.2 per cent at the end of the three seasons.
The negative rate continues to decline, and the burden of asset quality is reduced. As the stock is poorly cleared, the pressure on bank asset quality is reduced. Companies continue the downward trend, with bad loans at the end of the three seasons.
The value is 1.38%, the ring is down by 4bp, the annual rate is 0.40%, and the focus on +undesperable loans is 2.19%, maintaining a high level of excellence in the comptoirs in the city.
The bottom of the economy led to a deterioration in the quality of assets that was expected, and the epidemic repeatedly affected the company’s operations.
Qualifying for portfolio investment consultancy operations, major ratio (RM$ 1 billion)