Strongly recommended (maintained) Maotai, Guizhou: Keeping the business steady and reforming it to ensure long-term viability
Growth. On 1 January 2022, Maotai, Guizhou, issued a 2021 production and operation announcement: (1) in terms of capacity, the company produced about 565,000 tons of gin and alcohol in 2021 and 28.2 million tons of gin in series; (2) in terms of operating income, total operating income is expected to be achieved in 2021
For the first time, the harvest exceeded its annual growth target by hundreds of billions. According to the announcement of Maotai in Guizhou, the company collected about $10.9 billion a year, an increase of about 11.23 per cent a year, while the product structure continued to be optimized from the increase in the previous year, and the revenue from the sale of matai wine grew steadily, at a rate of 9.87 per cent a year-round;
The alcohol series has grown rapidly, with sales revenue rising by 26.11 per cent throughout the year. From the point of time, the year-round q4 has accelerated, and we believe that this reflects the results of the new leadership team, with the head of the Toyota Army at its core, on the main channel, combining with the company.
At the first interim shareholders' conference in 2021, “Promote marketing systems and price system change”, we believe that Mao's system of channels and marketing systems will continue to appear in 2022, with the expected double-wheel drive of marketable growth and price increases, and that Mao's performance will continue to have a significant potential for growth.
Power. In terms of availability, because of the kowtow wine process, the kowtow wine became available in 2022. The channel change became a new point of growth in Mao's performance in the future, with a strong correlation between the volume and the volume of kowtow wine produced in 2018 and the production of kowtow wine in 2018.
"The two-wheel drive effect is obvious, and the White Dragon is a hero, which suggests a much larger increase in the availability of low-end liquor in 2022.
2021.05.27 The country's white wine industry is currently at a price increase, and the old cellar in Lianzhou has already made a price increase for the products under the flag.
The market also has high expectations about the price increases for the five grain fluids and the huts, which have recently published a super-high-end product, the Guotai Mau, and have raised the price of the Mau's new treasures and Mau's old wine 15 or more of its retail instructions. We believe that the year 2022 was the year of the marketing of the branding and performance tests.
Under the double price stimulus, the crop and the net profit will continue to have greater potential for growth. The marketing system will be reformed actively, and the long-term value of the plant will grow faster.
A series of reforms, including the elimination of the six-bottle-dismantling policy and the vigorous promotion of the “Hide Mao” reform of the marketing system, which we believe will continue to be implemented in 2022 with respect to its marketing system and its price system, are still more secure in the long term.
Business is well under way, and reforms guarantee long-term viability. According to Mao Dai's 2021 harvest and net profit, the potential for growth is still high; in the long run, with the new management team in place, Mao's current reforms are gradually taking place, and its marketing system and price system are gradually evolving.
More marketized, and the long-term value of the huts remains much more secure. The macroeconomic downside is more than expected: the risk of food security; and the reform of the huts is not as strong as expected.