A smooth cut-off in 2021, accelerated market-based reforms in 2022, continued market-based reforms in Guizhou (600519.sh) and accelerated performance in the future, maintaining the “buy-in” rating
The q4 q4 q4 q$28.21 billion, compared to +14.3 per cent, is expected to accelerate significantly over the previous three quarters, with increased delivery during the main mid-autumn season, the introduction of new items such as the three-quarter season seasons, the introduction of the five-season seasons, and the end-November distribution plan.
There has been a marked increase in the volume and average price of Maotai wine. The q4 series is expected to generate $3.06 billion, or 2.3%, in comparison with the previous three quarters, mainly because of higher growth rates and corporate initiatives to control the annual rhythm.
Since 2018, companies have faced greater political resistance to direct price increases as a result of the rapid rise in prices of flying products. With the arrival of a new chairman in the third quarter of 2021, the company’s market response has accelerated markedly: in November, the distributors obtained an extra increase in the plan, in December, the removal of the boxing policy, and prices have been effectively controlled.
The conditions for recovering profits from the pipeline are improving. ..the marketization reforms in 2022 will accelerate, with more positive changes in products, channels, prices.
Corporate Information Updates – Reforms are moving forward, one step being the development of high-end products in 2022. With regard to channels, companies have both volume and price improvements, with the exception of online and ka, and companies’ own power provider 2c systems will continue to move forward.
Corporate Information Update - Performance is rising at a smooth pace, and with regard to prices, we expect direct price increases to be carefully planned, but out-of-plan investment increases by distributors, higher consumer tax rates drag profit performance.