One-February performance, new steps in the new cycle, corporate research, company quick reviews, food drinks, white wine.
Corporate bulletin: During the spring of 2022, the company's products were sold well, the market was sold well, and the “open door” was successfully achieved. Preliminary accounting by the Department of Public Affairs, between January and February 2022, the company achieved a gross operating income of around $20.2 billion, an increase of about 20 per cent over the same period; the net profit of the mother country was realized.
Internationally good; 3) long-line values remain prominent and performance is expected to continue to grow robustly; 4) investment proposals: the current valuation continues to be strongly recommended, with a strong value for money. The company ' s medium- and long-term performance growth and certainty remain strong, supported by the continued escalation of external consumption and the continued growth of high-end alcohol, as well as the steady advancement of new internal management and market-oriented reforms. We expect the company ' s net profit to be 520/613/708 in 2021-2023.
Since the beginning of the year, Mao Tai has been selling a lot of wine, and one quarter has been a solid performance, combined with feedback from sources. Since the beginning of the year, Maotai terminal demand has continued to flourish, prices have remained largely stable, and sales have remained steady, and we expect that during the spring season the share of vendors returning and delivering goods will be around 25%, laying basic guarantees for a quarter of performance.
More than 1935 high-priced new items, such as the year’s Sioux and Mao Dai, have received good market feedback and contributed to some of the growth in performance. Of these, 1935 were new items for the general public at a thousand-dollar price, offering a price of $798, recommending a retail price of $1188, benefiting from a higher demand for fresh products, and the recent base of prices at around $1,600–1,700, is expected to gradually shift to public demand and release in the future, and we expect the market to be released this year, or around 2,000 tons.
With market-based reforms moving fast, the fundamental margins are moving ahead, and market-based and digitized reforms, such as marketing and price systems, have gradually been put on the ground since Tin Dong took office in August last year (including skyrocketing investment, cancellation of the open-boxing policy, increase in direct-line deliveries, non-barrel and new price increases). In February this year, the company proposed a combination of resources, a digital blending, and so on.
Convergence, cultural convergence, brand-mixing, and tie-up of tubes with the “Five Together” Marketing Act, set 2022 as the “Creating Year of Reform” and vigorously push for marketing reforms, and unleash stronger positive signals. Under a series of initiatives, the price of the poo wine has remained stable (currently around $2750/3150/bottle) and the basics of the operation have gradually improved.
On the one hand, in 2022, the benefits of a full supply of gin and a series of gins are released, and the increase is expected to accelerate, and we measure about 40,000 tons of gin that will be sold in 2022.
On the other hand, direct sales have increased by about 10 to 15 per cent over the same period, with increases in the price of non-barrel and serial alcohol, which have led to higher profit rates, and a very high profit margin security and potential price increases that may also have given rise to higher performance elasticities.
Against the backdrop of rising external consumption and high-end alcohol, as well as the steady advancement of new internal management and market-based reforms, we believe that the growth and certainty of corporate performance in the medium to long term remain strong. We expect a net return of corporate profits of 520,613,708 million in 2021-2023, with a risk of macroeconomic fluctuations, a large recurrent risk of an epidemic, and a low demand for high-end alcohol.
Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author ' s professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party ' s approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; author ' s past, present or future absence of studies on the subject