The reasons for the report are: the annual report, the annual report of Maotai, Guizhou, the company's total operating income in 2021 was $109,464 million, compared to the previous year.
\triangleright 2021 showed double-digit growth in performance and opened doors in 2022. Companies achieved business income of $10,946.6 billion in 2021, an increase of 11.71 per cent in comparison with the previous year, and a net return to the mother of $52,466 million, an increase in comparison with the previous year.
By sub-product, the series of wines grew faster, and in 2021, at the firm's initiative, it was hard to take action, to take up the “activities” with aggressive gestures and strong measures, to sell the products well, to market well, and to be successful in opening the doors.
The net interest rate increased as a result of the increase in the volume of non-sale products and the increase in the direct channel. Net interest rate of the company in 2021 Net asset rate: 29.90 per cent versus 0.13 pct, mainly due to the increase in the volume of non-substance products and the direct-camp channel ratio.
2) 9.71 per cent of the cost of the period of sale, an increase of 0.07 pct over the same period, of which the cost of sale is an increase in the cost of remuneration and maintenance of the current period; the financial cost rate is -0.85 per cent, a decrease of 0.61 pct over the same period, mainly due to an increase in interest income on commercial bank deposits during the current period; and the cost of research and development
28th floor of ITC, 69th West Street, Taiwon City, 0.06%, an increase of 0.01 pct over the same year.
The "i-tao" went online on March 31, and the marketing reform took another step forward.
On March 31, 2022, the "i-tao" digital camp built by Maotai Liquor Company, Shanxi Securities Company, Inc., will be officially launched on-line.
This is the company’s digital integration, implementing the digital marketing law, and accelerating the completion of new retail boards.
\triangleright’s gross operating income exceeded the target for the beginning of the year. In addition, in 2022, the target was: 1) Total operating income accelerates growth: 1 is expected to be stronger and newly handsome to market through marketing reforms in the Mauptai region.
To convey confidence in development, and to respond in particular positively to market concerns about the marketing system, the price system changes; secondly, the supply of productive capacity, the production of puppies grew at a slower pace in 16-18 years, and the bottlenecks in 2022 are expected to break through. Thirdly, the percentage increase in direct-camp access and non-target products are expected to break through.
Looking forward to 2022, new handsomes will take office, marketing reforms or accelerated landings, becoming new growth points in performance. In the medium and long term, we believe that the company’s scarce, high-track profit-protected river-based security-hair support companies will continue to grow. The company is expected to return to its mother-to-child net profit in 2021-2023.
Food safety risks, macroeconomic downside risks leading to a significant drop in the price of high-end alcohol, an outbreak of \triangleright industry attitude, and an independent and objective presentation of this report. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views.
You will receive any form of compensation, directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendation or opinion contained in this report.