The Sini Hill Signal Exchange has opened its doors to the world, and the company announced that the main financial data for 2021 and the main operations for the first quarter of 2022 are as follows:
In the first quarter of 2022, the company is expected to achieve gross operating income of 2021q4, accelerated growth of 2022, on schedule, and business income of $109.46 billion in 2021, an increase of 11.71 per cent, and net return to the mother of $52.46 billion, a comparison.
The good momentum lies mainly in the firm's initiative, its hard work, its aggressiveness and its strong measures, the “activeness” of its product sales, the market's booming, the success of the “open door steady” and the “open door red”.
The product matrix has been enriched and branded. The company's market moves since the second half of last year, and the launch of new products at the end of the year, which are super-high-end, product-oriented, wine and Chen Ying Mau, 15, have helped to enrich the super-high-end, high-end product matrix and boost the structure of power.
The net asset rate of return: 31.41%. In addition, the price of retail instruction was raised for the new items at the top and 15 items at the end of the year, and the “i-pot” went online on March 31, and the marketing reform took another step.
On March 31, 2022, the "i-tao" digital camp, built by Maotai Liquor, will be officially launched for trial.
This is the company's digital amalgamation of China's 28th China, West Side Street, Beijing.
Implementation of digital marketing to speed up the completion of the new retail shortboard.
The annual gross operating income of Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. exceeded the target at the beginning of the year. In addition, performance is expected to accelerate in 2022. 1) The marketing reforms are expected to be stronger: one is the new lookout and sends a development message to the market.
So, in particular, you can answer the market's concerns about marketing systems, price system reforms, and the second is that you're bound by the supply of productive energy, and the production of puppies grew at a slower pace in 16-18, and the bottlenecks in 2022 are about to break.
In the medium and long term, we think that the low-income, high-end profit-guarded city is a new growth point.
The river construction security support company has continued to grow. In 2021-2023, the company is expected to return to its mother-to-child net profit, food safety risks, macroeconomic downsides leading to a significant drop in the price of high-end alcohol, an outbreak \triangleright
This report is presented independently and objectively. I have clearly and accurately reflected my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation directly or indirectly for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report.