Ben to the future in the name of "Tai" \triangleright
Practice number: s15052011001, 14.5% more than the same year, with an improvement in the speed of growth. Of this total, 21q4 wines earned about 31.3 billion, a 13% increase compared to the same year, Maotais received about 28.2 billion, a 14.3% increase compared to the same year.
About 3.1 billion, or 2.3% more, of the same year, 21q4 companies have significantly increased their electricity supply, and have improved overall supply and demand tensions through the removal of the container removal policy, with an additional 12 bottles/box removal specifications maintained. Since mid-October, the bulk price has dropped from $3,800 to $3270.
The bulk bottle price fluctuated around $2,700, and the price control effect of the batch was clear, pushing the pup prices back to the market, marketization, lower public opinion risk, and the expected increase in market price against pow. Unlike the previous quarter, the distributor was currently making a monthly call for $969 at the factory price.
In January, about 25 per cent of the year’s value, the reference to the previous price increase node was diminished. The production of Mautai wine was released steadily after the year’s production was exceeded.
At the 2021 Congress on Production. Quality, it was stated that in 2021 the target was 5.53 million tons of drinking and alcohol production capacity, that according to the company's announcement the actual excess of about 0.12 million tons had been achieved, and that the target of 56,000 tons had been successfully achieved through the 13th Five-Year Basket Expansion Project.
At one point, the production capacity of Mau-Dai has been maintained at around 50,000 tons, with an increase of about 0.63 million tons in 2021, further safeguarding the company’s supply for future sales. If the sales ratio is 85%, we expect about 48,000 tons in 2025.
For 34.3 million tons, we expect a steady release of the future sales of the puppies, with an increase in sales on the basis of the 13th Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fly-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-O-Five-Five-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-
In December, the company won 26 industrial plots in the eastern part of the town of Xiaohua County, 30,000 strong, direct sales facilitated the release of profits.
Guizhou Mautai (600519): Direct sales of Biti Mau Dai wine to market and enhance the construction of super-high-end product lines. \triangleright
The completion of the expansion of the liquor capacity, the new expansion project has not yet been demonstrated and, in order to take full advantage of the scarcely available Guozhou mat (600519), tax money is draining net production resources, the company is actively building super-high-end product sequences above the skyscraper to adapt to the new one.
Profits, short-term fluctuations, do not change the long-term logic of consumption demand. The company has initially formed the core of the recommended retail prices of $1499, raw wine $2599, fine wine $3299, colored nectar $45999 and Mao Dynasty $5999 for 15 years.
The product ladders. In recent years, there have been few new launches on the roof, except for the raw wine, and during the 70th anniversary of the construction of the factory, the first such launch was organized by the source of the painting.
In our view, the firm's emphasis on self-employed super-high-end products is reflected in the recent contraction of the total distribution of high-end products, and in the huge release of this colored scavengersco., ltd.
Two days after it was published, it was raised to $100 for its recommended retail price, carefully tested the market's feedback on the price exchange, and released a positive signal. We believe that Mao Dai is the industry sticker, its products, prices, etc.
With a certain lead and demonstration effect, white wine is super-high, high-end price belts, or it will open up further up the lifts. Whether it's a price change for the future of the sky, or the new market for this treasure, it's important to rationalize the price regime for the white wine, and on the one hand, to increase the profits through the high-end product line.
Ren, on the other hand, reduced access to the Māori channel is conducive to the reform and market-based operation of the main channel. Profit forecasting and investment rating: in 2022, the Maotai Group used the word "Taiwan, look at the Quartet" \triangleright
In the first 70 years, the heart of every masturbator behind a bottle of puppies is now standing on top of the high, looking at the farthest part of the "double, double-stamped, bifurcated and bifurcated." We believe that in 2022 the company will continue to implement a change in its marketing channels.
Göring, by increasing the volume of direct, power, commercial and super-channels, gradually recovering the profits of the channels and, through the release of super-high-end product lines, contributing to the collection, profit growth and maintaining the spirit of quality, “Five risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; risk of recurring epidemics”
\triangleright worked on a real estate tax assessment (NSF) study at the State Land Commission in Shenzhen City, focusing on macro, real estate, and fiscal issues.
One unit, which has in-depth research and follow-up on sections such as white wine, recreational foods, spices, frozen foods, etc., focuses on valuation and marginal thinking. The components are not, are not, are not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or observations in the present report.
This report is prepared and published by the CSRC. This report is an exclusive research product for the client under a service agreement with the CSS, which provides support and reference in making investment decisions for this group of customers. The rights and obligations of both parties are strictly agreed upon. This report is made available only to the specific customer mentioned above and is not intended for public publication.
The present report is prepared on the basis of publicly available information deemed reliable by the credit securities, but the credit securities do not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report are only the views and judgements of the date of the initial presentation of the present report. The prices, values and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees and the historical performance of the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used.
No special notice may be given to the credit securities for studies that have led to their issuance that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report.