I strongly recommend (maintenance) that you get out of here, that you reform and grow smoothly.
In the evening of 7 March 2022, Maotai, Guizhou released its main business figures for the period January to February 2022, where, according to the announcement, the company's sales of its products improved during the spring of 2022 and the company was successfully “opening the door.” According to the company's initial accounting, between January and February 2022, the company achieved a gross operating income of $20.2 billion.
Since 2022, the white plate pe (ttm) has continued to decline and the previous period has been affected by policy disruptions and recurrent outbreaks in the white wine industry, which have recently been dominated by geopolitical factors and withdrawals.
The expected impact of the fee tax has been adjusted from 53x in early 2021 to 41x, and the valuation is largely within reasonable range. In the medium-to-long term, the industry remains in a state-of-the-art state. The company’s scarce business model and its deep branded moat support its monolith.
It's the first round of wine. This time, for the first time in its history, it's the first time that it's published data on business in the months of January-February.
Fly (1*6) and add 500 ml*12 to open up wine for sale, to prevent overheating, during spring holidays price control is around $2,800. At the same time, the digital distribution system is restored, and a balance between channels and marketized pricing is explored.
In terms of production capacity, the company's 14-Fifteen-Four-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Fin project project has project has been launched in "K-Five-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-
The project was launched on 27 February with an investment of $4.11 billion for a 24-month construction cycle, which will transform the channel into a new growth point for the future performance of the hut.
To further strengthen the company's white wine production capacity. The two-pronged approach to optimize access and build capacity, industry, leadership, secure growth certainty. 2021.11.30 The two-wheel drive effect is clear.
Optimizing the product structure and channel structure, with steady growth in performance. At the end of 2021, the company launched new products such as Xiaotao and Quantico.
In terms of the structure of the channel, the kryptonite has been optimizing the channel structure since 2019, increasing the ratio of the direct-camp channels and increasing their profitability as the direct-camp channel rises.
As a high-end alcohol-resilient footman, under multiple reforms, such as digitization, production, corporate governance, product composition, channels, short-term supply of base alcohol production capacity, upscaling of tonnage through product structure, channel tilt, etc., with a strong degree of certainty in performance.
The value of the company ' s long-term investments has been further highlighted by the current valuation, which has reached a reasonable allocation, geopolitical factors, and food security issues.