Maotai, Guizhou (600519); collection on schedule in 2021, accelerated in the fourth quarter of 2022 , and water reservoirs became apparent. According to the annual report, the company collected $32,411 million in the 2021q4 battalion, an increase of 14 per cent.
Increase in advertising and market expansion costs for the Liquor Series; administrative costs in 2021 amounted to $8.450 billion in operating cash flows of $64 billion (24 per cent increase) from the firm ' s sales provider to a continuous increase in direct sales, with a marked increase in the ton price of the series.
Report on the Assessment of the Incidents in Maotai, Guizhou (600519): Opening as scheduled, accelerating reform prospects 2022-03-29: Report on the Evaluation of the Incidents in Maotai, Guizhou (600519): 2021
Guo Dai Development Study (600519): RMB 82.03 billion (0.6 per cent increase) for stable wholesale channels and Māori 90.30 per cent (compared to 2,193 dealers, of which 2,089 are in the country, representing a net increase of 43).
Recently, the company's new online power provider platform, “i-pot,” is expected to be operational on March 31st. Four products are currently proposed: 53° 500ml in Kuchi State, 53° 500ml mat, 1935°, 53° 375ml*2°.
Year, 53° 500 ml Mautai in Gui State, where Lui Foo is expected to follow the line. The company’s online tagging process is accelerating, and the company is expected to enter the fast track.
At the end of August 2021, the Yuen army became the head of the company and proposed the direction of the company's reform: marketization and rule of law, and the release of positive signals.
During the 1455s, the optimal adjustment of the hut tower was an important point of view, divided mainly into price swaps, product adjustment structures, and channel adjustment structures. In terms of prices, companies have removed the policy of unbundling containers, returned to marketization, and it is expected that the prices of the lean and scattered batches will continue to shrink, and we anticipate that the price will continue to shrink.
In terms of product structure, we believe that companies will continue to adjust the share of non-target products to higher tonnage prices, as confirmed by the price increases for non-target products since this year; the structure of the series of alcoholic products will continue to be optimized.
In-house implementation of the `big one' strategy, with the `1+n' package centred on the Maotai Prince's wine, the Hanzai and Guizhou tunes have become one billion-grade monoliths. The reshuffling of channels is another important point during the 1455s, and the future distribution quota will be maintained.
Change, companies will focus on opening up direct channels (including self-employment, electricity, business super-business, corporate acquisition, etc.). Since 2018, companies have increased their focus on investing in direct channels, especially during such seasons as Mid-Autumn and Spring Festivals, which are followed by national super-highs.
The city, such as Yonghui, regional supermarkets, as high as they are, power suppliers, such as Skycat, and Kyouta, have signed quotas for low-end distribution channels, increasing the breadth, depth and frequency of contact with consumers and increasing the opening rate of low-rises that year.
We continue to watch the brand moat, the medium- and long-term high-end alcohol pattern is still stable, and the Taiding Sea needles are still visible. We expect the 2022-2024 pss to be, respectively, macroeconomic downside risks, the epidemic is driving consumption, the production capacity is not expanding as expected, and it's straight.
Sun Shan Mountain: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers' research experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry,
Caramel plates, in-depth study of the White Wine industry, etc., have been employed in the short-term potentials of the State Trust in Securities, New Age Securities, China Sea, and have been hard at thinking about the White Wine plate, with deep marketed thinking and insight into Soho. What's the word: Master of Laws, University of Shandong, Master of Laws, University of Warway, United Kingdom, with a double master of law, economics, etc.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.