Kodo, Guizhou, 2021.
Kodai Co. Ltd. in Guizhou is a national wine industry, which grew by around 11.2 per cent over the same year; it is expected to realize a 52 billion dollar net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies, mainly producing and selling the three world-renowned wines.
Around the dollar, the same year grew by 11.3 per cent. For 2021q4, operating income grew by 12.42 per cent the same year, one of which resulted in low-level, low-grade, high-school, over 70-specify varieties of the top three series.
The position is on the market, thus occupying a high white market, and the contribution of Mautai q4 is clear. From the product structure, Mautai earns about 93.2 billion yuan, the same as China’s extreme wine market.
About +9.9%, after 21 years of investment in non-standard products such as the company’s continued increase in the direct rate, the increase in the price of a ton of alcohol contributed significantly to income. Liquor series sales revenue was about $12.6 billion, compared with 26.1%, and the reform of this year’s series was very effective. In four quarters alone, 2021q4 was equal to +14.27%.
The increase in the number of unplanned quotas was accompanied by an increase in the price of the unplanned quota, which is expected to contribute more than 700 million dollars to profits, and the increase in profits is judged to be mainly due to the increase in profits.
The overall annual increase in sales is not significant, and given the storage cycle of the Maowdy, which combines actual production from 2016 to 2017, we believe that there is much room for use in 2022. In terms of prices, it is clear that the price of the ton continues to rise.
The reform dividend is expected to be released on an ongoing basis. When the new chairman takes office, the company ' s open-boxing policy is cancelled, the commercial distribution can be delivered directly in boxes at all levels, and the original open-box cardboard and product specifications still need to be handed over to the designated total equity/transmittance (millions of shares)
This approach gives the market a strong confidence in reform. Although the distributor's spring days reserve is still at $969, we believe that there is room for upswing in corporate prices in 2022, with a elasticity in performance as alcohol continues to grow rapidly.
Corporate profitability projections and investment ratings: taking into account the company ' s ability to grow steadily over the long term, the company will enter the performance release period in 2022, with its net profit projected at $62.22 billion in 2022, corresponding to the growth of Eastern wealth and wisdom.
Weixy@dxzq.net.cn Guozhou Maotai (600519): full harvest in 2021, sailing in 2022, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
East Hing Stock Exchange reports: 2021 with a successful withdrawal, 2022 with sails.
Monsso Wang Jie Ting flavour and leisure food.
The research assistant gives an overview of the researcher's own views.
There is no guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice involved. We have tried to report with objectivity and impartiality, but the points and conclusions in the text.
For information purposes only, the information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author. My company and the authors of the report, to the extent they know, are not legally prohibited from evaluating or recommending the securities or investment subject matter of this report.
If permitted by law, my company and the associated institutions to which it belongs may hold parallel securities positions issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.