I'm going to take care of you.
On the basis of the forecast of a 11.3 per cent increase in net profits for the whole year 2021, which is in line with expectations, a steady collection of about 100 million dollars, or 11.3 per cent more than the previous year, the total operating income of 4q was approximately 32 billion dollars, a 12.7 per cent increase, resulting in a net profit of 14.7 billion dollars, a 14.4 per cent increase in the same year.
The target was originally set. In addition, 565,000 tons of Mao-Bing wine and 28.2 million tons of alcohol were produced throughout the year. $93.2 billion was earned for the year, an increase of 10 per cent for the year, $12.6 billion for the year, an increase of 26 per cent for the year, and according to the announcement, 4q-Bok-Bong wine earned about 28.2 billion per season, an increase of 14.3 per cent for the same year.
There has been a marked increase in the previous quarter, and we believe that it is mainly in the Wangjeep and non-marked quantities, which continue to rise in terms of direct sales, with a projected direct sales ratio of more than 20 per cent throughout the year; and in the first quarter of the series of wines, the current income is about $3.06 billion, an increase of 2.3 per cent over the same period, which is a success in meeting the year's targets.
Under the leadership of the new management marketing changes, the current market price of the dumplings has risen to around $2,700/bottle, and the entire container block price has fallen to around $3250, with a smaller price difference. The market is expected to increase the price of the dumplings since the end of the year, but there is no official offer.
At the beginning of the new year, the price of Mau's new wine and the price of the old wine 15 was raised, from $4,499 per bottle to $4,599 per bottle, from $4999 per bottle to $5999 per bottle, which was considered as a test of market response in the industry, on the other hand, as well as a high level of market enhancement.
The end-product matrix, the initiative to raise brand value and restructure the product, is expected to be followed by further marketing reforms, further collating product and channel relationships, and direct distribution channels, and we expect the company to continue to grow robustly in 2022 without price increases.
Prices and the continued use of direct distribution channels will lead to an increase in performance. In 2021, the production of the puppies was exceeded (the target set for the beginning of the year was 553 million tons), and the production of the series is expected to continue to expand with the completion of future technological changes, taking into account previous years' production of the puppies.
The production bottlenecks will be alleviated by the share of institutional investors in circulation, which is 50 times the price, 44 times the price and 39 times the price, respectively, invested in “inter-zone operations”
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. are not made by individual clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or reissued for any purpose in whole or in part of the report.