You're expected to earn about $10.9 billion in 2021, an increase of 11.2 per cent over the previous year.
The performance was in line with expectations, with an accelerated growth of the o4 ring, and the company issued a 2021 production and business announcement, according to preliminary accounting, that the company was expected to realize a gross operating income of $10.9 billion, an increase of around 11.3 per cent over the previous year. On a quarterly basis, 21q4 achieved a gross operating income of approximately $31.95 billion.
The profits grew a little faster than the earnings. Sub-products, in 2021, income from the market was about $93.2 billion, an increase of 9.9 per cent over the same period, and revenue from the liquor series was about $12.6 billion, an increase of 26.1 per cent over the same period.
The product matrix has been enriched and branded. Markets have been active for the second half of the year, with a total of 1935 kyats, connecting and interconnecting with the gin and pasta series; and in 2021, a new product, a super-high-end series, was released at the end of the year, with products in the range of fine gins.
Total market value (billions): 25768 and the old Mau Chai wine 15, which are conducive to the enrichment of the super-high-end, high-end product matrix and the upgrading of the support structure, in addition to the recent upscaling of the retail price of the new Mau-Tai and Mau-Chao wine 15 products for retail instruction, with points
In addition, performance is expected to accelerate in 2022. 1) Subduer marketing reforms are expected to be stronger: one is the new guy who will take up his post and send a development message to the market.
In particular, I would like to respond positively to the market's concerns about the marketing system, the price system reform, and, secondly, the supply of productive capacity, the production of puppies grew at a slower pace in 16-18 and the bottlenecks in 2022 were expected to break.
The rise of the Trade Center at 69 West Street, Taiwon City, on the 28th floor, and the impact of price increases on non-target products, have helped to accelerate growth.
7th floor of the Center, Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd., is a steady year away. Looking forward to 2022, the new guy will take office, the marketing reforms will be on the ground, or he'll be in business.
In the medium-to-long term, we believe that the company’s scarcity, high-end profits, and the construction of the river’s security accompaniment companies have continued to grow. The company is expected to return to its mother-to-child net profit in 2021-2023, food security risks, macroeconomic downsides leading to a sharp drop in the risk of high-end alcohol prices, an outbreak.
This report is presented independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. I have not received, nor will I receive, any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or opinions contained in this report. I promise not to take advantage of my identity or position.
or the information available in the course of his or her profession serves his or her own personal interests or those of others.