Food, wine, and wine: Business targets are expected to be completed, marketing reforms will help speed up the pace of production: Guizhou Maotai announcement 2021, which is expected to achieve gross operating income
Some 11.3 per cent. Preliminary accounting, in 2021, the company produced 5.65 million tons of gin and wine, 28.2 million tons of gin and alcohol.
In 2021, total operating income increased by 11.2% over the target of 10.5% for the year. Of this total, Maotai earned about $93.2 billion (+9.9%) and a series of alcohol revenues of about $12.6 billion (+26.1%).
The higher growth in the series is mainly based on an increase in the price of tons, an increase in the price of the series at the beginning of the year, and structural adjustments. We assume that the share of revenue from the direct distribution channel is equal to the previous three quarters, with total equity/flow (million shares)
The revenue from direct sales grew by dozens of times throughout the year, and the proceeds from sales were stable. Total operating income for the fourth quarter of the bill was about $31.9 billion (+12.4 per cent), of which the income from Maotai wine was $28.2 billion (+14.3 per cent), the revenue from the series wine was $3.06 billion (+2.3 per cent) and the revenue from the last quarter of the single four quarters.
You know, the high speed of your wine in the first three quarters of the year, the overall speed of this year's delivery, and it's also estimated to be related to a four-quarter plan to fly back, raise the price of the non-standardized ratio, and so on. The four-quarter growth in the wine series has slowed.
It is expected to be associated with the pre-spring q4 initiative to control the pace of the market.
A small increase in net interest rates related to tax and alcohol-series increases.
Reported income growth in solid double digits, taxing a q4-pot and a slow increase in the series of wines. Three, this year, the production of the mahogany is full, laying a solid foundation for the 14th Five-Year Plan.
In 2021, 565,000 tons (+12.5 per cent) of the Maupata wine: 28.2 million tons (+13.1 per cent) of the alcohol series, and an increase in the double-digit production of the alcohol will effectively ensure the successful completion of the 1455 plan. With the extension of 30,000 tons of the production capacity of the wine series, the company will be able to develop smoothly and develop its products.
In Wei launched the 1455 and 2035 visions, which strongly supported the 2030 “two hundred thousand tons” plan, and continued to expand the production of a 10-year-long pot and a series of wines to ensure the company's future.
When the new management came into office in September, it was proposed that reforms should be made in the direction of high-quality development, encompassing reforms in the marketing system and in the price system, and it was stated that the reform of the price system should be directed towards the market, based on a longer-term perspective, to return the pot wine to its commodity identity.
From the 14th Plan, there is a need to raise the price of tons to facilitate planning.
In terms of the price margin, the relative abundance of the volume of finished wine in 2022, and the combination punches from the sale of the reforms, several of the full requirements for the price increases were realized.
Between the fly and the 15-year period, plans are expected to be launched for a new piece of paper, 1935, retail guidance price positioning, thousands of dollars +, and companies are further enriched in super-high-end, high-end product matrices, and support structures are upgraded. Profit predictions and pss may fall short of expectations in an optimistic scenario.
Profit projection and financial indicators: Institute, Beijing, Beijing, West Side, No. 9 North Avenue.
The views expressed in the vouchers reflect the personal views of the analysts. The contents and observations of the report are for reference purposes only and do not constitute a reference to the statement in question.
My company and its employees are not liable for any direct or indirect loss resulting from the use of this report and its contents. My company or associated agency may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, and may also provide or seek investment banking services for these companies.