You've got a good opening and a good year's performance, South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
Events: Corporate disclosure of business data, January-February 2022, when the company achieved a gross operating income of $20.2 billion to the right, an increase of about 20 per cent in the same year; a net profit of about $10.2 billion for the mother, an increase of about 20 per cent in the same year; and a smooth opening of the market during the Spring Festival 2022.
All right, the market is booming, and it's going to be a “open door red”; with the same increase in performance, mainly in non-bidding, the monthly price increases for raw wine and fine lows. During the 22nd New Year's Day, the company placed its valuables on the market in an orderly manner.
In January-February, a small increase was expected in the market for Mautai, in which the share of non-consumptions, such as fine products, raw Xiao, continued to rise; the super-incremental quota was placed mainly in direct distribution channels such as self-employment, electricity, and the product and channel structure optimized the overall ton price increase.
During the spring of 2022, the company adjusted its policy to open and remove six bottles of wine per box.
The policy of opening boxes and adding new specifications for 12 bottles per box, with additional quotas being placed mainly in direct channels such as self-employed, electric traders, etc., to better meet consumer demand. In terms of product structure, the company has introduced a very high-end top-of-the-art bottle layout to further improve the structure of the high-end bottled liquor product; in addition, it has launched a heavy-pound new plate, 1935, with thousands of layouts.
The dollar price is close to the consumer, effectively absorbs the spillover demand from the sky, and becomes a new growth pole for the company. The reform dividend continues to be released, keeping in mind the year-round elasticity.
At the same time, the company’s price increases are driven by direct marketing channels that optimize the structure of the channels; recent price increases for some of the non-target products, market-based reform moves have fallen, and the reforms are taking place in the right time.3 The company insists on the “Five Lines” and the “Five Together Marketing Act” and identifies 22 years as the basis for a major step forward, with the current product matrix coming to an end.
Good, market-based reforms are clear, business management efficiency is steadily improving, and optimal governance will maximize the potential for growth and enter a new era of quality development.
Maotai, Guizhou (600519). The new team is new and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, due to, or because of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.