Direct marketing innovation is high, the series grows at a speed of 21q4 and marketing reform progresses steadily. 21q4, the company achieved gross operating income of $32.41 billion, an increase of 14.05 per cent compared to 14.05 per cent, and the mother ' s net profit of $15.19 billion, an increase of 18.09 per cent compared to the previous three seasons.
The distribution channel structure is in place. Under the P5 Marketing Act, the company's fast-track digital platform was changed, and the “i-pot” app went online on March 31, further strengthening its channel control capacity and more accurate targeting to the core consumer population.
In 2021, Maotai earned 93.5 billion yuan, an increase of 10.18 per cent, Māori 94 per cent, yield of 565 million tons and sales of 3.63 million tons, an increase of the same proportion.
Focus, brand premium power is further released; the market feedback is good after the launch of Mau station 1935, becoming a new engine for the series of alcohol growth, and we expect that there is still much room for raising the price of the series in 2022. Since 2017, the sale of the series has been stable at around 30,000 tons, and growth has been largely price-driven.
Since 2019, a series of alcohol productions has been growing year by year, with 6,400 tons of capacity released in 2022, 30,000 tons of technology and 12,000 tons of co-township projects being implemented in an orderly manner, with time available for future series.
Chutai, Kwangyu State (600519), a series of alcohol developments that resulted in gross operating income of around $33.1 billion, an increase of about 18 per cent over the same year, a net profit of 16.6 billion to the mother, a strong sales boosted the release of profits.
Around the dollar, the same year grew by about 19%, continuing the positive momentum of 21q4, less affected by the epidemic and the macro-level environment. Since March, the price of the whole Department of Mautai Liquor has dropped significantly, mainly as a digital platform.
The roll-out has increased investment expectations and the weak economic environment, leading to a crowding out of investment-related funds, mostly with emotional fluctuations. The bulk price of the flying bottles is currently stable at around $2,600, the whole box is stable at $2,800 to the right, and the narrowing of the price margin will further improve the balance between investment and consumer demand.
Risk factors: risk of macroeconomic uncertainty; risk of recurring epidemics \triangleright
In Shenzhen, it was planned for a study by the National Land Commission (NSF) on the valuation of real estate tax bases, focusing on macros and ground.
Production, taxation, etc. In 2015, I entered the country with a sales + research experience, focusing on the industry and its shareholdings, with in-depth research and follow-up on such sections as white wine, recreational foods, spices, frozen foods, etc., and with emphasis on valuation and inclusive thinking.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.