On 7 March, the company issued an operational data bulletin, and during the spring season the company's products were sold to the market.
In a positive trend, a total of about $20.2 billion in January-February, or +20 per cent; a net return of about $10.2 billion, or +20 per cent, to the mother; and a successful “open door” on the spring festival. The reform dividend was released with high expectations, with a strong sense of resilience. The company achieved both at the end of the income and at the profit end in January-February.
At the beginning of the 22nd century, despite the outbreak and macroeconomic pressure, the price of the bulk of the bottle remains stable and the overall demand is still good. The company is exceedingly expecting the opening of the spring season.
State Maotai Depth Report, 2022.2.28 Red, attests to the resilience of the dragons to operate under external disturbance, and we appreciate the further release of the company's ability to reform at the channel, marketing, product and so on.
2. Successfully accepted in 21, waiting for 22 years of change in multidimensionality to be continuously optimized and profit-oriented or resilient. Recent feedback indicates that Luffy has opened up a call for money in March and delivered the stock at a lower level of control in the channel; the volume of non-supplier deliveries has increased, in combination with this
3. "Stand away, focussing on reforming the new weather - the low in Guizhou, the prerequisite price is expected to contribute to the price of tons; the low price of 1935 bars in the wine series has been slightly released and the price of the recent batch has been slightly reduced. The whole stacking with a relatively low price of alcohol has been phased out, and we think the company's product is closing.
Optimization is expected to accelerate, and profit ends are expected to be more flexible. 4. The Shareholders Assembly releases positive signals, new management is well ahead of its stage, and medium- and long-term advice is to take back the extravagant profit logic.
In 18 years, the production of poo liquor rose to 22-year loop acceleration.
The present rich in vitro profits, on the one hand, attest to the firm’s strong bargaining power, and, on the other hand, indicate that there is ample space for forward performance, suggesting that attention be paid to the logic of off-the-shelf profits in the medium and long term. The downside risks of macroeconomics, the recurrent risks of an epidemic, the failure to reform channels, and food security.
Yetao@gjzq.com.cn