Maotai, Guizhou (600519). Successful discharge in 2021, approximately 565,000 in 2022 and 282,000 in 2021.
According to production and operations in 2021, 565 million tons of gin in 2021 opened up a solid foundation with the opening year of the 1455th S.S. In 2021, the Mautai Liquor Camp collected about 93.2 billion yuan, an increase of 9.9 per cent; and in the series 126
Since 2021, the company has continued to enrich the matrix of non-target products and to boost its branding power through non-target products. At the end of September, the station was launched, with a price of $1935 and a price of $788, zero and a price of $1188 and a price band of kilobits to fill the gap between the Puffy and the series of wines.
Price belts. The company will continue to enrich the matrix of non-target products following the launch at the end of December.
The new move to change positions, the optimal adjustment, is an important point of view.
Direction: Marketization and legalization, releasing positive signals. Recently, the Maotai cancelled the Poo-flying and unpacking order, adding a bottle of 12 bottles of bottle size per box, which was dedicated to opening up zero, to meet the differentiated needs of the target group.
During the 1455s, the optimal adjustment of the hut tower was an important point of view, divided mainly into price swaps, product adjustment structures, and channel adjustment structures. In terms of prices, companies have removed the policy of unbundling containers, returned to marketization, and it is expected that the prices of the lean and scattered batches will continue to shrink, and we anticipate that the price will continue to shrink.
In terms of product structure, we believe that companies will continue to adjust the share of non-target products to higher tonnage prices, as confirmed by the price increases for non-target products since this year; the structure of the series of alcoholic products will continue to be optimized.
In-house implementation of the `big one' strategy, with the `1+n' package centred on the Maotai Prince's wine, the Hanzai and Guizhou tunes have become one billion-grade monoliths. The reshuffling of channels is another important point during the 1455s, and the future distribution quota will be maintained.
Change, companies will focus on opening up direct channels (including self-employment, electricity, business super-business, corporate acquisition, etc.). Since 2018, companies have increased their focus on investing in direct channels, especially during such seasons as Mid-Autumn and Spring Festivals, which are followed by national super-highs.
The city, such as Yonghui, regional supermarkets, as high as they are, power suppliers, such as Skycat, and Kyouta, have signed quotas for low-end distribution channels, increasing the breadth, depth and frequency of contact with consumers and increasing the opening rate of low-rises that year.
We continue to watch the brand moat, the medium- and long-term pattern of high-end alcohol remains stable, and the performance of the Taiding Sea needles is still evident. According to the performance forecast, we have slightly adjusted the downside risk of the 2021 - macroeconomic downturn, the epidemic is slowing down consumption, the capacity of production is expanding short of expectations and straight.
Sun Shan Mountain: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers' research experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry,
Beverages of hot drinks, in-depth studies of the white wine industry, etc., have been employed in the country's bonds, New Age securities, China's opportunities, and have been good at taking stock of short- and medium-term potential; have been hard at thinking about the white wine plate, and have thought and insight into the deep market for soy wine.
I will not receive any form of compensation either directly or indirectly because I did not, nor because I did not receive any form of compensation for the specific suggestions or opinions in this report.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.