\triangleright \triangleright 31/03/2022
Realization of net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $52.46 billion, an increase of 12.3 per cent, with profits slightly higher than previous performance reports \triangleright and structural upgrades to boost the company ' s combined tonnage prices, with distribution channels largely stable.
30.2 million tons, or 1.46 per cent, with a ton price of $417,400,000, or 24.25 per cent, Māori rate for the series of liquor, and the continued promotion of marketing reforms and the online launch of the “i-tao” power company platform.
Since taking office, the marketing system has continued to be reformed, and the Maotai Group, at its 2022 market meeting, based on the new trends, new groups, new scenes, new retailing, new products and “five new” changes, introduced a “five-fold marketing law” by the Party Secretary of the Maotai Group, Chairman Tin Yujun, which proposes to implement a digital marketing law to speed up the completion of the new retail shortboard.
1. Sub-depth report: Focus on marketing reform, upscaling is still sustainable Building and perfecting digital marketing platforms to inject new dynamism into marketing.
In January-February 2022, in Guizhou (600519.sh), the “i hut” digital marketing app went online on 31 March, which may help to further strengthen channel control.
The main factors behind the sharp fall in Pumpau prices are short-term supply-side increases, low demand-side consumption seasons, and reform reforms in the market of the huts, and the expected dividends. While short-term batch prices have fallen rapidly, low prices have become less volatile, followed by a change in marketing of the huts.
The decline in the ground and the gradual easing of the epidemic has brought about a recovery in the consumption scene, and the prices of the huts are expected to be stable and gradually warming. Assessment: 2021 is stable, 2022 sails are launched, digital marketing reforms are advanced, and access control capacity is further enhanced, based on the 2021 report, and companies are expected to recover.
In the first half of the year, steady growth was achieved, with direct revenue as a share of historical industrial policies at limited risk; and 3) the impact of the epidemic was over-expected. The methodological and analytical logic led to the conclusions of the study, which was presented independently and objectively, and was responsible for the content and views of the report. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research undertaken by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.