The company successfully opened its doors in 2022. During the spring of 2022, the company's core product was well marketed.
The company achieved a total business income of $20.2 billion between January and February 2022, and is expected to be released in 2022. Thanks to the completion of the 13th Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-Five-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-
Of this amount, the company produced about 565,000 tons of puppies in 2021, which is an increase in the production of 497 tons of puppies in the same year. In conjunction with the production cycle of puppies, the Department is expected to enter the period of productive release in 2022.
Since December 2021, the company has continued to optimize its product structure on the basis of a solid flight to the sky, and has published the super-high-end Guotai and the Tiger Year. In addition to the release of new products, the company issued a new product, the Mae Tae and the new one, on January 1, 2022.
Among these, the price of the new prize has been raised from $4,499 to $4599, and the price of the past year's premium has been increased from 4999 to $5999, further increasing the price range of the product. While optimizing the structure of the product, the company is actively pursuing channels.
Reforms have been made, and direct marketing channels have been developed, and they are expected to boost the company’s output to a greater extent, and the company’s fundamentals are expected to continue to improve. The leadership of the White Wine industry, the company’s two-wheel-drive strategy and the company’s two-wheel drive, is clear.
At the same time, the new chairman has a stronger confidence in the company’s reforms, the market has higher expectations of the company’s reforms, and the company’s performance is expected to improve. The “recommended” rating of the company is maintained.
The rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes. I have a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and I have been able to do so independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner.
This report is produced with knowledge. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views, and is free from the interference and influence of stakeholders such as the company’s relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, fund management companies, asset management companies, etc. I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report.