Guizhou Maotai announcement: open door supermarket expectations, Long 2022 08: incident: Mao Dai disclosure of January-February major business data bulletin, initial accounting by company, January 2022
In February, the company achieved a gross operating income of around $20.2 billion, an increase of about 20 per cent over the same period; and in January-February, it was expected to continue at an accelerated pace, as expected, to be attributable to the January-February revenue profit supermarket. In January-February, the company’s revenue/net profit increased by about 20 per cent over the same period, with the supermarket forecast, which amply illustrates the positive growth in sales during the spring season.
Gerby's price is higher, and we expect q1's share of direct sales to continue to rise, contributing to a major increase; 2) a partial increase in the price of new products and series of 1935 on the pedestal. Clarity, splitting, allows the base to break by 40,000 tons next year, a 10% increase over the sales.
Ge (continue to increase the percentage of direct investment) and product reforms (enhanced non-targeting and new inputs, etc.), with increased certainty of entry acceleration and expected growth of supermarket performance.
There is no change in the base, there is no change in marketized marketing. The new Chairman of the Board, Tin, has always proposed that the core task be to take the initiative to change, push for strong marketing reform and push for a qualitative leap in market performance and standards, and that the series of moves since he took office show that management is willing to change the way it works.
The current price gap is still large, and strong marketing reforms are expected to boost extravagant profits.
The continuous improvement in the size of the revenue collection by the channel structure has been accompanied by a gradual expansion of production, a further clarification of the product structure, a combination of volume prices and new leadership, with no hope of breaking the 100 billion mark.
Mid-year review: q2 meets market expectations, channel structure continues to improve the series of wines.