Kodai, Guizhou (600519): Open on schedule, reform on schedule, start on schedule for the first quarter of the year, and speed up the reform of the power vendor platform, as compared to the company ' s business report of 2021, the current performance report for 2021 is largely a kiss.
About $16.6 billion, or 19% more. In a quarter, the company opened its doors on schedule, and this year's revenue and profit growth accelerated. Recently, the company's new online power station, the “i-pot,” is expected to become operational on March 31st.
Products: 53° 500ml Mautai, 53° 500ml Mau, 1935, 53° 375m1*2 (Yugu) and 53° 500m1 Mau Tai, and Pu Fei is expected to follow the line.
The process of reform has accelerated, and the company is expected to enter the fast track.
Successfully accepted, 2022 - 12-31 August 2021.
Far away, reforms are accelerating, on the way, and the direction of reforms 2021-12-24: marketization and rule of law, giving rise to positive signals.
On the price side, the company has removed the policy of unbundling the boxes, returned to marketization, and it is expected that the price of the scavenging and scavenging batches will continue to narrow, and we anticipate that the price will be raised at least once during the 1455s.
The company will continue to adjust the share of non-target products, as evidenced by the increase in the price of non-target products since this year; the structure of the series of wine products will continue to be optimized, and the strategy of “big monolith” will be implemented internally, with “1+n” at the heart of the Prince Maotai wine.
The big monoliths, the Hansel and the Guizhou tunes have become a billion-class monolith. The reshuffle is another important point during the 1455s, the future distribution quotas will remain unchanged, and the company will focus on opening up direct channels (including self-employment, electricity, business excellence).
Since 2018, companies have increased their focus on direct investment, especially during the seasons of Mid-Autumn National Day and Spring Festival, in conjunction with national supermarkets such as Yong-hui, regional supermarkets such as high speed, electricity suppliers such as Skycats, Kyoto, etc.
The distribution channels signed a poo quota to increase the breadth, depth and frequency of their contacts with consumers, and to increase the opening rate. We continued to watch the brand moat, and the medium- and long-term high-end alcohol pattern remained stable.
Taiding's needles are still visible. According to the performance report, we have slightly adjusted the macroeconomic downside risk, the epidemic is slowing down consumption, the output is expanding less than expected, the camp channels are growing less than expected, the reform process is less than expected, and the prices are rising rapidly.
Sunshan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers' research experience, comprehensive coverage of food and beverage industry, clustering, in-depth study of white wine industry, etc.
Short-term potential shares; thinking about white wine plates, with deep market-based thinking and insight into Soo's wine. What's the word: Shandong University, Bachelor of Law, University of Warwick, United Kingdom, has a double master of law and economics that reflects my research?
This report is produced by Chinese securities and is used only by customers of Chinese securities.
Yes, but without any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of this information. We have tried to report its contents objectively and impartially, but the information and views expressed in the report do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the said securities, which do not take into account the specific investment purposes, financials, and the persons to whom this report is based.
Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, and should consult with professional consultants on finance, law, commerce, taxation, etc., when necessary, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs.
See, for all the consequences of relying on or using this report, none of the Chinese securities and/or their associates.