On 31 March, the company released its annual report for 2021. During the reporting period, the company achieved a double-digit increase in its net profit return to its mother, and the size of the collection went beyond $100 billion for the first time.
q4 outperformed the year, and the growth in the crop was driven by the increase in the use of the pottery. Company q4 earned $32.411 billion (yoy+14.05 per cent) in the industry and 15.194 billion yuan in the net return profit compared to the annual average.
At the end of 2021 to the beginning of the year, a new product was launched, the structure of the support product was upgraded, the product was better placed and the market was upgraded. On December 29, 2021, a new "precious" was placed on the market.
The net profit rate returns to double digits, and the distribution system continues to be optimized.
In addition, during the spring season, the heavyweight members of the "Mau Tai, share product" were released in 1935, retail instructions were issued, direct sales were realized, and price increases were released.
In 2022, the company officially entered the market for seedings, made the brewing of raw alcohol seeds, and further consolidated the company’s entire chain of brewing wine.
In 2021, the company achieved 94.38% in direct sales, accounting for nearly 30% of the revenue from q4. Recently, Mao Dai announced that the official marketing figures, app “i poo” would be launched on March 31, and that the “i poo” would jump up soon after it got on line.
Appstore tops the free list, and as soon as the company changes its traditional sales pattern below the line, it actively explores the direct sales of electric power suppliers.
The level of profitability has remained stable, with a slight increase in the cost of the same period. The company has maintained a steady level of profit for 21 years, with a Māori rate of 91.54 per cent, an increase of 0.13 pcts over the same year, mainly due to a double increase in the Māori rate of the kowtow and series of liquor, and a significant increase in the Māori rate of the series.
The increase in management costs ranged from 0.81 pcts to 7.96 per cent on a year-on-year basis, mainly as a result of increases in staff remuneration and maintenance costs for the current period. In addition, sales and financial costs decreased by 0.1 pcts and 0.63 pcts, respectively, and jointly driven net interest rates increased by 0.29 pcts to 52.47 per cent on a year-on-year basis.
Profit forecasts and investment proposals: The company recently released business data for the first quarter of 2022, with an estimated increase of 18 per cent in the year-on-year revenue of 2201, an increase of 19 per cent in the net profit from the year-on-year net return, and a bright start in performance Risk factors: macroeconomic downside risks, outright marketing less than expected risks, recurrent risk of the epidemic,