The Center for Consumer Upgradation and Recreation Studies has successfully retired for 21 years, waiting for 22 years for the acceleration of the multi-dimensional reform Billion yuan, or +12 per cent, and the net return to the mother $14.7 billion, or +14 per cent.
Performance meets expectations, 22 years of price rises. 1) Maotai collected 93.2 billion yuan in 21 years, equal to +9.9 per cent; of these, q4 battalions collected 28.2 billion yuan, equal to + 14 per cent, with a marked improvement in the velocity ring ratio. We predict that in 21 years, the sales of Mautai increased by 3550,000 tons, with a medium to low number of digits; the prices increased by a large number of places, channels and channels.
Reforms drive up the ton price. Looking forward to next year, considering the 18-year base of base alcohol production and 16%, the drop is expected to increase. 1. "Stable distance, focus on reforming the new weather - a significant increase in the price market in Guizhou " ; super-channel reform and price marketing, 22 years of full price increase. ")
The Shareholders Conference releases a positive signal that the new management is largely driven by price rises and that the rate of release slows down. 3) The net return interest rate has been flat for 21 years, with q4 exceeding the target for production of the poo-pyi wine and steadily investing in production capacity.
3. High Quality Development, Good Mid-performance: Tons of good performance, Overproduction of the Mau Wine Production; series of alcohol improvement projects built over the 1455 period, Production 4. Short-term Performance Tax Rate Disturbed, Steady Year-round
The supply and demand gap in the market is still high, and the market is expected to grow faster than expected.
Short-term price increases have been weakened, with emphasis on long-term market-based reforms. Recently, Mao Tai released the spring festival part of the loan.
Cashing-Kotai Annual Report Review, 2021.4.6 The old and new management changes have taken place at a firm pace (e.g. elimination of non-species and flying boxes, 800 tons from marketing groups to traditional distribution channels, introduction of digital marketing) and recovery of in vitro profits
It is still the long-term direction. Performance is expected to accelerate over 22 years, with precious goods, investment or macroeconomic downside risks, recurring risk of an epidemic, poor channel reform, food safety.