The company increased its performance by q4 with a double-wheel drive. The company achieved net profits of $109 billion and $52 billion in 2021, an increase of 11.2% in the same year.
With 11.3%, performance has grown steadily and in line with expectations. By category, the company has implemented a two-wheel-drive strategy for the series of wines and alcohols, with a faster growth in the series. In 2021, the company ' s liquor industry now earns about 93.2 billion yuan, an increase of 9.87% over the same period; it earns about 12.6 billion yuan in the series.
In a single quarter, the company q4 achieved a gross operating income of about $31,947 million, or about 28.2 million tons of alcohol in the same series, an increase of about 13.25 per cent in the same year. In 2020, the company was able to grow 0.63 per cent and 0.78 per cent in the same year as the production of alcohol in the same series.
By comparison, the company accelerated the release of base alcohol in 2021. The company accelerated the release of base alcohol, mainly because of the completion of the 13th Five-Year Powder and the orderly extension of the series. In 2018, the company produced 497 million tons of base alcohol.
On the product side, the company continues to optimize the product structure and push for upgrading.
After the release of the new product, the company raised the price of the new rare pottery on 1 January 2022 and the new pottery on 1 January 2022. Of this, the price of the new bottle was raised from 4499 to $4599 for retail instruction, and the price of the Chen Guet wine on the 15th retail instruction was 4999.
Channels, channels, are gradually moving towards flat flattening. Direct sales channels are expected to boost the company’s output to tonnage. As a leader in the white wine industry, the company’s two-wheel drive strategy is clear, and the expansion of direct sales channels is expected to increase the product’s ton price.
At the same time, the new chairman has greater confidence in corporate reform, higher market expectations for company reform, and a firm’s performance is expected to improve. Keeping the “recommended” rating of companies.
The “market index” of this rating system is based on 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association to produce this report in a diligent and professional manner, independently and objectively and to the extent that I know it. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and is free from the company’s relevant business sectors, issuers, listed companies, etc.
I assure you that I have no interest in the subject matter of the securities or investments referred to in this report.