Topper Group (601689.sh) net profits increased by 55% in the third quarter of the year, platform-based supply matrices continued to be released, clients were active with products, and net profits increased by 40% in the first three quarters of the year.
The net profit earned by the mother was RMB 2.23 billion, RMB 39.9 per cent, or RMB 2.02 billion, or RMB 34.8 per cent, and the non-net profit was RMB 24q3 million, or RMB 730 million, or RMB 53.7 per cent, or RMB 4.0 per cent, for the first quarter of the year.
The steady release of lines (engineer electronics + original masters) and the continued growth of efficiency gains have kept the business on track. The scale effect has continued to release and raise the Māori ratio.
3.32 billion yuan (+14.9%) in the third quarter of the company ' s shock absorbers; 6.02 billion yuan (+14.9%) in the interior of the company, which brings certainty of medium- and long-term performance from the depth of the high-quality customer binding and the successive production of new products.
The point is that high-quality clients such as North American clients (25 years of expected 20-30 per cent growth), Hua dynasty, idealism, Gilly, Biadei and Mi, etc., are on a continuous basis, adding new products: Tupou has now won a 26 per cent increase in net profits in the second quarter of the Tupou Group (601689.sh) - a 26 per cent increase over the same period.
8 fixed-point projects at 2304 continuous production; line control to achieve six project fixation and official production of the Top Group (601689.sh) - platform-type supply matrix, with net profit on a continuous basis wiring; telecentres have been targeted for nine projects; and intelligent electrical door systems are gradually being produced, while thermal management works are being carried out.
Tupou Group (601689.sh) - Profitability continues to improve, with one quarter of net profits and plants covering China, Europe and the Americas, with a total capacity of more than 4 million units/year, and company implementers continuing with an electric power-driven system operating at $6.27 million in 24h1 and a Māori rate of 52.3 per cent, progressing well.
Top Group (601689.sh) - executives have increased confidence in business, end and machine investment proposals: Tesla’s industry chain core, maintaining a “better than the big city” rating. Keeping in mind the growth of performance brought by corporate platforming strategies, taking into account subsequent increases in end-user sales
Continuation, and maintenance of profit projections, the TPR net return profit for 24/25/26 is expected to be 730 million yuan, compared with 53.7 per cent and ring + 4.0 per cent, respectively. Overall, business performance has continued to grow as a result of the firmness of the company’s multi-product line (the electronics of automobiles plus the original main industry) and the continued growth of efficiency gains.
Figure 2: Company operating income and rate of increase in the single quarter of the year q3 billion yuan (6.07 per cent of revenue) and the effect of the firm ' s size continues to materialize; in the previous three quarters, the company ' s concussioner revenue figure 5: company Maori rate and net interest rate
Figure 6: Māori and net interest rates for companies for the single quarter of the year
The process of globalization has accelerated, and the process of alumina control arm has won BMW orders. The process of globalization of the Topper Group has continued: 1) in terms of capacity: Mexico’s factories have moved fast, with the first plant of one of the first projects having been put into operation and the other three in sequence; colleagues Tupou’s Polish factory has also been officially launched, and Tupou’s overseas factories are now being laid in Europe.
North America, South America, and South-East Asia, covering various types of products such as heat management, chassis, shock mitigation, accessories, etc.; 2) Project area: Top-up aluminium-exercise control arm gets BMW orders, laying the groundwork for expanding the European market. Ball-up aluminum-control arm is one of the highest thresholds in the suspension system, and this time it is fully recognized through a European luxury brand.
Since then, Top has made a full-scale move to higher-end clients through the approval of mainstream clients. He has become the country’s only supplier of aluminum-plating arm that has been fixed by a luxurious brand in Europe.
The company is a global minority of parts and components with independently developed chassis system modules, mastering the core process of high-strength steel and light alloys, and establishing four one-stop lightly quantified solutions for optimized +6 processes + 10 product lines: *4 optimizations: structure optimization, materials optimization, process optimization, configuration optimization;
(a) Six main processes: high-pressure casting, vacuum casting, low-pressure casting, differential-pressure casting, crushing casting, exercise, etc.;
In the case of aluminium alloy materials, it is not limited to the application of materials on the market, it is also designed to optimize the development of specific materials and form a uniquely light quantitative material. It is also developed in cooperation with university scientific institutions.
Heat-free treatment of aluminium alloy materials, high intensity, high extension material. Topou has the full process capability of light alloys required for chassis and car parts, covering high-pressure casting, vacuum casting, low-pressure casting, differential casting, squeeze casting, exercise etc., which can provide clients with full access to suitable solutions +
Under the different processes, the product wall thickness is designed to be wide enough to achieve full coverage from 100 pa to 350 pa, with extension rates ranging from 2% to 12%. On the basis of the above, Topper can provide customized services to clients and recommend the most appropriate light-quantifiable processes for the use of scenarios and performance requirements.
R & D is a powerful and efficient combination of R & D, focusing on key products and core technologies in the industrial chain in the R & D process and applying the accumulated technology and experience to new products and improving R & D efficiency. Based on long-term foundational development and technological breakthroughs, integrated development and systems integration capabilities, such as generators, electricity, fluids, software, etc., are built on long-term foundational development and technological breakthroughs.
In ibs, for example, ibs are a highly integrated safety system that integrates multidisciplinary elements such as machinery, electronics, hydraulics, controls, algorithms, etc., and companies in rapidly changing car market environments: 1) longitudinal iterative products: ibsibsproibsred and ibsevo; 2) horizontal extension of product lines:
Based on capabilities such as power control, software, manufacturing, chassis, etc., to expand the wiring and steering systems (electrically aided transition systems, active back-wheeling systems, electrical tube poles, etc.), heat management system pump valves, air-suspension integrated gas chargers and control units, smart cabin products, power drive executors, etc., laying the foundation for the company to maintain its rapid development.
Investment proposals: The Tesla industry chain core. Maintains a “better than the big market” rating.
On the other hand, the company has recently published information on the recruitment of personnel for pump valve research and development centres, power-driven industries, smart surface development centres and electro-shock mitigation devices. It is expected that the company ' s research and development, design, production and cooperation capabilities will continue to be strengthened and that potential related operations such as the company ' s air holds, heat management systems and implementers will be expected to benefit.
We continue to look at the performance certainty and growth of the Topping Group product expansion, client breakthroughs, expansion of production capacity, and, given the highly competitive context of the end-of-car market, maintain the profit forecast, expected to be 24/25/26 years. The authors ensure that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels. The logic of the analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and is based on reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author