Performance continued to grow, with the Tier 0.5-level model driving business exposure.
Incidents: On 29 October, Tupou Group issued its third-quarter report for 2024, and the sales of the ball have continued to grow, with companies expanding in terms of both domestic and foreign high-quality customer spending, adding down to the impact of year-on-year rainfall and price volatility of raw materials.
The main data is October 29, 2024, Tier0.5 class, which drives the volume of operations. The Tier 0.5 class, which was introduced by the company, is accepted, and the eight major auto parts business continues to be released.
For $6.014 billion, an increase of 33.14 per cent over the same period; for the heat management system operations, an increase of $1,290 million, an increase of 940.32 per cent over the same period. For robotic power-driven systems, there is a steady increase in research and development inputs and construction of technology moats.
Surrogate systems, smart seating projects, wire control ibs, wire control switches, etc. Productions continue to grow, and product lines continue to grow, which is expected to increase the value of the product bicycles.
Outside the manufacturing bases of Wuhan, companies have established manufacturing bases in overseas countries such as the United States, Brazil, Malaysia, Poland, and Mexico.
The European market is well under way, and the ball of the core parts of the chassis is lightly quantified. The exercise aluminum arm has been awarded a BMW global project order.
Investment proposals: The company is a leading car parts and components company, and the tier 0.5 cooperation model is accepted by the client community. As new energy cars grow, the company’s eight largest auto parts and components industry continues to be released: the second growth is expected in the future as the power-driven systems project is targeted.
Industry competition increases risk; overseas capacity-building is not progressing as fast as expected; technology upgrades and generations risk; the risk of a decline in the Māori rate; the risk of exchange rate fluctuations; the risk of geopolitical events. Investors are only fit to use risk levels not higher than “middle- and low-risk” studies, and “stable” investors are only fit to use risk levels not higher than “medium-risks”
“Positive” investors are only suited to the use of “middle- and high-risk” studies, and “radical” investors are fit to use the various categories of our Department who have their own qualifications or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment consultancy, as granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report independently and objectively, within the limits of their knowledge, in a diligent and professional manner. This report clearly and accurately reflects their research views and is free of the company's relevant business departments, issuers, listed companies, funds.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and that I have not used them.