2. Tupou Group (601689.sh) series comment six: Tier company has a new high income history for the following reasons: 3. Tupou Group (601689.sh) series comment five: q1
Lisbeth 2024q3 achieved sales of 11.16 million vehicles, corresponding to +603.53 per cent, ring +11.36 per cent, with the future of the new 4. Tupou Group (601689.sh) series IV: profits, model roll-out and listing, and we expect that Cyrus sales will continue to grow; 3 guilds 2024q3 will be achieved
With a sales volume of 53.4 million vehicles, i.e. +15.77 per cent, and a ring +11.24 per cent, we value the company ' s kryptonium, helium, silver, and silver, the third in the series: performance, new energy vehicle models under river brands are being introduced, leading to an increase in the penetration and sale of new energy sources in Gilly cars;
2) Overseas operations: The company ' s Mexican factory, which was officially launched in September 2024, produced a total of 20,000 units in August 2024, and produced 300,000 units in October. The European market is well under way, with a light-quantified chassis core zero.
The BMW Global Project Order was obtained by the company during the reporting period. Polish factory phase II is intensifying planning to lay the groundwork for more European home-grown orders; platform-type tier 0.5 swords means global gas taps. Client +: strategic binding of Tesla and new driving forces.
In the age of smart electric power, the core competitiveness of the company qstp built on a stable partnership with the international, domestic and innovative car companies and the major traditional garages, accompanied by common and philistine growth, the strategy is now to bind Tesla and start a new round of growth, while entering Ford, fca, lucid,
Daimler, BMW, the general public, Audi, Honda, Toyota, etc. In response to the changes in industrial electric intelligence, the company actively collaborates with the new drivers of head-making, such as rivian, Uri, Peng, Idea, Biadi, Gilly New Energy, Cyrus, and explores the mode of cooperation of the Tier 0.5 level, providing full product line synchronization for customers.
Research and development and supply services are accelerating the international strategy. In addition, the company's automobile electronics operations are gaining ground, with closed air suspension systems, smart brake systems ibs, electric transition systems eps, intelligent electrical door systems, etc., making an important contribution to technology.
Product +: Eight product lines, platform-based enterprises. The company ' s innovative business model of 0.5 has continued to grow rapidly, with the value of a single-car package for head smart electric cars increasing and now has eight series of products: car nvh decomposition system, interior and interior adornment system, light weight quantifier, smart cabin components, heat management.
Systems, chassis systems, air overhang systems, intelligent driving systems with one-stop solutions for the cable control chassis, complete thermal management modules and self-researching for core parts, with a vehicle support of $30,000 and continuous extension space.
Actively configured robots have intelligent stars. Teslabot can use smart car chips, \triangleright power, algorithms to raise awareness, decision-making, and control capabilities, while sharing development costs and reinstating the end-of-cycle supply chain.
Under the catfish effect, the robotics industry is expected to develop in the smart electric vehicle industry, and the material changes brought about by technological maturity + cost drops will drive the full penetration of human robots. The motion executor is one of the core components of the robot, and the robotic line executor and rotation executor developed by the company has sent samples to customers on several occasions and has obtained their approval.
In addition, according to the company ' s 2023 report, the company will upgrade as quickly as possible and enter the scale of production, using 300 acres of land for robotic power-driven systems research and development of the production base project, two power-driven production lines will be operational on 8 January, with an annual capacity of 300,000 power-driven executors, and additional capacity has been planned.
Investment recommendations: The company is a high performance elasticity in the Tesla industrial chain and is expected to emerge as a champion of autonomous parts and components in the light of changes in electric intelligence, thanks to the industry ' s leading clients \triangleright exhibition and product extension capabilities; the current machine
It is hoped that the new business areas will gradually increase in capacity-building. Consider the changing and lightly quantified needs of the company’s major clients, intelligent driving systems, thermal management systems, growth of robotic implementers, and the logic of methodology and analysis to draw conclusions, produce the present report independently and objectively and be held accountable for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research of researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.