Tupou Group (601689) car q3 performed as expected with higher net profit compared to the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
The increase in sales by 24q3 major customers, the growing group of high-value smart-car customers, and the rapid progress in the domestic market, the collaboration between companies and such companies as Celes, Ideas, Ulais, Chirí, Wall, Mi, Biadi, Gilly, etc.
In addition, companies continue to improve their performance, with a Māori rate of 24q3 of 20.9% and a product-plating strategy. The company’s innovative business model of 0.5 has continued to be accepted and accepted by clients, with billions of dollars, +744%. The air overhang project, the smart cabin project, the wire control ibs project, the wire control switch.
The production of the order for the eps project began gradually, with the air overhang project growing rapidly, laying the foundation for long-term corporate development. The company's deployment of the human robot driver contributed $18.5 million for the first time in 23 years and $6.27 million for 24h1. The driver's business will create a new growth pole for the company, a supportive company.
The dual-industry development model for smart cars and robotic components. • The strategy for internationalization has accelerated. In North America, the first plant in the Mexican industrial park has been put into production, and two other plants have been installed and deconstructed. The European market is well under way.
In the first half of the year, the company won a BMW global project order. The second phase of the Polish factory is under intensive preparation, laying the groundwork for taking on more European home-grown orders. In international markets, the company is an innovative company with the United States of America, a customer, rivian, and others, as well as Ford, gm, stellantis, bmw.
Traditional car companies, among others, have developed full cooperation in the area of new energy vehicles.
Tupou Group (601689): q2 high performance growth, Tupou Group (601689): platform car parts and components tap, horizontal expansion of outstanding enterprises (2024-06-28)
No compensation of any kind has been obtained either directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.