Tupou Group (601689): Growth at the end of revenue, sustained e-services of cars 46.29 million vehicles per quarter, compared with +6 per cent; sale of 53.4 million vehicles per quarter, compared with 19 per cent per month; sale of 1,1308,000 vehicles per vehicle, compared with 38 per cent per cent per year, by Biadi; sale of 11.4 million vehicles by Cyrus, compared with +654 per cent; delivery of 3.98 per cent by Mi
10,000 vehicles; ideal delivery of 15.28 million vehicles, +45 per cent of the year. Best-selling models, such as m9 for air suspension products and Misu7 for cars, and e-services. In operational terms, 2024q3 generated $1.174 billion, or +9 per cent, for seismic operations; and 21.16 per cent for interior features.
Billion dollars, year-on-year +29%; bottom-plate operations, $2.25 billion, year-on-year +36%; auto electronics, accompanied air suspension products such as Misu7 and downstream car-type best-selling to drive the company’s car electronics into the roll-out phase. The cost of this period has improved significantly over time and profitability has increased. 2024q3 Māori is 20.88%, year-on-year -1.79pt.
At the domestic level, the factories in Huanan, Huzhou, and Hangzhou Bay Industrial Park are now in the stage of commissioning equipment for the construction of the plants in Hangzhou Bay nine, Xianan, Jinan, Henan.
Topper Group (601689): Automotive and electronics Overseas, the first plant and second phase of the Mexico Industrial Park Project in North America have been put into production, and the products include the total heat pump, the dosage, the steady advance of the internationalization strategy.
Intradecrylic products, etc., another plant is being installed for commissioning; the Austen, Auckland and Austen plants in the United States are steadily moving forward, and are planning the Top Group (601689) for a stable year-round growth of Polish plants in Phase II, with production performance layouts in several regions in Europe, North America, South America and South-East Asia.
Ken, smart cars, robotics, two industries, a corporate summary report, The Top Group (601689): Growth is steady.
Ken, the layout implementer has developed a wide range of robotic raw material prices and the risk of exchange rate fluctuations, etc., using data information on legal compliance, careful presentation of research findings and independent and objective presentation of this report.
There is no direct or indirect relationship between the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. Reflecting the personal analysis and judgement of the researcher at the time of the presentation of this report, and not representing the position of East Sea Securities Co. Ltd. or any of its affiliates or affiliates, the company may issue other reports that are inconsistent with the information contained in this report and that have different conclusions.
Reports and review articles. Where permitted by law, the company’s associated institutions may hold and trade securities issued by the companies covered in the report and may be providing or seeking to raise them.