High dividend dividend shadow share, Wu Xinxi, research assistant, Lo Woo-Kang.
In the first three quarters of the year, the net return to the mother was estimated at 37 billion yuan to 39.4 billion yuan, an increase of about 60% over the same period, and the company’s declared interest market warming led to a significant increase in net profit. Performance was higher than expected.
The Division has announced that the company maintains a percentage of equity assets in its portfolio under the strategic asset allocation programme, which has been accompanied by a recent rise in capital markets, and that the company ' s 9m24 investment returns have increased significantly over the same period, leading to a significant improvement in net profits over the same year.
Robust style, taking full account of the impact of the new accounting standards in recent years, effective application of asset accounting classifications, flexible and proactive management of equity assets, enhancement of the core strategy of “value-sharing”, construction of a cluster of satellite strategies with growth potential, investment returns that go far beyond the market benchmark, end of 1h24
Ten years of strong dividends strategy, yielding results. 4.15 per cent, 94.5 per cent and 8.19 per cent of the value, net profit and net parent asset impact at the end of the equity listings, respectively, benefited from a more average share of traded stocks and
Fvoci has other equity instruments, performance elasticity is at the middle level of market risk, and solid balance sheet companies have a more robust basis for releasing investment performance. From this round of flexibility, we have calculated the equity balance/owner interest ratio of the 1h24 listed equity companies, of which Xinhua
(160%) >Kindial (88%) >Thai (75%) >Safety (26%) >Safety (13%) >Safety; We calculated the ratio of stock balances in equity shares on the 1h24 listings to China's life (92%) > Xinhua (88%) > Taipa (79%) > Peace (59%) >Safety (38%).
▪ The liabilities continue to be strong, with 9m24 cumulative nbv expected to grow by nearly 40% over the same period, far ahead of the same level of business. We expect 9m24 to achieve a 38% increase in nbv over the same period, with value rates continuing to improve by 1h24 over the reporting period, “Bank One” and the contribution structure to improve corporate silver insurance.
Channel nbv continues to be released; 2) at the end of the product, the company introduced a solid-win gold-earning insurance product scheme covering pension + multiple insurance packages for severe diseases; 3) at the end of the strategy, since April 2024, the insurance policy has been new.
A leadership team was restructured and led by Long Air II, the company upgraded its strategic code de-coding, and the organizational structure was further optimized and the transformation was sustainable.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: buys a robust high dividends shadow share. Over-predicted return on investment: negative resonance, overall improvement.
Figure 1: Analysis of the reasons for the increase in performance for the first three quarters of 2024
The expected growth in the company ' s performance in the first three quarters of 2024 was due mainly to the fact that the company maintained a proportionate share of equity assets in its portfolio under the strategic asset allocation programme, which increased significantly and achieved a significant increase in net profits in the first three quarters of 2024.
Figure 2: Eight consecutive quarters of the year-on-year improvement in Nbv ' s life insurance coverage: Figure 5: Tradeable shares at end-of-market risk of 1h24 as a proportion of stock allocation