Stone technology (688169) Household appliances q2 continue to grow and products and channels are improving at the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
30.9 per cent long; net return to the mother increased by 51.6 per cent over the same period; net profit to the mother after deduction increased by 860 million yuan over the same period increased by 30.4 per cent over the same quarter, q2 companies achieved revenues of 2.58 billion yuan over the same period increased by 16.3 per cent; net profit to the mother increased by 720 million yuan over the same period increased by 34.9 per cent; and net loss to the mother after the deduction was achieved by 34.9 per cent over the same period.
The innovation is determined by the state-encouraged priority software enterprises that q2 received a tax refund of $150 million from priority software firms, and the domestic share of q2 software firms has been increasing, widening the price range of the p series. In the domestic market, the share of companies in clearing robotics has continued to rise, with sales of cleaning appliances at the platform in 618 winning the number one: channel, public.
Through marketing, the Division has opened some 100 under-the-line shops in some of the core urban business circles, helping the industry to see the p10spure, continuously widening the price slots for the p series, and is expected to enhance the continuous improvement of overseas channels in the different price segments and the sku to further enrich. The company has entered the Target Gate under the United States line since 2023.
After the opening of the shop, the number of in-houses has continued to rise, the underline sku has become more abundant, with the North American region of 2024q2 remaining at a rate of more than 50 per cent, continuing with a high q1 increase; in Western Europe, companies have continued to promote the expansion of channels in France, Italy and other countries, with the product branding effect of years of deep cultivation.
• Increased investment in research and development and increased profitability. In terms of profitability, the company ' s Māori rate rose by 2.7 to 53.8 per cent from the same year, mainly as a result of good cost control and the optimization of product and channel structures. Costs and innovative inputs, with R&D increasing by 42.9 to 410 million yuan from the same year, have led to higher costs.
But with excellent cost-control capabilities and structural improvements, the net interest rate of 2024h1 provides strategic space to scale up market shares. Profit forecasting and investment advice.
Countries, Japan, the Netherlands, Poland, Germany, the Republic of Korea, Canada, etc. set up overseas companies. The continuous implementation of the strategy of “One Stone Science and Technology (688169): Performance continues to outpace expectations...” is expected to increase its share as channels are improved and sku is enriched.
q2 is expected to concentrate on the release of stone technology (688169).
(2024-04-01) No compensation of any kind has been, or will be, obtained directly or indirectly as a result of, or as a result of, the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.