In 2024, it was reported that the growth in external sales was sufficiently dynamic and the profits continued to rise The profits from revenue collection continued to grow faster and higher. The company received $4.42 billion / + 30.9 per cent of the total net profits from the parent, 1.120 billion + 51.6 per cent, excluding the net profits from the parent, and 860 million + 30.4 per cent.
The company’s performance has slowed, but it has continued to grow faster, with the land sweep industry growing more ambitiously. Sales in the machine have been warming up, and the company’s output has been growing more strongly.
Under the pull of new items, the land sweep industry has risen in volume and retail volume/volume by the same amount. The distribution of new items in the p10s series, the g20s series and the v10 series has resulted in a further expansion of the price belt, which has led to a sustained increase in the market share. The share of retail sales on the 2024q2 stone line has reached 27.0%, with the share being the highest.
Bits. For the second half of the year, the company introduced new items such as p20pro, p10pure and mini washing machine q1, with a 52-week maximum/lowest price sub-sifting machine z1, which is expected to grow faster with the help of an old new policy.
The company is continuing to expand its channels overseas, and is expected to grow faster. The company continues to open up global offline channels. After entering the U.S. offline super-channel for the first time in 2023, it is expected that there will be a significant increase in the number of kas and doors, leading to a rapid increase in revenue in the U.S. region.
The top-ends series of new products, with their leading share of product power, and the qrevos series of medium-end price segments, are also expected to grow faster with the gradual penetration of the offline channels. More investment in research and development has led to further increases in profitability.
q2 Māori + 0.2 pct to 51.9 per cent is expected to increase Māori rates as a result, on the one hand, of corporate technology and material drops and further increases in the Māori rate for new products, and, on the other hand, of higher Māori overseas channels. 51.9 per cent of Māori sales and 51.9 per cent of corporate cost inputs, q2 sales/R & D/management/financial cost ratios.
"Standard Science and Technology (688169.sh)-2023 Annual Report Review: The new product of excellence in the country" "Stony Technology (688169.sh)-2023 Annual Performance Advance Assessment: New Domestic and International Rock Technology (688169.sh)-2023 Mid-Year Review: The technological excellence is highlighted."
"Stocks Technology (688169.sh) 2022 & Quarterly Review 2023: Investment Recommendations: Upward Profit Forecasts, Maintenance of “Better than the City” Ratings - Quarterly Operating Pressure, New Products Routine to Warm Industry"
The company is the leader of the global land sweep industry, with domestic and foreign products and channels expanding. Given the q2 high-lying q2 Stone Technology (688169.sh) - Rock Molecular Sifter Potential Outlook - a number of strong overseas demand performances, upward profit forecasts, the company is expected to return a net profit from 2024-2026.
Figure 2: Single-season operating earnings and growth rates of companies Figure 3: Net profit and increase in corporate returns Figure 4: Single-season net profit and increase in corporate returns
Figure 5: Corporate Māori Rates and Net Interest Rates
Table 1: Comparable corporate valuation tables The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, through reasonable judgement and conclusion,
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author