P series of new products direct to consumer pain points, product power continues to lead, stone technology (688169.sh) price band value compared to new product p10spure, name extension of blast p series and direct user pain on function
In addition, the company, with its good products in place, is increasingly active at the marketing end, and it is expected to maintain its competitive lead and steadily increase its share during the 11th World Cup. Given the growing share of intra-company sales, and the fact that external sales are still growing in terms of nationalization operations, we maintain a profit margin.
*4000 at the end: new p20pro main entanglement & hair entanglement with no competition with price slots
Friends generally have only about 2 cm. (2) Certification of 0-twixt cleaning systems: the first sgs, Tuv double-certified hair twirling ratio certification 0%, including 1 spiral arc design [first zero twirling brush], 2 pairs of cones high speed currents, differential design, hair aggregating, peeling, sucking [0-twirling arm swirling master brush], and friendly businesses generally
It is a laboratory certification; (3) vacuuming capacity: up to 18,500 Pa, currently the highest comparable product in the industry. Apart from the above-mentioned bright spots, the original functionality has been supplemented by: (1) two mechanical arms: upgrade to to tow sheeting with a margin of < 1 mm; (2) base station self-cleaning: new sewage tank deodorization module, more fungus; (3) 75°C heat
Water moping (4) rrmindgpt large model: Support for vague/natural command input, further intellectual enhancement. 2000-3000-bit end: new p10bure main hand-to-arm introduction, higher value than price range. This release of entry order mechanical arm product p10bure, price 2499/3099, expected to be replenished.
Incentives and Stockholdings, launched to the benefit of talent-tied product lines with a lower share of 2,000 to 3,000 bits, have continued to boost the company’s full-price share.
The rest of the parameters are 2024q1 revenue, profits are over-expected, and the overseas values are almost identical. As a p10s cut-off value-for-money product, p10pur is reduced only by hot water scrubbing, and dirty.
The market continues to grow at a high rate — company updates Pollution detection and reshuffling drag functions, but prices are reduced by $600, with a higher neutral value for the same priced segment of the product.
Release of Land Sweep News v20 and g20s, Product Maintenance Lead - Corporate Information Update Report 1, p series of new products direct to consumer pain spots, and product power continues to lead.
On 6 August 2024, the stone released a new p20pro& single mechanical arm for a price compared to a new p10s pure, the name of which was a continuation of the appliance p series. The new product function provides a full insight into the user pain points (decoration, hair entanglement, stenching of sewage containers, browsing of edges, etc.) and is consistent with the ability of the company to continue to replace high value for value for products.
The company has maintained its competitive lead and its share has risen steadily over the 11-year period. The barrier is priced at $3999/4599 (up and down), and the new product p20pro is a major overlap over the same period in the history p series of products/friendships:
(1) Industry’s first bottom plate rises and drops: the wheels and the 10,000 wheels combine to achieve multiple lifts and drops, and the complex environment can easily escape from the barrier of up to 4 cm. Only stone products currently have the technology. (2) 0 entangled cleaning systems: the first sgs, the tuv double-certified 0-twig system (false twig rate certification)
0 per cent) The system consists of 1 spiral arc design [first twirl brush], 2 two cones high-speed currents, differential design, hair gathering, peeling, sucking [(swirling) arms screws]: (3) base station altitude: 321mm super-flexible station, embedded in various residential space round arch designs, built up
Embedded American New Options: (4) Dust Capability Upgrade: Up to 18500 Pa, currently the highest, with 100% hair inhalation rate. In addition to the above-mentioned differences, the company has also expanded and complemented its original functionality:
(1) Two mechanical arms: upgrade to reach 100 per cent coverage of the dead edge of the towed cloth: (2) Mother and child level certification: complete chain debacterialization, all-round noise reduction design, safe, clean and efficient; (3) base station self-cleaning: flush/paint/cleaning one step in place, clean plate can be completely removed: new sewage container deodorant
Blocks, with more fungic taste; (4) 75°C hot water-washed mops: triple temperature control protection to easily break the stains; (5) rrmindgpt large model: support vague and natural instructions, which are easier for older children.
In addition, we have also observed that corporate overall marketing activity has increased considerably after management changes, and is expected to grow faster with better product strength. In terms of incentives, the Rocks and Rolle's City live room is scheduled to be delivered.
The company, after changing its management, has significantly increased its marketing efforts and is expected to bring a stronger share, compared to the new products released by its friends in August, we believe that rock p20pro is currently uniquely handicapped, hairproof and, in other dimensions, in the range of about 4,000, cloud whales j5,
Kovost50pro, U.S. v15pro and s30proultra booster products with a stronger pull and better functionality (dynamic arms, smaller base stations and mop-side brushing double lifts and drops, etc.); comparison of Kovosx5proultra, search for flag ship types above $5,000, x40pro booster, moping in hot water,
Large models, etc., have been continuously equipped, and have really done low-priced, high-priced and well-valued. The value of the new item p10spure, with a price of $2499/3099 (up and down), continues to widen the price belt, and this entry new item p10pure has a price of $2499, which fully validates our previous judgment.
The main highlights of this new product are: (1) Dynamic Mechanical arm-to-arm drag: Thrust-extension limit edge, more comprehensive edge coverage;
(ii) The heart-save model: autonomous matching of cleaning strategies, one key opening, cleaner and more careful; (iii) hair-cleaning specialists: 7,500 pa snorting plus swipes, necessary for the pet family; (iv) intelligence-controlled lift module group: drag-up tactically and carpets are not easy to wet;
(5) Full-power base stations: washing, dust collection, drying, water filling, etc., is complete and hands are completely liberated; (6) stone lead algorithms: integration shelter, carpet individualization strategy, smart tow; (7) base station height: 405 mm super thin base station, embedded in various types of home space.
Prices are stronger than the new product p10spure, which is expected to be best sold in 2000-3000 bits. For p10s, p10s are only less hot water scrubbing, dirty pollution detection and recovery, but the price is 600 dollars less and the value is more than enough.
Mim30s (single version, May-June, broadly representing 618 promotional sales), stone p10pur at lower prices (300-dollar spread), base station at lower heights (m30s up to 590 mm), greater area of cleaning, improved software output, higher arithmetic leading, remaining parameters broadly consistent and expected to be smooth at 2000-3000-bits
With this new quality and value for money going on and on, we see that the company’s share continues to rise. On the outside, the company’s downline is expanding well, black five is doing well, and the current offline channels + Eurasia + in the United States/South Europe are all incremental, tariff increases and litigation are having limited or limited impact, and it is expected that the company will be nationalized and fine-tuned.
Given the continuing share of intra-company sales and the still more room for growth under the nationalization of external sales, our sales of new products have fallen short of expectations, geopolitical fluctuations, downside risks in the macroeconomic landscape overseas, etc.