The pig price is back to the yellow chicken scene, the profit ring is much better than it is.
In the third quarter, the prices of pigs returned to more than the balance point, especially in August, when the flow of pigs was blocked after the outbreak of the plague in Africa, where the company's main breeding areas were in non-infective areas and where the net flow of pigs to the provinces was significant and the prices of pigs increased significantly regionally, with the company selling pigs in the third quarter on average.
In the third quarter, 5,82.6 million meat pigs were sold, 25.16 per cent more than in the previous quarter. On the basis of farming costs of $12 per kilogram, all three quarters of the company ' s raw pig sales were profitable at around $180, and the entire pig-breeding plate was profitable at about $1.05 billion.
In the context of the African pigpest epidemic or the accelerated cycle, the situation of regional diversion cannot be changed in the short term, and regional price differentiation will continue.
Without impact on the overall supply of the industry, but with the continued low prices of the stagnating net outflow of live pigs out of the provinces, the policy orientation of “suppliers” to “meat-fixing” has increased the premium capacity of the slaughtering industry, and the semi-annual assessment of “Win” shares (300498): yellow chickens.
It is expected that the deficit in production in areas that do not have the financial means to support the slaughter will accelerate the clean-up, the cycle of pigs will continue, and the price of pigs will slow down.
The “light assets” model will help companies to move through the cycle, and the strong will continue to do so.
3. The yellow chicken plate continues to be a constant source of steady returns3 and the Wenstock (300498) event was evaluated: the yellow chicken industry continued to have a constant view of the yellow chicken plate during the third quarter, and the average sale price of the yellow feather chicken continued to rise to $8.00/m3
Over 900 million dollars is expected in three quarters. Consumption is expected to continue at a high price of chicken, and the landscape is expected to continue.
4- "The Winch's 3-quarter review: Yellow chickens, East's financial and intellectual sources, Wen's share (300498): the pig price is back to the yellow chicken scene, and the profit ring has improved considerably.
We keep looking at the performance contribution of four quarters of the pig chicken price boom, while looking at the company as a source of sound production capacity expansion and cost, the source of financial prosperity in the East, the source of financial prosperity in the East.
Winch shares (300498): Pig prices are back warm, and the profit ring is much better than the best combination prize (seventh place) of the Jung-seong Steel Bur-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Li-Yo-Ying's top 10 prize (eighth place) for research in the Chinese securities industry in 2012.
Research Assistant Introduction Qing Poetry Month Master of Finance, University of Maryland, United States, joined East Hing Securities in 2017 for research in the agro-forestry and fisheries industry.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
My company makes no guarantee of the accuracy and completeness of this information, nor of the absence of any change in the information and recommendations contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes, and the information or opinion in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question.
Any investment decisions made on the basis of these investments are not related to the company and the author. My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may provide or seek to provide investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.