On the afternoon of 9 October, Wen's shares issued a performance forecast for the first three quarters of 2018: $2.85 to $3.0 billion in net profit areas attributed to shareholders in listed companies in the first three quarters, compared to the previous three quarters.
The company q3 quarter performance ratio has improved significantly, and single season profits have been lost. Three quarters are expected to warm up in the q3 quarter, one season profits have been lost after a q2 quarter loss, and year-round performance is expected to outpace the growth of seasonal pig prices and the spread of African pigpest.
Markets agree on expectations, but they are consistent with our earlier profit judgements. On the price side, the prices of pork in the South have rebounded, chicken prices have rebounded, and good companies have experienced marginal improvements in their performance.
Reaction postures, build-up of the spread of the African pigpest in August, multi-provincial embargos that have sustained strong upwards in major distribution areas such as Sichuan, Hunan and Guangdong, company production profile dominated in the South, and the performance of q3 and q4 seasons is expected to be slightly higher than expected; 2) chicken prices, followed by Guangdong after April
The wholesale price of live chickens is lower than it was at the beginning of the year, but the overall rate is still strong, with the latest price on October 9 being $10050 per ton, close to the high price of chickens at the beginning of the year, which ensures the steady performance of the chicken plate.
On a monthly basis, the number of live pigs has increased by approximately 18.76% compared to the year in January-September, in line with the annual production growth plan of 15-20% of the company ' s pig-breeding business. On the yellow chicken side, the company states that the production of yellow chicken in 2018 will be the same as in 2017, in conjunction with 18H1
Africa’s swine plague spreads, benefiting companies. Since August 3, when Liao Ning Shenyang’s first case, more than 18 provinces have been unable to move out to produce pigs, reaching about 70%.
"Win's share: the price of a pig bounces down, the head shares are directly responsible for the production of a pig. With the limited movement of provinces across provinces, the price of a pig is divided between regions" - 2018-06-01.
(i) Main production area: the spread of the epidemic has led to the spread of the disease among farmers.
Fearing the risk of being infected by the epidemic, which has led to high motivation and a lack of willingness to supplement the disease, the increase in the extravagance of the main production areas has led to a further downward pressure on the price of the pig; 2) Main distribution area: the demand in the region is greater than the supply in the region, the volume of imported pigs is reduced, and the price of pigs is rising steadily.
The share of the company ' s pork fields is about 50 per cent, with China, China, China, and South West together accounting for about 40 per cent, with the production and distribution of capacity mainly located in the main distribution area, benefiting from an increase in the prices of pigs in the main distribution area and performing slightly better than expected in the third quarter.