The prices of pigs are high, the pigs' co-dances raise the company’s performance, and the prices of pigs are high, or there are opportunities for them to rise. There is one recent case of an African swine plague in Joohai, Guangdong Province, and in Guangzhou.
There are 95 cases of Wei Hongmei.
In the short term, since Guangdong is the province of pork consumption, the southern region is at a peak in the production of pork, demand for pork has increased, and the pre-spring season of pork consumption is expected to lead to seasonal returns in pork prices.
Warm. In the long term, African pigpest causes disruptions in the movement of raw pigs, a decline in the willingness to feed families, a decline in the supply of pork in the second half of the year, a reversal or reversal of the pig cycle, and a rise in the price of pigs.
More advanced pig-planting and pig-breeding techniques, the company currently has an average of 24 pig-breeding psy, and some mature farms have reached 26. Currently, the company has about 1.4 million pig-plants. Higher psy values and pig-breeds are essential for the company to expand its capacity.
In the first half of the year, the company owned 20.7 million farms (or family farms). The number of new farmers in the company was 1,000, and some of the family farms were more than 2,000. The company’s future upwards consisted of the addition of new family farms and the upgrading of old family farms.
As the company develops, the company's future goal is to get rid of roe (ttm) pheasant chickens into the season of consumption.
In December, the lowest price (in dollars) went to the end of the year, and the demand for market supplies increased. Meanwhile, the price of chicken feed rose.
After more than 30 years of development, the company now accounts for about 20% of the market. The company’s future sales of yellow pheasant chicken will remain at 780 million, but it will focus more on marketing and downstream slaughter processing, with future increases driven mainly by downstream slaughter processing.
Investment advice: up to recommended rating. In the short term, the prices of pigs and chickens go into seasonal rebound periods.
In addition, the company’s product listing plan has not been adjusted, and the company farms are deployed in various parts of the country and are actively linked to the slaughterhouse point sales to ensure smooth sales. There is an increase in the number of product price increases, and the company’s performance is expected to improve.
This rating system's “market index” refers to 300 indexes of depth. I have the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant, granted by the Chinese Securities Association, to produce this report with diligence and professionalism, independently and objectively and within the limits of my knowledge.
I assure you that I have no interest in the securities or investment targets referred to in this report and have no use for them.