It's a local etching plant, a multi-line layout aiding national production, replacing Shinko semiconductor, a national production etching equipment pipeline, with products covering large offshore factories and domestic head manufacturers.
In 2004, most of the company’s core executives and technicians had international semiconductor plants tested, and Dr. ceo Yoon was the main inventor of nearly 300 domestic and foreign patents.
Ion etching equipment, membrane deposition equipment and air purification equipment, with products covering semiconductor s098052108001 integrated circuit manufacturing, advanced encapsulation, led production, mems manufacturing, etc.
During the year, revenues of $4.74 billion are projected, an increase of 52.5 per cent over the same year, a high rate of growth of the carpentry business between the mother and the net profit zone, an increase in the share of the city of ccp, and a rapid release of the icp equipment.
With advanced equipment performance, an absolute lead in domestic equipment, an entry into the 5nm line of internationally recognized manufacturers, a steady increase in the share of the domestic market, and a cumulative total of 2,320 response stations produced by the company in 2022, the icpnanova equipment was successfully delivered to more than 220 response cavities at the client level at the end of June 2022.
The number of applications for end-of-end certification has also been increasing. By mid-2022, the 52-week maximum/minimum price rate for home-grown corrosion equipment was about 20%, and the friction between Chinese and United States trade continued to stimulate the demand for domestically produced equipment, with companies carving it as a national product.
Mocvd equipment remains in the lead, and lpcvd, epi, ald is expected to be a new growth point in performance. The company Mocvd has achieved absolute leadership in the blue green light production line in the mini-led, and new micro-led equipment is also being actively developed, which is configured for metal tungsten-filled lpcvd equipment, silicon-extension growth.
Epi equipment and ald equipment for Atomic Sediment have been well developed, and some of it is now in the stages of prototype construction and calibration, and are expected to be rolled out over 23 years, with the prospect of a new business growth point for the company. Investment layout measuring equipment is expected to be a national alternative to the Forces nouvelles.
The value of the equipment, which is about 13% of the value of the production line, is also one of the lowest in the front road, with a national production rate of only about 1% as of 2022. The withdrawal of kla has increased the importance of the national production measurement equipment chain, which is expected to enter the national production replacement acceleration period, with an addition of 1.08 in mid-22.
In the area of preparedness, it is expected that it will become the backbone of national production measuring equipment, with a positive synergy with manufacturing equipment: China Micro Corporation (688012.sh) - rapid growth in revenue from corrosion equipment, and enhancement of research and development.
Medium and Medium Micro Corporation: Nationally manufactured integrated circuits leading high-end equipment, focused on integrated circuits and general semiconductor microprocessing, with customers covering globally recognized enterprises.
Micro-processing high-end equipment. Research, production and marketing of the company’s main plasma etching equipment, thin film deposition equipment, and air netting equipment, the products of which cover such areas as semiconductor integrated circuit manufacturing, advanced encapsulation, led production, mems manufacturing.
Advanced production lines, providing strong support for the development of domestic etching equipment. First VHF plasma etching machines were launched in June 2007; company developed the first ccp etching equipment successfully in June 2007; ccp equipment entered 45nm production line in September 2011; company first mocvd in November 2012
In November of that year, the company ' s first icp equipment was successfully developed; in July 2017, the ccp equipment entered the international advanced 7nm production line; and in July 2019, the Chinese micro-landing unit was listed.
Of the other major shareholders, Hong Kong Central Clearinghouse Limited, China, holds 5.52% of the shares, the Chiming Micro Enterprise Management Partnership, the advancedmicroformaciónquipmentinc.asia, and the National IEC.
Road Industry Investment Fund II, Noan Development Mixed Portfolio Fund, 4.97 per cent, 4.03 per cent .97 per cent \2.9 per cent, respectively, provides corrosion equipment, mocvd equipment, and other manufacturing facilities, mainly integrated circuits, led chips, etc.
His equipment. The main products include ccp capacitors, icp sensors, mocvd devices, and volc devices. The ccp capacitors are used mainly for the etching of media materials such as silicon oxide, nitrogenated silicon and low-media coefficients, membrane layers, and the icp sensors are used mainly for the etching of silicon materials in integrated circuits.
And metal etching, the mocvd equipment is mainly used in the production of led extremities and power devices, while the voc equipment is primarily used for air purification in industries such as flat panels displaying production lines.
It's a 12-inch double-reaction counter 1. Production efficiency, low-yielding mainframe system, flexible as much as possible.
Ben (coo) Three dual-reaction counter response cavities (six reactions 2. Equipment is small in size)
. Each reaction cavity can be added at the same time with a 3.0 integrated decomposition capability and two working crystal roundes, prmodrie etching.
Surface charge abatement capability (primo ready for processing including silicon oxide, nitrous nitrous nitride)
All 1.0-low frequency partitioning systems, such as silicon and low-media coefficient membrane, to apply to a wider process
Scope (in particular, trench/via primoad-rie is a secondary generation of all-in-one electricity)
Medium etching products. Based on the recognized 2.Utility of processes and steady pherod-rie etching equipment, prmo
Qualitative to meet advanced process markers with advanced performance to meet the new generation of chip manufacturing needs.
3. Efficient, low-yielding production has been widely applied to 40 to 14 nanoben (coo)
The advanced sub-products are already wide, and the extended version of Plumo is widely used to cover the front and centre sections of 5 nanometers.
Development and mass production of ad-rie-e, primo membrane etching. ad-rie-e and primo
Idea, which can be applied to different special ranges 1. High medium materials etching speed
The new generation of medium etching rates, multiple means of etching homogeneity, was launched in Primoscad-rietm.
It's designed to have six single, high-particle blast energy to expand the system of the reaction chamber and position it in the middle.
Primo Large-Deep-Wed-Wed-Wed-Wed-Wed-Wed-Wed-Wed-Wed-Back-Eng-Enging Windowhd-rie
The depth is greater than the etching to provide an integrated solution 3. Gas pulse system.
Flexible process control options and high depth-wide troughs and deep holes in dram 4. Respond to the high temperature of special processes
The corrosion was excellent, with a number of key processes leading to the production of quantities.
Primonanova is a 12-inch-two-high-emission-and-wide carving device that can be configured for up to six units.
An art window with an etching reaction cavity and two optional decouples. 3. Excellent etching homogeneity.
Responsive cavity. This applies to the etching of a logical and storage device with an excellent hyperbolic width compared to etching performance up to 1 x nanometer.
4. Production efficiency, low production output (coo) icp electron
Plumotwin-starter is a memino-based concentration of 1. ion and ion energy.
An inch etching device. It can be equipped with as much as 2. High exhaust and a wider workforce. Three have a double-reaction platform etching response.
Art window cavity and two optional deglution cavity.
3. Excellent etching homogeneity Silicon structures of various sizes and depths 4.
In addition, 5. Production efficiency and low productivity.
This product has a distinct low-cost advantage compared to a single-reaction table cavity.
Optimal process duplication, simple mocvd process adjustment requirements with autonomous intellectual property rights to increase production Equipment can be equipped with up to four reaction cavities with a high taste rate
With the simultaneous processing of 232 2 inches or 2.19 inches of large trays, 56 inches of 4 inches of crystal, the power of the process also increases the unit output of the equipment, extending to 6 inches and 8 inches of extragenerative energy, reducing the cost of production.
Chips. Prismod-blue, the first unit to be built up with an integrated top-up of 3.
Nationally produced mocvd equipment 4. Compliance with the Semis 2 safety standard to enhance the security performance of the equipment
Multiple patented voc concentration on-line monitoring system 2. Multiple voc rings for different voc rings.
Economic mode of operation, actual chemical reactor, in the interior of the country, using the sorption principle of molecular sifting.
Volc Depuration Installation Industrial large-scale voc purification equipment, 3. Efficient handling capacity and low capacity
Medium-sized voc purification equipment has been widely used to display industry lines of production on the domestic tablet, which can be made available according to customer demand.
To improve the working environment in the cleaner rooms.
The high-end equipment should be used for global mainstream crystal-crystal manufacturers.
Intel, U.S. Electronics, Grovender, Hercules, I.A. Semiconductor, Wally, Wagon, Nakaroo International, Bo Shi, Yangjiang Storage, Changgui Storage, etc., the company ' s ccp carving machine entered the 5nm production line in 2019, and it opened up deep collaboration with Yangtze Storage from 2020 to 2022.
Figure 3: Medium and Micro-Erosion Machines covering both domestic and foreign known manufacturers for nearly 20 years at internationally recognized large plants such as Applied Materials, Pan Forest and others, giving a powerful boost to plasma etching.
Dr. Du Chi-ho, Vice-President of the Department, was the Managing Director of Praxairinc, the Managing Director of Metler-Tolido Shanghai Corporation, with extensive industry and corporate management experience. Dr. Nie Tu, Vice-President of the company, was the technical director of the Pan Forest Semiconductor, one of the inventors of the Lam2300 series of etching products.
The remaining directors of the company also have semiconductor-related academic background and work history, have a rich industry, and the recruitment of global talent is increasing rapidly, with a higher share of professional talent. MSMEs follow a global strategy for the development of talent recruitment, and are currently managed in six different countries and regions, with foreign workers accounting for 9 per cent.
By 2021, the company had 1,048 employees, and as the size of the collection increased, the recruitment of company talent tended to be highly sophisticated and professional. The company had 415 research and development personnel, or 39.6 per cent of the company’s workforce, of whom 77 were Boss, 127 were Masters, or 18 per cent and 31 per cent, respectively, and 92 per cent were undergraduates and above.
The corrosion equipment is parallel to the mocvd, the profitability of the big international plant is parallel to the mocvd, and the company’s profitability continues to rise. As the company’s corrosion equipment and mocvd equipment technology matures, the market recognition of its products rises.
In terms of the Māori rate of corrosion equipment in the main business, the rate of Māori in the mocvd equipment has remained almost equal at 45 per cent; the Māori rate of mocvd equipment has been reduced first and has been on a downward trend from 2017 to 2020, owing to the company's efforts to promote new mocvd in 2017.
Equipment presmoa7, which opens the market at more favourable prices, has lowered the Māori rate. The unimax mocvd device, which was launched in 21 years, has achieved excellent bargaining power in the market and has led to a rapid recovery in the Māori rate.
A 39 per cent increase in the same year, a 25 per cent increase in the sales of spare parts of $556 million, and a high performance of major business revenues, with higher profitability than international corrosion, higher than industry averages. In 2019-2021, net corporate gains and Māori rose rapidly: Māori at 43.36 per cent in mid-2021 and net interest at 32.54 per cent.
Approaching the international front line of malam (Māori rate 46.53 per cent and net interest rate 26.72 per cent) and tel (Māori rate) due mainly to the growing maturity of corporate products, increasing market recognition, continued use of orders, profitability, national production of etching equipment, leading national innovation of equipment
ccp equipment supplies international first-line manufacturer, icp equipment rapid release. Erosion is a key component of integrated circuit manufacturing, with corrosion equipment representing about 20% of the value of the entire line of production.
, based on semi data, the value of film deposition, light etching equipment over 60% of the entire production line, with etching equipment about 20% of the value. In advanced integrated circuit manufacturing, the three processes of film deposition, light etching, etching are repeated hundreds of times, and the film deposition achieves material deposition.
Lightly transfer the pattern to the mask, and the corrosion completes the material in accordance with the mask before it can be transferred to the crystal circle, so etching is one of the most critical devices in the production line. Erosion is the process of material removal by chemical or physical means, divided into dry etching and wet etching.
. Dry etching is the physical and chemical reaction of plasma with silicone to achieve material removal. Dry etching is characterized by process controlability in different directions (at different velocitys in each direction) and heights. Wet etching is the material removal by reacting with chemical reagents and silicon surface material, and is characterized by the same direction.
Sex (at the same rate of etching in all directions) is not easy to control. As integrated circuits are shrinking in width, the corrosion chain demands more precision for etching, and wet etching is not able to meet the etching process’s requirements.
Dry etching machines are divided mainly into ccp etching machines and icp etching machines. The ccp etching machine is a capacitation coupling plasma etching machine, the icp etching machine is an electrosensive coupling plasma etching machine, dry etching is classified according to the etching material, which can normally be divided into medium etching, metal etching and silicon etching, and the ccp etching machine is used to finish.
A medium etching, which is characterized by a plasma being produced by two parallel panel capacitors, usually with a higher fratricidal power; and an icp corrosion machine, which is mainly used to complete metal etching and silicon etching, is characterized by a plasma being produced by the electrosensive ray circle with a higher plasma concentration.
The company's ccp carving machine has entered the world's first-line company, and the process of more than 28 nm in the country has been largely covered and the icp order has been growing rapidly. Since 2004, ccp carving machines have been developed and have accumulated for nearly 20 years now.
After the launch of the first stage in the year, market recognition has increased steadily, and by the end of 2021 more than 15 clients had completed more than 100 cp process certifications. In 2021, a two-stage icp etching machine twin-star was launched, with a greater advantage in terms of production speed and cost, and has been certified by domestic manufacturers. By the end of June 2022, ipnanova had been installed.
The number of applications that have been successfully delivered to more than 220 response cavities and have been certified on the client has increased steadily, entering a rapid release period. Advanced process drivers, rapid growth of Nand, and accelerated national production have stimulated demand for corrosion equipment
The reduction in the width of the advanced path line has led to an increase in the number of etching process steps and the demand for equipment. As the global high end yield chip has evolved from 14 nm to 7 nm, 5 nm and 3 nm, the light wavelength has limited the accuracy of the scales that light can pass, while the short wavelength euv is currently at high cost, leading to the use of multiple templates by mainstream manufacturers.
Multiple template processes achieve smaller dimensions through repeated depositions, light etchings, etching processes, and the three main processes will increase significantly. For example, 28 nm etching steps are about 40 steps and 5 nm etching steps are raised to 160 steps.
As an excellent supplier of domestic equipment, MSMEs will take the lead in the development of advanced processes. Figure 18: Multiple model processes will significantly increase the number of etching steps. 3dnand storage chips will increase significantly, stimulating demand for etching equipment.
After that, it is very difficult and costly to continue to develop small-wire widths, and small-wire-wide adjacent storage units are prone to collusive problems, and the memory begins to shift from “mindification” to “multi-layerization”, increasing the concentration of the capacitor by increasing the number of layers of the media layer stacking, of which 3dnand flash is a typical product. 3dnand is Intel and magnesium light.
An emerging flash type developed by a joint venture to address the limitations of 2d or flatnance flashes by stacking memory particles together. Since the 3dnand invention, internationally known manufacturers such as magnesium, intel, three stars and Hercules have been increasing their stacks, and in 2022, a well-known national nand manufacturer, the Yangtze, was stored.
Now 232 layers of stacks, entering the international line, use the Xtacking technology to further reduce the size of the field. Nand uses a large amount of media layers to use more membrane sedimentation equipment and etching equipment. According to Tokyo Electronics, the capital cost of 3dnand etching equipment is 15% from 2dnand.
With the rapid growth of nand storage chips, demand for corrosion equipment will add to the fact that companies have a strong capacity for corrosion equipment, working with North China to break international monopolies. The global market niche for corrosion equipment is a highly concentrated, pan forest, Tokyo electronics, applications, etc., with more than 90% of corrosion markets.
In 2015, the Department of Industrial Security of the United States Department of Commerce assessed Chinese manufacturers as capable of supplying high-quality ion etching machines and eliminated the related export controls. The current policy calls for a nationalization of the equipment, with China and the North creating it.
Figure 21: Disaggregation of Chinese plasma etchings by the United States Department of Commerce in 2015
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
[docketno.150127079-5079-01] Plasmaryetchingequipment (79fr 53166), whichformalallyinitiatedda
Foreignavailabilitydetermination: foreignavailabilityassessment.tocarry antitropicalplatatryting
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
We're not going to be able to do this, but we're not going to be able to do it.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm trying to get you out of here, and I'm trying to get you out of here, and I'm trying to get you out of here, and I'm trying to get you out of here, and I'm trying to get you out of here, and I'm trying to get you out of here, and I'm trying to get you out of here, and I'm trying to get you out of here, and I'm trying to get you out of here, and I'm trying to get you out of here, and I'm trying to get you out of here, and I'm trying to get you out of here.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
The global market for corrosion equipment will exceed $18 billion in 2025, of which the icp is larger and the domestic ccp market is larger.
The global market for corrosion equipment was estimated at $17.5 billion in 2021, with icp corrosion equipment used for silicon etching and metal etching accounting for 62% of the total market share of corrosion equipment. The share of ccp corrosion equipment used for media etching was 38%.
The main reason for this is that, in the advanced process, the width of the line and the accuracy of the etching require upgrading, the thinning of the sedimentary membrane, and the icp, as a low-energy ion etching, which causes less damage to the surface of the corrosion structure and therefore a greater share of the market than it does. Gartner predicts that the market size of the global integrated circuit manufacturing etching equipment is expected to increase to $18,185 million in 2025, a year.
The combined growth rate is about 5.84%. The domestic integrated circuit manufacturing market, which is now dominated by a mature process due to its late start, is relatively larger than the ccp etching market in foreign markets.
Japan, the United States, Europe have been striving to achieve a high degree of national production, as corrosion equipment is a high-precision processing equipment, requiring high processing accuracy and material capability for parts and components of equipment, some of which have not yet been nationalized due to equipment technology. According to corporate announcements, as of 2021, the value of components and components from ccp, icp, icp, was not yet nationalized.
The new U.S. sanctions regulations will further stimulate alternative demand for domestic production. Integrated circuit manufacturing, due to its high sophistication, requires a high degree of size and homogeneity control of equipment.
The U.S. bis introduced a new regulation on 7 October 2022 to regulate the export of U.S. equipment or parts to China for specific advanced logic or storage chip crystals, which are mainly logical integrated circuits at nodes below 16/14nm, and the integration of 128-stores or more.
Circuits, 18nm, and below. Further restrictions on the development of China’s integrated circuit industry, which in the short term will have a significant impact on the entire chain, but in the long run, China’s integrated circuit industry will be on its own path of innovation. The new regulations will further catalyze the trend in the national production of semiconductor equipment as a semiconductor.
The cutting edge of the equipment will continue to benefit from the replacement demand for national production as a medium-flow pillar of the replacement of national production of the equipment.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
It's not like I'm the only one who's been in the middle of it, but I'm the one who's in the middle of it, and I'm the one who's in the middle of it, and I'm the one who's in the middle of it, and I'm the one who's in the middle of it, and I'm the one who's in the middle of it, and I'm the one who's in the middle of it, and I'm the one who's in the middle of it, and I'm the one who's in the middle of it, and I'm the one who's in the middle of it, and I'm the one who's in the middle of it, and I'm the one who's in the middle of it, and I'm the one who's in the middle of it.
I don't know what you're talking about.
The company’s equipment capacity is a national alternative to national production. The company’s ccp equipment is an absolute leader in the country, and its equipment is aligned with large offshore plants, and it has been cut into an internationally recognized manufacturer’s 5nm production line, which is part of the domestic market.
As a result of the pressure of United States sanctions, research and development pressures on some advanced processes have to be passed through national producers, as well as by the end of June of that year.
The 3dnand layer has been increased to 128 layers and more, with a depth ratio of 60 to more than 1 in the tunnel, and during the etching process, as depth increases, the particle energy will diminish, the control will decline, the particle energy will be increased, and the etching shape will be maintained, requiring higher performance requirements for the corrosion device, and the advanced process will also be developed in terms of linear width and homogeneity.
More demanding is the need for precision control, and the degree of surface damage, and the excellent power of the intermediate corrosion link is expected to be a powerful support for the national production of integrated circuits. The world’s famous mocvd equipment supplier, with wide space for application.
Mocvd is the core device for the led extension, with a value of more than 50%. The extension is the process of growing a new single crystal liner on the sole crystal liner. It is divided into homogenous and heterogeneous extensions depending on whether the growth material is identical to that of the liner.
Exterior equipment can be divided into liquid-phase extension equipment (lpe), gas-phase extension equipment (vpe) depending on the state of the extenuating material.
& Molecular beam extension equipment (bee). The liquid phase extension is faster, but it is less controlled than the air phase, is better controlled than the liquid phase extension, is gradually becoming the dominant equipment for the outer extension when the extenuation requirement is higher, and the molecular beam extension is better controlled, capable of producing monocrystal membranes that are thinning up to dozens of atom layers, but
Vacuums and costs are higher, and the current market is dominated by gas-phase excursions. Figure 32: Exploiting processes are divided into liquid, gas-phase extension equipment and molecular beam extension mocvd is a new gas-phase expansive growth technology from vpe. Growth occurs by mixing ii, ii, within the reaction cavity.
iii compounds and iv, v hydrogen compounds react by thermal decomposition when mixed gases flow over the top of the liner that heats up. Mocvd is made up of four main components: gas operating systems, counter-reaction chambers, heating systems, monitoring and tailings processing systems, gas operating systems primarily controlling the supply of gas.
Response rooms provide response space, heating systems provide response conditions, monitoring and tailing processing systems provide management and reprocessing functions.
Mocvd is a core piece of equipment prepared for the led extension, mainly for the gaas, gan, inp extension process. The led extension line is divided mainly into liner processing, led extension manufacturing, chip manufacturing and device encapsulation in four parts. The liner processing equipment consists of single crystal furnaces and multiline cutters, and the extension equipment is mainly mocvd, chip manufacturing equipment.
Including light etching machines and carving machines, equipment for the packaging of instruments, including stickers, crystals, welding tables, glues, etc. The led extension is an important link in the led manufacture, mainly through mocvd. According to gartner, the market value of mocvd in 2020 was 61%. Furthermore, htcvd is silicon.
The main extension technology for base and carbonated silicon devices is about 33%, and the bee technology is mainly applied to the outer extension of gaas, inp radio frequency components, which can replace parts of mocvd, or about 7%. The mocvd equipment represents more than 50% of the value of the led chain.
The bulk of the led chip consists of more than 100 layers of sediment, crystal circle, and the quality of the extended chip will have a direct impact on the color and efficiency of the led, which is the most important link in the led industrial chain.
In the case of exterior equipment, 68.5 per cent and 46.4 per cent, respectively, and mocvd, which accounts for about 90 per cent of the cost of the exterior equipment. The production of the expensive film is mainly done by mocvd equipment, so that the capacity of the led manufacturer is determined mainly by the mocvd ' s equipment volume and productivity, and the number of mocvd equipment is one of the visual indicators of the led ' s production status.
In 2009, the global light penetration rate was 1.5%, and in 2021 it had reached 66%. Led was stable, continuous, efficient and even.
The country’s led market started a little late, but it grew rapidly, reaching 3% of light penetration in 2012 and 78% in 2020. The rapid development of miniled was a powerful driving force for the development of mocvd.
The wide range of led and microlled applications has contributed significantly to the development of display technology. The small spacing led screen has the advantage of seamless integration, wide colour domains, low power consumption and long life, while the miniled has further improved its energy consumption, reaction time, and perspective on the basis of the merit of the small distance led.
Designed, using an established lcd technology base, combined with the same mature rgbled technology, makes the picture of Miniled more sophisticated and has a lot of applications in the design of a new generation of backlights.
Growth in demand for mobile extension equipment, especially mocvd, which is the core of the extended device. Power devices are in rapid development, driving the increase in demand for mocvd equipment. Because of the higher power density and efficiency of gan, sic than traditional silicon devices, gan, sic devices are rapidly released over the years.
Rates ranged from 80-650v for consumer products, servers, industrial power sources, etc., sic for 650-3300v, car reverses, solar power plants and large three-phase grid converters, and according to yole projections, sic and gan reached market size of $1.11 billion and $3.39 billion, respectively, in 2026.
The extension of the device is also the use of mocvd equipment, so the rapid development of the power device will drive the mocvd-medium mocvd to the top of the world, with a rising market share.
Veeco and Memico are the world’s three largest oligarchs of mocvd equipment, which together accounted for more than 60% of the global market for outer equipment in 2020, and mocvd for more than 95% of the market for outer equipment. Aixtron leads in the areas of laser diodes and gaasled, and Veeco and Memico leads in the area of ganed.
In mid-2017, new mocvd devices were released, gradually replacing Veeco in the gan market, with a steady increase in the share, while Veeco decreased in the same proportion. The unimaxmocvd equipment generated by large-scale production for high-end applications was excellent in 21 years and is expected to lead to an upgrade in the company mocvd market.
Figure 43: Microdistribution of unimax medium micromocvd in mid-2021, client orders stabilized, loads increased steadily. Medium and medium are tailored to the needs of different customers and to the needs of Prismounimax.
Nationally produced mocvd equipment produced in ex-led. Prismoa7 produced more than twice as much as the previous-generation mocvd equipment. Prismohit3 is a mocvd device for deep-violet e-dispensives. Prismounimax is a large-scale miniled device dedicated to high-end displaying applications.
In the case of power devices, medium- and small-scale, pre-mocvd devices are mainly used for the exterior manufacturing of ggans, and new mocvd devices for microlled applications are being built.
The product performance of the micro-mocvd equipment has reached an international lead, with a national production rate of 80% for spare parts in 2021.
Temperature design, etc., has reached an international lead, with equipment optimized at a rapid rate, with a wavelength homogeneity of 1.51 nm in 2007, and the prismounimax-type wavelength homogeneity, introduced in 2021, has been raised to 0.71 nm, an international leader. According to company announcements, the value of the company ' s domesticized parts has reached 81%, while the value of the Japanese is 81%.
The share of spare parts is 10 per cent, the share of spare parts is 5 per cent, they are highly nationalized, and the supply chain is stable. Since the breakthrough of the mocvd equipment in 2017, the load has been steadily increasing, the total load forecast in 2022 has been delivered on a large scale beyond Veeco to become the largest supplier of equipment in the gland market in 2021.
The cavity order, which includes the megaz 52 cavity, is expected to have a total load of mocvd of 500 cavity in 2022. Entering the lpcvd market, epi, ald co-edimentation.
The method of deposition is mainly physical gas deposition (pvd), chemical gas deposition (cvd) and electroplating. The electroplating is used mainly for copper deposition, and the two main sediment routes are pvd and cvd. pvd is used mainly for metal material deposition in high vacuum environments.
Sediment particles are produced by plating, splashing or ion plating to complete thin film deposition, which is characterized by high film quality and low metal resistance. cvd is the entry of different gases into the reaction chamber, the formation of sediments through chemical reactions, and the completion of thin film deposition, which is characterized by better staircase coverage, which is usually used to deposit electrical materials and parts.
The multi-exposure process and the increase in the number of 3dnand stacks have significantly expanded the market for film sedimentation.
The United States dollar, as the process evolves, the complexity and accuracy of the logical circuit process process demands increasing, as well as the number and film quality requirements of the links in the manufacture of film deposition in integrated circuits and the demand for film deposition equipment and capacity requirements are higher. According to gartner data, the share of pecvd in film deposition equipment is higher.
The highest 34 per cent, the highest 13 per cent for ald and 7 per cent for lpcvd; 21 per cent for pvd splash and plating ecd, respectively, figure 49: 2020 market structure for membrane sediment equipment. The market for membrane sediment equipment is monopolized by international giants, with relatively weak national production capacity.
Line markets have long been dominated by international giants, with 87% of the pvd market applications in 2020, more than 70% of the cvd market applications, more than 70% of materials, pan forest semiconductors, more than 70% of the ald market, and more than 70% of Tokyo electronics. The domestic market for sediment equipment is low. As the domestic integrated circuit industry has grown, the country's production has sunk in recent years.
The national production rate of accumulated equipment has steadily increased, with the national production rate for the storage of membrane sediments in the Yangtze River being 2.1 per cent in 2019, 3.3 per cent in 2020 and 9.5 per cent in 2021, such as the excellent membrane sedimentation equipment in the North, such as the Takutech project, gradually entering the domestic production line.
Figure 52: Market distribution at ald 2020 Figure 53: National rate of production of storage membrane deposits in the Yangtze River 2019-2021
Process deposition, which is now in the client process validation phase, is expected to be launched in 2022-2023. Medium- and small-scale, as well as pitaxy single-crystal extension equipment for the silicon exterior growth process layout, has completed the initial design of the prototype for the debugging phase, which is expected to be launched in 2023 and is expected to result in a new growth point in the future.
There are two advantages to the market for membrane sedimentation in the middle: the technical aspects of equipment, the membrane sedimentation equipment and the etching equipment, which have many common features, the need for more precision control, and the excellent etching of the membrane equipment, and the development of technology to provide significant technical support for the development of membrane sediment equipment, such as plasma precision.
Control, temperature partition control, air flow distribution, etc. Second, MSMEs hold 11.2% shares in high technology, creating some synergy in technology development and product layout for TCI’s third largest shareholder.
Quality control applied to forward production and advanced encapsulation can be broken down by process into two stages: detection and measurement.
Characteristic structural defects that have an adverse effect on the performance of the chip process, such as particle contamination, surface scratching, short circuits, and measurements refer to quantitative descriptions of structural dimensions and material properties of the observed crystal circuits, such as physical parameters such as film thickness, critical dimensions, etching depth, surface appearance, etc.
Semiconductor detection and measurement techniques Bubble defects Particle defects
Inspection photoset offsets, thin membrane thickness
Quantities of 3D metrology integrated circuits are measured according to the content and method of measurement, and are divided mainly into defects detection, thin film measurements
Quantities, critical-size measurements, and holster error detections, including graphic, no graphic, electrobeam (e-beam) and sem (sem) detections, membrane surveyors, e.g. ellipsis, ftir and film stress measurements, key scales, etc.
Inch measurements include optical critical dimensions (ocd) measurements and critical-size scanning mirrors (cd-sem), etc., with an error test, which is obtained mainly through the combination of optical microimaging systems with digital image algorithms.
Wide-spectral or deep-violet single-wave-length laser lighting to obtain a pattern of crystal-crystal surface circuits Images, without graphic detection generally used to detect crystal circles that do not form patterns, using the reflection of laser beams to determine the defects and types of crystal-crystal surfaces, ebi's theory is to use electro-scan microscopes to detect defects in crystals.
The core components are electro-scan microscopes that scan the crystal surface by focusing on the ion beams, receive secondary electron and respiratory electrons from which radiation is returned and, after computational processing, convert them to greyscale images of crystald circular shapes. Figure 55: Multiple methods of detection of defects
The membrane measuring equipment consists mainly of ellipses and ftirs, which are the main means of measuring the thickness of the membrane, the principle being that light from the light of the light from a certain angle is injected into the surface of the crystall disc, and the membrane.
The surface and bottom-reflection light is reflected by optical systems and spectrometers, which eventually collect optical signals by mass spectrometers, and the software system uses optical colour dispersion models, as well as multi-interface optic interferences, for algorithmic processing of incoming signals, resulting in precise film thickness.
The membrane component, the working principle of which is that infrared light from infrared light sources can be directed directly to parallel infrared beams into the interferometry system (consisting of mirrors and motion mirrors), which, due to the interference of light differentials, arrives on the detector, obtains infrared spectroscopy through the Folic transformation process, and then obtains the information required for chemical components, among other things.
Process elements include light etching, thin film deposition, etching, cmp, etc. Critical size measurements are important for measuring the width of the electrical route, with major equipment including optical microscopes (ocd), scan mirrors (cd-sem), transect mirrors (tem), and cd-sem being primarily based on the presence of the atoms of the measured object.
The electrobeams fired by a microscopic electronic gun are triggered by a secondary electron, which, due to the size of the active electron surface at the slope, produces the largest number of secondary electrons, and when converted to a mirror image, the image has a high edge brightness, which makes it possible to calculate the critical dimensions on which the electroscanning and the imaging will upload the images and data into the system.
The system constructs 2d or 3d graphics of the integrated circuit structure based on algorithms, the main application of which is the light etching and etching process.
Figure 60: Scanning electroscope measurement The set of etching error measurements is mainly used to ensure alignment between the layers, and the main equipment consists of optical imaging (ibo), optical reproduction imaging (dbo) and scanning electroscope (sem), which is based on optical micrometry.
Both sets of digitized graphics are obtained, and each layer of graphics is then located by software algorithms at the edge of the boundary, further calculates the central position, and thus obtains the error; dbo is based on a set of monochrome light, which is directed to the raster of the various layers of the object, which is determined by measuring uncertainty in the strength of the diffraction beam.
The main applications include a higher value of light time, a higher quantity detection device, and a lower rate of national production. In the whole production line, the value of mass detection equipment is about 13%, second only to light time, etching and film deposition, which are important in the forward manufacturing equipment.
The model reached $7.65 billion and the average annual composite growth rate of 12.6 per cent for the period 2016-2020 maintained a high rate of growth, with a relatively high ratio of 62.6 per cent for detection equipment and 33.5 per cent for measuring equipment, including graphics.
The global market for semiconductor-testing equipment is largely monopolized by foreign firms, with kla accounting for more than half of the ratio, and national production rates of only about 1%. The major detection and measurement equipment enterprises worldwide include science semiconductors, applications, Yokotaka, etc.
50.8% of the total market share of the top five companies worldwide is more than 82.4%, both from the United States and Japan, with higher concentration in the city. Measuring equipment is also one of the lowest levels of domestic production in the front road, with only about 1% in real terms, and the main domestic firms for testing include precision electronics, Chinese flying, smart instruments, etc.
Founded in June 2005 to develop and produce equipment in the field of advanced process detection in the production of integrated circuits, the main product is optical membrane thickness measuring equipment and optical defects detection equipment, as well as silicon thickness and tonic measuring equipment, which is one of the few high-end equipment companies in the country that have entered the internationally leading 12-inch production line and is the only one in the country.
Entering a national integrated circuit facility for a leading Korean chip production firm. So far, intelligent technology is developing a new generation of membrane thickness and ocd measuring devices that can support higher-stage chip production processes, as well as defective detection devices for integrated circuit chip production, to further expand serviceable markets.
In March 2022, MSMEs made an additional $108 million in cash investment, changing the share ratio from 20.4 per cent to 29.4 per cent.
The main thrust of the national production-measured equipment of the Forces nouvelles, coupled with a positive synergy with medium-sized manufacturing equipment, has contributed to a slight increase in the strategic layout of high-end chip equipment.
The sale of spare parts and the maintenance of equipment is expected to continue in 2022-2024. The sale of spare parts and equipment is the main two other parts of the company.
We expect companies to continue to benefit from advanced processes and the expansion of 3dnand, and the country's mocvd equipment: given the development of miniled and power devices, there is still room for upswing in the market in the micromocvd.
Taking into account the led landscape cycle. Based on publicly available company data. Projected increase in income from mocvd equipment from 2022 to 2024 cvd/epi equipment: rpcvd and epi extension equipment in medium and micro layouts has yielded some results and has now reached 20 million, 80 million, 150 million and 300 per cent growth in revenue from 2023 to 2024, respectively.
Spare parts for spares: Corporate spare parts revenue is expected to increase as specialized equipment is released. Major rates: According to the fund-raising project, the cost of research and development will continue to decline to a small extent as a result of the scale effect of the firm's increased research and development efforts towards the erosion of advanced processes.
Stability, fine-tuning of operating costs, leading to periods of sale costs, a lower overall level of management costs and a scenario analysis of profit projections, which were previously assumed to be neutral, optimistically projected to increase the rate of revenue, research and development of plasma etching equipment, film deposition equipment and air purification equipment for the company's main business, etc.
Production and marketing, with products covering semiconductor integrated circuit manufacturing, advanced encapsulation, led production, mems manufacturing, etc.a Among the listed companies, the companies of North China (002371.sz), Semami Shanghai (688082.sh), Hua Haiqing (688120.sh), Takutech (688072.sh) and China Micro are all integrated circuits.a
Companies, business models, upstream and downstream industries, R & D models, etc., all have similar integrated circuit manufacturing equipment products in terms of product attributes and comparable to listed public divisions; in the area of integrated manufacturing equipment, the above comparable companies will remain partners with industry competitors or chains for a longer period of time, in accordance with the principle of business similarities.
The selection of the North Chinese company (002371.sz), the United States of America in Shanghai (688082.sh), China in Hae-chingco (688120.sh), and Taku-Technology (688072.sh) are comparable companies, using the ps valuation method used in a share equipment company valuations. The year has been steadily raised. As product R & D progresses and market space opens up, the company's products move towards a higher performance area.
Progress and continued growth in product sales are expected to lead to sustained growth in corporate performance and Māori ratios. Table 13: Comparable corporate valuations. Valuations are based on relevant assumptions, in particular the selection of valuation parameters for comparable companies.
Risks leading to deviations in valuations, specifically: micro-cleaning and cmp links, MSMEs main business areas compared to US companies in Shanghai, China and China; etching links, differences in importance and level of demand for products in integrated circuit manufacturing; and, at the same time, chips
Volume and prices are expected to be optimistic, leading to an overestimation of performance over the next three years. This low estimate, Māori overestimated, leads to a risk that the company’s projected profitability for the next three years will be higher than actual.
1. Risk of major spare parts supply and price fluctuations. Some of the company ' s spare parts come from the United States and Japan, and if the friction between China and the United States of America continues to warm, if there is a significant change in the company ' s suppliers of key spare parts or if there is a significant adverse change in the foreign trade environment that will result in inadequate supply of the spare parts or substantial price fluctuations.
It can have a greater impact on the level of profitability of companies. 2 - Management risks associated with scale expansion. With the rapid growth in business size, the scale of the company’s sales has expanded rapidly, placing greater demands on the company’s organizational structure, management system, and management talent.
Failure to innovate in management in a timely manner to respond to the demands of rapid scale expansion may result in risks such as weak competitiveness and higher operating costs.3 The risk of adverse market expansion for new products. The creation of channels for new product markets, promotion and customer recognition
It takes a certain period of time, and the production and logistics organization of the product requires sustained financial and human investment. If the new product market fails to open as expected, it will have a negative impact on the growth of the company’s performance.
Foreign-currency assets and liabilities. While companies will balance the size of foreign-currency assets and liabilities in the future to reduce the impact of exchange gains and losses on their performance, they will have a greater impact on their business performance if there is a large short-term fluctuation in the settlement exchange rate between the relevant foreign currencies and the renminbi.
2. The risk of increased competition in the industry. If future equipment markets are more competitive and firms are unable to sustain product innovation and higher product quality and service levels, thus maintaining market leadership in a competitive environment in a fierce industry, firms will also face a decline in market position and a risk of a decline in the Māori rate, leading to corporate consolidation.
The author ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, is independent, objective, impartial and free from any third party ' s approval or influence; and that the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.