Annual Report 2020 & 21q1 Quarterly Review: Internet Platform Industry 30/04/2021
Zhang Qiang Wei: The results of the investment business are a significant driver of 20 years of performance growth and 21 years of steady growth of the main business, Starmaker.
In recognition of investment earnings of 3,362 million yuan throughout the year and of fair value changes of 1,292 million yuan, the principal is to benefit from the company's sales of grindr over 20 years and to recognize the return on investment of $2.94 billion, the company's investment industry has shown a positive 20-year performance growth.
In the same year, 25.72% fell, mainly from classic games and sales of grindr. In 20 years, fully-owned companies realized net profits of 979 million yuan, an increase of 4.8% over the same year. In 20 years, R & D costs were reduced by selling subsidiaries.
The cash flow from investment activities is $2,254 million, the proceeds from games and games, such as the sale of grindr, have returned to normal and net cash flows from operating activities have fallen by 82.73 per cent over the same period, mainly from the disposal of loans by Oela and the sale of grindr.
opera 21q1 income increases beyond performance guidelines, and profits will be released gradually. By the end of 20 years, 1, Kunlund Wanwi (300,418), 380 million monthly users were acquired, 29 million annually, and mobile end-of-quarter income was generated.
Starmaker marches into audio social networking, five tops of history, and 21 years of online game platforms will be launched. In addition, the company has launched a digital wallet brand called "dify" in Spain, which will be expanded to other parts of Europe.
Business matrix-driven long-term growth will continue to penetrate the European market. Opra 21q1 operating income of $51.58 million, exceeding performance. Guidance, profits due to company disposal of high-mori petty loans and marketing promotion cost increases
ii. Cullenwanwi (300418): Transfers have declined, with 21 years of continuous progress in the multi-plate business of news, finance, games, profit holding subsidiary grindrlinc.
3. Cullen Wanwi (300,418) Quarter Quarter Quarter Quarter Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Quarter Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Quarter Queen Queen Quarter Queen Queen Quarter Queen Quarter Quarter Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Q
The number of active users in the future and the number of active users in the arramaker will grow at a high rate. The Stargroup has been listed in April, and is expected to drive the company’s growth.
1. The growth in performance driven by the sale of grindr and the pressure on the main business: in 2020, the company achieved 2.74 billion yuan (yoy-25.72 per cent) in revenues and a net return to the mother of 4,993 million yuan (yoy+285.54 per cent), mainly due to the performance of investment operations and the corresponding return on the sale of grinder.
Review: The results of investment operations are a significant driver of 20 years of growth in performance and 21 years of steady growth of the current main business. The results of the company ' s 20 years of investment have been significant, with a year-round recognition of investment earnings of 3,362 million yuan, a gain of 1,292 million yuan in fair value change, largely benefiting from the company ' s sales of grindr over 20 years and the recognition of $2.94 billion in investment.
The remaining $60 million in investment returns will be recognized after the performance appraisal has been completed, in addition to the fact that the company's investment in medical treatment will be marketed in Hong Kong, that Dada has been listed in the United States stock market, that the Ponyai valuation has increased significantly, and that the company's investment performance has been an excellent driver of 20 years of performance growth. In the case of major businesses, the company's revenue from its main business has fallen by 25.72 per cent over 20 years on a year-on-year basis.
In 20 years, the company’s wholly-owned subsidiary has achieved net profits of 979 million yuan, an increase of 4.8 per cent over the same year. The company’s Māori ratio has remained stable for 20 years, with three fees, sales costs, financial costs, and research and development costs as a result of selling subsidiaries. In terms of cash flows, the company has been running a net 20-year business.
Cash flows of $723 million (Yoy-38.23 per cent) and cash outflows from investment activities of $2,254 million (Yoy+83.73 per cent), mainly in the form of a 39.4 per cent slip, mainly in the return to normality of revenues from the mitigation of the epidemic and the sale of grindr. 21q1 Māori rates fell by 17.23 pct from the same year onward adjustment, mainly in the case of petty loan operations disposed of by Opra.
The interest income on loans was higher, with a retroactive increase of 18.22 pct for 21q1 net interest rates, mainly due to the loss of 20q1opera due to the impact of the epidemic. 21q1 management cost increased by 14.14 pc for the same year, mainly because of the company ' s new equity holdings over the same period last year.
With the completion of the Internet platform ' s operational matrix, 21 years of rapid growth is expected.
The company's acquisition of the Stargroup in February 21 has resulted in five business matrices: Opra, Stargroup, Gameark, Leisure and Recreation, and Investment, which will in the future focus on the development of existing business plates, the development of Internet platforms, and 21 years of major business operations, which are expected to enter a rapid period of development.
By the end of 20 years, the number of users per month had risen by 380 million, the number of active users per year increased by 29 million, and the number of active users per month increased by 79 million in Andre. In the fourth quarter, mobile income rose to an all-time high, with the income of the users exceeding 150% and the ring increasing by 60%.
In addition, the company has launched a digital wallet brand for electricity dealers in Spain, a scheme that has been expanded to other parts of Europe. The market will also continue to infiltrate the market once the market in Africa is in the vanguard.
The company purchased the Stargroup 60.65% of its shares in February 21 for 13.95 billion yuan, with a combined 80% share. The Stargroup created the audio social platform, with 20q4 earning 230 million, a 31% ring increase, benefiting from a fast-growing seasonal trend.
Trends in the audio-social industry, and the number of active users of future starmaker and arpu have high growth space. Star group has been listed in April and is expected to drive the company’s subsequent growth. 3. Profit forecasting and investment ratings
Consider selling grindr, whose impact on the company’s performance and recreation for 20 years are more than expected to be catalyzed by the epidemic, and our new business is running below expectations, users are growing below expectations, and macroeconomic risks.