MIDEA GROUP [000333.CH]: 3Q 18 Conference call takeaways
Midea reported 3Q18 results, with top/bottom line growing 1%/18% respectively
for the quarter, vs. 10%/19% for 9M18. With revenue growth facing macro
headwinds and ASP growth (consumer upgrade) stalling in the AC segment, we
Home Appliances Sector
EPS by 3%/17% respectively, and reduce our PT from RMB 53 to RMB 42.
Investment Highlights
Buy
Profit boosted by finance income, operating profit disappoints: Total
revenue rose 1% YoY, with net profit growing 18% YoY on account of gross
margin expansion and reduced finance expense. Midea's 3Q18 top line fell short
of our expectation for mid-single digit revenue growth in second half. PBT growth
of 24.5% for the guarter was supported by improvements in finance costs.
Close: RMB 37.04 (Oct. 31, 2018)
Underlying operating profit grew only 9% (See Figure 1).
Upgrade trend slowing in AC: Midea's gross margins increased to 28.1%, up
Target Price: RMB 42 (+13%)
from 25.9% a year ago. Mgmt indicated AC growth of ~18% YoY in 9M18,
suggesting negative growth for AC in 3Q18 based on 28% AC growth in 1H18.
Price Performance
ASP increase was flat for 3Q18, vs. ~10% growth in 1H18. This remains a key
concern, as consumer upgrade and margin expansion has been part of our
Midea thesis.
million units. In other appliance segments, Midea also reports that channel
inventory is near historical lows. While we believe there is a high probability of
revenue weakness into 4Q18, we don't believe Midea's AC industry channel
inventory levels are reminiscent of 2015 levels, when destocking led to a
sustained sales contraction.
Market Cap
US$35,204m
Inexpensive Valuation. With ~35% sales from international sources (ex KUKA)
Shares Outstanding
6,627m
and lower ASPs relative to Gree and Qingdao Haier, Midea remains well
Free Float
41%
situated to ride out a slowdown in China's home appliance market. Currently
trading at 11.1x 2019E PER, we expect Midea to post 21%/0% EPS growth in
52W High
2018/2019, down from our former estimates of 21%/11% EPS growth. Our
52W Low
2018/2019 earnings have been reduced by 3.5%/17.2% respectively. Our new
3M Avg Daily T/O:
US$227m
TP is based on a valuation of 13x 2019 EPS, down from our former 15x, which
Major Shareholders:
Midea Hld. (33.3%)
we believe is justifiable for a business with a diversified franchise, stable market
share, and high single digit earnings growth.
Sources: Company, Bloomberg
Jeff Dorr – Analyst
An Zhang – Analyst
Johnson Cheung – Research Director
Source: Company Data, CGIS Research
Target Price Reduction
We keep our prior margin assumptions, but reduce top line growth for 2018/2019. Under our new
revenue estimates are 3%/11% lower than consensus, while our 2018/2019 profit expectations are 2%
higher/11% lower than consensus.
We cut our price target from RMB 53 to RMB 42 on account of lower earnings growth, and assign a new 13x
PER valuation, our current target price would be RMB 48.
Source: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Note: Based on consensus estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CGIS Research
Note: Based on consensus estimates
Takeaways from Midea's Management Call
Guidance: Midea continues to guide for high single digit top line and double digit profit growth into 2019.
AC Growth: Negative 3Q18 growth, flat ASPs: Mgmt indicated AC growth of ~18% YoY in 9M18.
Based on reported AC growth of 32% in 1H18, this suggests negative growth for AC in 3Q18. According
to management, ASP increase was flat for 3Q18, vs. ~10% growth in 1H18. This remains a key concern,
as consumer upgrade and margin expansion has been part of our Midea thesis. Midea indicated that
installation growth was negative in October.
months of annual production on our estimates. This compares favourably to Gree, which reportedly holds
~15Mn units in channel inventory, nearly 5 months of its annual production on our estimates. Midea
emphasized it holds 100 warehouses in China, which ship AC units directly to retailers. Midea spends
RMB 800m annually on this inventory and warehousing management system, which tracks inventory
levels daily.
Gree channel stuffing unlikely to impact Midea: Management assuaged investor concern that any AC
channel stuffing from Gree would impact Midea. In the last AC segment downturn in 2015/2016, Midea
had not yet developed its own inventory management system. As a result, Midea's channel inventory was
high, and sell-in suffered during the market downturn. Today, Midea's inventory levels are very well
controlled.
Refrigerators grew 2% in Q3, against 8% for 9M18. Even with revenue slowing, refrigerator ASP
growth remains resilient, with average ASP increasing 15% YoY.
as new high end models are introduced. Little Swan acquisition unlikely to close until 2019, due to
required shareholder vote occurring in December.
Small appliances up 5% in 9M18, but up 2% in 3Q18. Small appliance inventory was high in 1H18, but
inventories are now normalizing. Longer term, high single digit growth should remain achievable
KUKA cut 2018 guidance from EUR 3.5Bn to EUR 3.3Bn due to a weak global robotics market. Impact
is limited, as KUKA comprises some 12% of Midea's sales, and a smaller portion of profit. 3Q18 results
were somewhat encouraging; however, as revenue growth turned to +6.6% growth, an improvement from
1H18's -11.2%. Due to RMB depreciation against the Euro, the negative impact is somewhat mitigated on
Midea's financials.
Midea's new high end brand Como will have products in stores by December.
FINANCIAL MODEL
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
Sources: Company Annual Report, CGIS Research
Figure 6: Simplified Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
Disclaimer
This research report is not directed at, or intended for distribution to or used by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or regulation or which would subject China Galaxy International
Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited ("Galaxy International Securities") and/or its group companies to any registration or licensing requirement within such
jurisdiction.
This report (including any information attached) is issued by Galaxy International Securities, one of the subsidiaries of the China Galaxy International Financial
Holdings Limited, to the institutional clients from the information sources believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty (expressly or implied) is made
as to their accuracy, correctness and/or completeness.
This report shall not be construed as an offer, invitation or solicitation to buy or sell any securities of the company(ies) referred to herein. Past performance should
not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance.
The recipient of this report should understand and comprehend the investment objectives and its related risks, and where necessary consult their own independent
financial advisers prior to any investment decision.
Where any part of the information, opinions or estimates contained herein reflects the personal views and opinions of the analyst who prepared this report, such
views and opinions may not correspond to the published views or investment decisions of China Galaxy International Financial Holdings Limited and any of its
subsidiaries ("China Galaxy International"), directors, officers, agents and employees ("the Relevant Parties").
All opinions and estimates reflect the judgment of the analyst on the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. China Galaxy International and/or
the Relevant Parties hereby disclaim any of their liabilities arising from the inaccuracy, incorrectness and incompleteness of this report and its attachment/s and/or
any action or omission made in reliance thereof. Accordingly, this report must be read in conjunction with this disclaimer.
Disclosure of Interests
China Galaxy Securities Co., Ltd. (6881.HK; 601881.CH) is the direct and/or indirect holding company of the group of companies under China Galaxy International.
China Galaxy International may have financial interests in relation to the subjected company(ies) the securities in respect of which are reviewed in this report, and
such interests aggregate to an amount may equal to or more than 1 % of the subjected company(ies)' market capitalization.
One or more directors, officers and/or employees of China Galaxy International may be a director or officer of the securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this
report.
China Galaxy International and the Relevant Parties may, to the extent permitted by law, from time to time participate or invest in financing transactions with the
securities of the company(ies) mentioned in this report, perform services for or solicit business from such company(ies), and/or have a position or holding, or other
material interest, or effect transactions, in such securities or options thereon, or other investments related thereto.
China Galaxy International may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities for, or currently may make a primary market in issues of, any
or all of the entities mentioned in this report or may be providing, or have provided within the last 12 months, significant advice or investment services in relation
to the investment concerned or a related investment or investment banking services to the company(ies) mentioned in this report.
Furthermore, China Galaxy International may have received compensation for investment banking services from the company(ies) mentioned in this report within
the preceding 12 months and may currently seeking investment banking mandate from the subject company(ies).
Analyst Certification
The analyst who is primarily responsible for the content of this report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities or issuer covered in this report:
(1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject, securities or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is,
or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by the analyst in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the securities covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue of this report; (2) will deal
in or trade in the securities covered in this research report three business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve as an officer of any of the Hong Kong-
listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong-listed companies covered in this report.
Explanation on Equity Ratings
share price will increase by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
BUY
SELL
share price will decrease by >20% within 12 months in absolute terms
no clear catalyst, and downgraded from BUY pending clearer signal to reinstate BUY or further downgrade to outright SELL
HOLD
Copyright Reserved
No part of this material may be reproduced or redistributed without the prior written consent of China Galaxy International Securities (Hong Kong) Co., Limited.
20/F, Wing On Centre, 111 Connaught Road Central, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. General line: 3698-6888.