The petrochemicals team is looking forward to the warmth and the production of new materials!
On 27 October 2023, helium petrochemicals issued a three-quarter report for 2023, and in the first three quarters of 2023 the company achieved 17,316.2 million yuan in operating income, an increase of 1.63 per cent in the same year, and a net return to the mother of $5,701 million, a decrease of 6.34 per cent in the same year.
Benefiting from the continued strength of the refinery plates and the continued improvement in the company’s performance ring. 1. Stifler’s Rating: Better Rings, Expecting New Materials!, q3 oil prices raise inventory returns or will increase significantly, and refined oil strongly supports the company’s q3 performance:
In the third quarter of 2023, the international oil price boomed with an average price of 85.83 USD/bp/bp/b/b/b/d. The price of crude oil improved or increased by 10.15 per cent.
The thick inventory yield boosts performance. The difference in the price of 2023q3 diesel/petrol/avigational kerosene cracks is tonnes/year of crude oil processing capacity and 5.2 million tonnes/year of px production capacity, respectively, and the refined plates are expected to sustain strong support for the company ' s performance in sustaining the recovery.
The company ' s chemical business plate will be repaired as demand for chemical products warms: The demand for the chemical products is still in the early stages of recovery, the company ' s performance is held up by chemical products, and the pressure on the company continues. 2023q3 polyfins - the original oil price difference averaged 2768 yuan per ton, and the ring is narrower than the harvest.
On September 17, 2023, Kang Fui developed 3.9 microns of ultra-least-carbon band membrane and developed it on his own.
On 19 September, the Bopet Line F of the Kang Hui Xinjiang Sou base successfully drove and officially started a pilot production. On 25 October, the company issued an announcement stating that it had submitted a check on the application for a project to re-establish Dalian thermal power.
In addition, projects such as the 1.6 million tonnes/year high-performance resins and new materials project are on schedule ... It is expected that 200,000 tonnes/year of battery-grade carbonate will be produced annually in 2023-2024.
(dmc), 260,000 tonnes of polycarbonate, 23.18 million tonnes/year of biphenola, 300,000 tonnes of abs, 720,000 tonnes of new energy material production, extension of the company ' s industrial chain to downstream high value added areas, and high future growth of the company ' s performance are more likely.
Profit forecasts, valuations and ratings keep looking at the company's performance elasticity and new materials following the economic warming, and we're moving up as a result of the deep-processed capacity to produce open-end products - the growth of poor oil prices.
The annual net profit return to the mother is $8 billion/10.2 billion/151 billion, corresponding to 1.14.1 geopolitical disruption of the global crude oil market; (2) the potential for net profit to be spread after the subsidiary ' s new material has been removed from the market: (3) the Fed increases interest rates or discourages end demand: (4)
The results are affected by errors in satellite positioning and tanker tracking data; (5) other third-party impacts: (7) construction work in progress is not as fast as expected, and additional production capacity is not available as expected.1 The performance ring is continuously repaired, and the disassembly of new materials is steadily moving forward
In the third quarter of 2023, published on 27 October 2023, Helium petrochemicals achieved business income of $17,316.2 billion in the first three quarters of 2023, an increase of 1.63 per cent in the same year and a net return to the mother of $5,701 million, a decrease of 6.34 per cent in the same year.
In the third quarter of 2023, affected by factors such as additional output reductions in Saudi and other pepc-plus countries and geo-conflicts, international oil prices surged, with an average price of 85.83 per barrel for 2023q3 Brent crude oil futures, an increase of 10.15 per cent in the ring, and an improvement in the performance of the former oil price ring relative to the gain in stock earnings.
2023q3 finished oil cracker price margin slightly decreased, q3 diesel fuel/ gasoline/aerial kerosene crack price differentials of $795, $1124/1825/t, respectively, minus 17.06 per cent/15.32/20.90 per cent, but the overall finished oil crack price differentials were maintained at medium and high levels, accompanied by continued high domestic demand for finished oil consumption and clean-up from overseas refining capacity, resulting in a spread in finished oil cracks.
The company’s refining plates are expected to remain strong and robust, while px-former oil price differentials continue to be high, with a difference of RMB 33,322/ton for 2023q3px-former oil prices, and a narrow ring ratio of 0.75%, almost equal to q2.
The company’s constant decline in oil growth in recent years has accelerated the energy transition, but, as demand for ferrets is still in the early stages of recovery, the company’s performance continues to be constrained by chemical products. 2023q3 polyfins – the original average oil price difference, 2768 yuan – ring
At the same time, the pta product capacity drops quickly, resulting in a price spread of $2023q3pta-px with an average price difference of $188 per tonne and a narrow ring harvest of 52.71 per cent, with a lower price difference. The demand for chemical products is on the rise.
On September 17, 2023, KANG Fui Xinjiang, once more, built on the original 4.5 microns of thin membrane to break through the Great Broadband Melting Line, which led to a successful one-time drive from the Bopet Line F of the Kang Xinjiang Sou base, and officially began production on a trial basis.The company issued a public announcement on October 25, stating that it had submitted a check on the application for the Dalian Hot Power Reorganization Project.
In addition, the company ' s 20 million tonnes/year refining integration project, 1.5 million tonnes/year ethylene project, and the 5 million tonnes/year pta project of the Hennessey State industrial park have been fully operational. In addition, 1.6 million tonnes/year high-performance resins and new materials projects have been completed.
(i) Geopolitical disruption of the global crude oil market: changes in the situation in the Russian Federation, advancement of Iran ' s nuclear agreement, lifting of sanctions in Venezuela, etc.
Geopolitical events or uncertainty at the supply end disrupt the global crude oil market; 2) there is a potential for net profit to be spread: once the new material is marketed, the financial position and profitability will continue to be reflected in the company’s consolidated statements, and the net profit of the new material to which the company has an interest is likely to be diluted.
3) US Federal Reserve interest increases or inhibits end demand: US Federal Reserve index increases or drives strong dollar indices, while US dollar indexes tend to be negative related to the original price of oil, assuming that the Fed raises interest rates or disturbs crude oil prices. 4) Satellite positioning and tanker tracking data errors impact on results: satellite data errors include those directly linked to satellite positioning
The commercial agencies, national government organizations, etc., have varying levels of data accuracy, which may lead to errors. 6) Modeling errors have an impact on results: due to the size of the data, the data are not perfect, and the models are not yet able to do so.
A perfect capture of the data itself leads to errors.