Events: In the evening of 27 October 2023, Helium Stone issued its third quarterly report for 2023. In the first three quarters of 2023, the company achieved a gross operating income of $17,316.2 million, an increase of 1.63 per cent, compared with 1.63 per cent.
In the third quarter of 2023, the company achieved business income of 63.705 billion yuan, an increase of 24.39 per cent over the same period; there was a strong recovery in the refining landscape and a sustained recovery in the company ' s performance. At the end of the cost, in the first half of 2023, it received full \triangleright
The expected impact of the economic pessimism of the ball, as international oil prices stunned down; into the third quarter, the international research assistant for the Xiaoxian petrochemicals industry, led by the rising seasonal demand and the extension of production reduction schemes in selected member countries
Overall, Brent's average price was approximately $82 per barrel in the first three quarters of 2023, down 20% from the previous quarter, and corporate cost-side pressure was reduced. The company's main raw materials coal, butyl diol, crude oil, px purchases fell 18% from the previous three quarters, 49% from the previous quarter.
13%, 1%, and the cost-side pressure is significantly reduced. At the end of demand, after the third quarter of the year, the country will return to the summer season, capital construction will be warmed up, daily consumption repairs will be made, such as garments, and demand for finished oils and chemicals will continue to recover.
Under the scenario, the prices of downstream products are resilient, with average sales of new material products falling by 3 per cent, 6 per cent, and 8 per cent, respectively, in the previous three quarters. Since the beginning of the year, company performance has continued against a background of steady cost and demand recovery.
Industry is recovering or still in progress, and structural opportunities are on the way. At the cost end, the Israeli-Palestinian \triangleright flare-up in October, United States Treasury Secretary Ellen said that Saudi Arabia would not rule out tightening sanctions on Iran.
Events such as the suspension of negotiations on normalization of relations with Israel have exacerbated the impact of the conflict and international oil prices have increased. Looking ahead, we believe that the Palestinian-Israeli conflict remains uncertain, that the cumulative phase of sexual demand ends, and that international oil prices may remain high.
On the other hand, in 2023, the first three batches of oil exports reached 3999 million tons, exceeding last year's full-time quota.
Growth is expected to support the start-up load of the country’s refineries, with finished oils or the prospect of production. For chemicals, as demand-side recovery slows down, the overall price spread below the HFO is still weak and price differentials are still to be repaired; but stocks of aromatic products such as px, pure benzene are at an advanced stage.
Low, and Māori levels have improved significantly over the same period last year, and we believe that in the future prices of aromatics products are expected to rise at the end of Sunda S.A.S. and low stock levels, with profit margins or will continue to fight.
Itd House No. 9 West Side Street, Beijing City, Building No. 1 Confui's new material is on the market, and access to high-quality asset financing is expected to widen.
\triangleright, high-performance plastics and biodegradable materials are the core carriers of the new materials business. \triangleright re-incorporated on the market in October 2023.
In addition, the company and the hemorrhaging fibres and the Dalian Heat have signed the Performance Compensation Agreement. According to this agreement, the constant petrochemicals and the silicon fibres promise, so traded, are:
The forecast of net profit for annual deductions is not less than 1.94, 898 million yuan and 1,284 million yuan respectively. In 2026, the forecast of net profit for non-repatriation is no less than 8.98 and the forecast for profit for large companies demonstrates confidence in and commitment to the growth of performance for the new material.
Profit forecasts and investment ratings: we forecast net return profits for companies in 2023-2025 to benefit from their competitive advantages and a return in industry, respectively, and the performance of companies in 2023-2025 to be expected to grow faster and maintain a “buy-in” rating for companies.
Risk factors: Risks of large short-term fluctuations in crude oil prices: less profitable than expected for polyester fibres; risk of excess refining capacity; less than expected risk of new production; less than expected risk of re-marketing of new materials to be dismantled.
Mr. Zhang Ming, Ph.D., Registered Consultant (Investment) Engineer, Deputy General Manager of the Sinda Securities Research and Development Centre, Member of the China Council for Geology and Mineral Economics, Member of the China International Engineering Advisory Corporation's Pool of Experts, Member of the China Price Association's Sub-Committee on Coal Prices, former Deputy Director of the Industry Advisory Office of the China Coal Industry Association (chaired) for more than 10 years, conducted research and advisory work in coal and energy-related fields, and presided over the “13th Five” National Coal Survey
In June 2016, China joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for research on the coal industry. From 2019 to the present, it is responsible for research on large energy panels. Liu Hongqin, head of the Sunda Energy Pulsification Block, doctor, formerly an expert and assistant director of the China Institute of petrochemical Economics, and China ' s environmental science.
Member of the carbon-spiriting committee, working on energy transformation, carbon-neutralization, and petrochemical industry development studies.
Hu Xiao Yi, Master of Economics, University of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, and Bachelor of Science in Finance, University of Finance and Economics, South-West China. Joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in the petrochemical sector. Liu Xiao, Master of Arts, University of Hong Kong, Bachelor of Management, Beijing University of Science and Technology, joined the Sunda Securities Research and Development Centre in July 2022 for research in petrochemicals.
This report is produced and published by the CVM. This report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with the CVM, which provides support and reference for investment decisions for this group of customers.
This report is made available only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be regarded as a company ' s report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the recipient, but it does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained therein. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only those of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, and the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject indicated in this report may fluctuate to varying degrees.
Historical performance with respect to securities or investment targets should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or because different assumptions and criteria are used, leading to studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report, for which no special notice may be given.