Alumina shares (000807), non-ferrous metals, increased production and sales, increased performance in the first half of the year, and South-West Securities Research and Development Centre
Incidents: The company published its semi-annual report for 2020. The company generated 12,068 million yuan in 2020h1, an increase of 11.28 per cent in the same year, and a net return to the mother of 243 million yuan, an increase of 51.38 per cent in the same year.
The main reason for this is the increase in sales of electrolytic aluminium. During the reporting period, companies produced 1,053,300 tons of original aluminium, representing an increase of 21.7 per cent over the same period; the electrolytic aluminium business generated revenues of $7.17 billion, representing an increase of 18.09 per cent over the same period. The increase in the reporting period to 3.96 per cent was due, inter alia, to the increase in the cost of major repairs during the reporting period; and the cost of sales rose from 2.29 per cent to 2.29 per cent.
2.41 per cent, resulting from increased sales of aluminium commodities and increased transport costs, among others, during the reporting period: the financial cost rate decreased significantly from 4.20 per cent to 2.97 per cent as a result of lower borrowing interest rates and lower borrowing costs during the reporting period. • Expansion projects steadily advanced to complete integrated chains of hydropower aluminium.
At the end of the reporting period, the company had 3.05 million tons of bauxite, 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide, 2.39 million tons of hydropower aluminium,
Aluminium alloys and aluminium processing capacity of 1.1 million tons of carbon products and 800,000 tons of carbon products. The construction of an integrated industrial chain of bauxite-aluminium oxide-carbon products- electrolytic aluminium-aluminium processing facilitates corporate co-ordination and reduces the cost of processing intermediate raw materials.
Price fluctuations in raw materials, improved corporate resilience and sustainable development capacity, enhanced corporate performance, control of raw materials and processing costs and “possession” rating. 1 Increased volume of production and sales to build the chain of the hydropower and aluminium industry
Founded in 1970, Yunnan Aluminium Co. Ltd., the company, formerly the Yunnan Aluminium Factory, was transformed into a State-owned holding company, listed on 8 April 1998 at the deep end of the market. The company relies on its rich hydropower resources in Yunnan Province to build a green, low-carbon “integrating hydroelectric aluminium processing” industrial chain. By the end of 2019, the company owned aluminium oxide.
Aluminium oxide, produced from the company’s own bauxite resources, is used exclusively for the production of aluminium and alumina.
Aluminium oxide can only be purchased from abroad to meet all production needs: the company’s own-produced carbon products also cannot fully meet its own production needs for hydroelectric aluminium, and some of them need to be bought out. The company’s products sold abroad are mainly aluminum and aluminum processing products, as well as a part of its trade operations in 2019.
The company earned 45 per cent of its aluminum business, 38 per cent of its aluminium industry and 16 per cent of its trade business. The company ' s aluminum business Māori rate rose from 6.35 per cent to 14.72 per cent in 2019; the aluminum industry ' s Māori rate rose from 8.06 per cent; and the performance deficit in 2018 was significant, on the one hand because raw material prices remained high and on the other hand because of company-to-company savings.
A large amount of asset impairments is calculated for goods, fixed assets, construction in progress, receivables, etc., for comprehensive inventory and asset impairment tests. In 2020h1, 12,068 million yuan was collected, up 11.28 per cent from the same year, and a net return to the mother of 243 million yuan, up 51.38 per cent from the same year, mainly due to increased sales of electrolytic aluminium.
This represents an increase of 21.7 per cent over the same period; an increase of $7.17 billion in revenues from the electrolytic aluminium business, or 18.09 per cent over the same period; an increase in sales of aluminium commodities, transportation costs, etc.; and a significant decrease in the financial cost rate from 4.20 per cent to 2.97 per cent as a result of lower interest rates on loans and lower borrowing costs during the reporting period.
The company has built a complete industrial chain of “green low-carbon hydroelectric aluminium integration” integrated with bauxite-oxidation-aluminium-carbon products-aluminium refining-aluminium processing.
The transfer of areas of comparative advantage, particularly the south-west, which is rich in hydroelectric power, has promoted the integration of the aluminium and electricity industry.” The company has accelerated the implementation of its strategy of upgrading the “Scaling the Two-heads, Optimizing the Middle” and has actively expanded the green low-carbon hydropower and aluminium project to enhance the overall competitiveness of the company. As of 2020h1, the company owned 3.05 million tons of bauxite, 1.4 million tons of aluminium oxide, and 2.39 million hydropower and aluminium.
The production capacity of tons, aluminium alloys and aluminium for the processing of 1.1 million tons and 800,000 tons of carbon-based products will facilitate corporate convergence, reduce the cost of processing intermediate raw materials, control the cost of upstream raw materials, facilitate the extraction of local spaces and enhance corporate whole-body resilience and sustainable development.
Table 1: Corporate main business output and Māori ratio Table 3: Risks of high volatility in electrolytic aluminium prices, lower than expected in the construction of new projects and fluctuations in the cost of electricity in comparison with corporate valuations.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.