A steady growth in performance, with a new sign-up for the house showing bright light, the event: the company published its annual report for 2023.
The company achieved business income of 1.26 million yuan in 2023, representing an increase of 9.3 per cent and a steady increase in performance. By type of business, the base plant, equipment manufacturing, and resource utilization business income increased by 10.58 per cent, 5.95 per cent and 11.49 per cent respectively.
The largest share of new contracts was in construction operations, resulting in a total of 22,50,970 million new contracts, representing an increase of 11.4 per cent compared with the previous year. In terms of sub-operations, roads completed new contracts of $22,999 million, representing an increase of 29.4 per cent, city track completed new contracts of $164,448 million, representing an increase of 39.7 per cent and housing completed new contracts of the same year.
In the reporting period, companies signed new contracts amounting to $382.67 billion, an increase of 6 per cent.
In 2023, the combined Māori rate for companies increased by 0.44 perpent, 0.06 perpent, 0.70 perpet, 4.06 perpet, respectively. The increase in Māori in infrastructure was mainly due to the company’s in-depth promotion of large-scale business management and engineering.
Project management efficiency enhancement actions to continuously upgrade the capacity and level of efficiency of engineering projects; increase in Māori manufacturing of equipment, mainly by further strengthening the cost control of tunnel construction equipment and steel structure manufacturing and installation operations, and raising the profitability of the product. In 2023, the net cash flow of the company was $38,363 million, compared to the same amount.
According to the Ministry of Commerce statistics, in 2023, our enterprises were working together on a “one-way” state-contracted project.
930.52 billion yuan, an increase of 9.8 per cent over the same period; new contracts of $1,607.3 billion, an increase of 10.7 per cent over the same period, were one of the major infrastructure builders in the construction of the “one-way” sector, with the participation of the Javan tall railway link at the Padma Bridge in Bangladesh, the Busanga hydroelectric station in the Congo, and Siem Reap Uggo International in Cambodia.
A number of overseas representative projects, such as the airport, were put into operation. In 2023, the company achieved offshore operating income.
The capital invested in the construction of five modern mines, as well as two mines that were to be developed by the Nueva Har and Uzhi and Zhang Qataulega gold companies. The China Galaxy Securities Institute has been able to grow in resource use.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, in order to ensure the quality of service, control investment risk, first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager, complete an appropriate match of investors, and fully understand the nature, characteristics, concerns about the use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use. All of the elements contained in this report are provided to customers for reference purposes only and do not constitute investment advice to customers, and are not used as a means of buying, selling, offering securities or other financial instruments.
However, it does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of Galaxy securities as at the date of their initial publication.