Tupou Group (601689.sh) Sla China Loop + 21 per cent, Gilly Loop + 18 per cent, Upper General Loop - 9 per cent; Aluminium prices down; 3) Corporate profitability continues to rise in the context of the continued release of new and old customers:
Large family (in single-car packages amounting to $30,000) + robotic implementer (samples accepted by clients): 2) Product fixation: ibs, ps, air-suspension, heat management projects with one gas, Gilly, Cyrus, co-inventor, high-combined, etc.; and, by the end of 22, Tupou had 16 new system conversion project fixes (projected)
2204 batches), with the addition of seven new project fixes for airborne systems (expected volume of 2303 batches); 3) Power distribution: domestic and Mexican factories are moving in an orderly manner and companies are to publish their collections in public at the end of 22nd year no more than $4 billion (the new light and quantitative chassis system is expected to produce 6.1 million units/years, interior features)
Quantities: Tesla announces global price reductions that are expected to boost sales and continue to benefit the industry chain; Tupou uses the Tier 0.5 model of cooperation, with a high-quality client base, no
The customers of Biadi, Wah, New Power, Mi, etc. are expected to bring new growth; prices: mainframe factory, Top Group (601689.sh) - release of a non-public release plan, consolidation of capacity plus, based on efficiency-plus cost-saving considerations, multi-product purchases are expected to become a trend.
Tupou Group (601689.sh) - Profit enhancement, with three-quarters net profit on a par with one-year profit expected to continue to be realized, raising the amount of the bicycle package; and Tupou ' s continuing production capacity near-end (heavy) Tupou Group (601689.sh) - fast-growing product lines, third-quarter net profit on the same basis
Qing Light Quantified Deck Factory Approximate Quest Community; Aniju County Production Matches Biadi, Ui); L: Company: Top Group (601689.sh) - Multi-Purpose-driven performance growth, net two-quarter profit with a global lead light Quantified Deck System layout (suspendable products such as side racks), stacked
The continued realization of scale effects, and the gradual spread of automobile electronics, is expected to continue to boost profitability. The Top Group (601689.sh) - sustained growth in performance, plus capacity and push investment proposals: a small increase in profit forecasts, and maintenance of the “buy-in” rating.
Taking into account the marginal upswing of the company ' s productive capacity and the profitability of the slopes, the profitability of the company continues to rise against a background of modest spending: if it is based on income and profit projections at the intermediate value of the zone, figure 2: Corporate operating income and growth in the first quarter of the month
(b) Continue to pursue the to5 model, deepening strategic partnerships with clients and continuously increasing the level of vehicle support;
3) Forward-looking production capacity to meet rapid market demand for new energy car penetration to help clients address capacity bottlenecks. As a result, company operating income and net profits continue to grow at a high rate, which will continue to increase at a rapid rate.
Figure 6: Māori and net interest rates for single-quarter companies Figure 8: Four cost-rate changes (quarterly)
In January-September of that year, the TPP system was able to produce 3 million sets, the interior features 5 million sets, and the heat management system 500,000 units, which, according to the order in hand, are no longer capable of meeting demand; TPP launched in December 22 of this year a non-public fund-raising scheme (subject to approval) for a total amount of not more than $4 billion, with a total investment of $7.8 billion for light use.
Projects such as chassis + interior + heat management + smart driving. This investment has a much higher share of its own funds than the previous two financing expansions, demonstrating Tupou's relatively solid capital strength (up to $3.3 billion in hand currency). We believe that the increase in the overall operating benefits of this financing will fill the capacity gap by: 1) increasing the capacity of the billing system; (2) optimization.
Capital structure, reducing financial costs and risks, and enhancing business continuity; 3) enhancing profitability (the four-fold expression of the ability to invest in the current round of fund-raising, and to remain vacant; with the completion of the capital-raising investment project, Takupu is expected to upgrade the existing industry.
Internal and external adornment systems, light-quantified body bodies, smart seating components, heat management systems, chassis systems, air suspension systems, smart driving systems with nine main operating plates, can provide customers with one-stop, system-level, modular products and services, with a single-car package of approximately $30,000, and the product structure gradually achieves the closure of the chassis and associated systems.
In addition, the company is actively developing the robotics industry. According to Tupou, the global workforce is estimated to be about 3.45 billion people, assuming a unit cost of 250,000 human robots, and if 11.6% of the workers are replaced by robots, the global market for human robots can reach 10 trillion degrees. The motor executive is the core of robots.
One of the components, a human robot, requires a larger number of motion executors in order to achieve this requirement. The company's motor execution equipment consists of components such as electric power, electrical control, and deceleration agencies, and the sample is approved by the client.
Control the chassis and the skateboard chassis, which are necessary to achieve high-level autopilot, while skateboarding can innovate vehicle-building patterns, accelerate car-building and reduce vehicle-building costs. Companies have the capacity to provide client-friendly services to respond to technological developments and possible innovations in the overall e/e control structure and area control.
A model of car construction. Clients pioneered: a mode of collaboration of 0.5 degrees, leading to new changes in the division of labour in the industry, domestic cooperation with companies such as Biadi, Gilly, Cyrus, Ulai, Peng, Ideas, international markets and rivian, lucid, technology and technology enterprises.
(b) An acre production base based on the establishment of factories in Taizhou, Kimhua, Chang Hing, Jiu, Su Ning, Chongqing, Huanan, Xian, Chongqing II, Poland, Mexico, etc.
Supply capacity of 6 million vehicles per year effectively alleviates supply bottlenecks. The company’s Ningpo Production Base provides a lightly quantified chassis for global customers, allowing for multi-process + multi-species synergy, maximizing plant and equipment utilization to oee, thereby reducing costs; and the company’s plants outside Ningbo can provide customers with near-distance packages (e.g. Chongqing light).
Quantified chassis plant number five is 50 metres from the m7 plant. As future markets move forward with light quantitative demand, companies continue to cut in to new customers, and new vehicle models continue to bring significant new orders to companies, providing further safeguards for the digestion of additional capacity.
The chassis system, which is the company's core strategic layer, maintains a high rate of increase in revenue and is expected to grow to 10 billion by 2025, including products such as aluminum control arm exercise, turnover festivals, side racks, based on sales and revenues from the company's chassis system, calculates the price of a single chassis system at around $900 to $1,000, with a planned yield of about 9.96 million in 2025.
The product continues to be targeted by clients. The company ibs, eps, air overhangs, heat management, etc., received one gas, Gilly, Cyrus, co-inventors, high co-ops, etc., and by the end of 2022, Tupou was added to the system.
The Topper Group has the capability to develop, manufacture and supply systems for key components of the system (ecu and electric machines, etc.). The whole production process is done with a level-a retroactive approach, and with full informatization, digital management and error-proof validation of the five production elements of the “human-power legal ring” is critical.
The Topper Air Suspended System has seven new targeted projects, which are expected to be produced in bulk over time in 2303. The Topper Group has the capability to develop, manufacture, and supply critical components and systems (including electrical control systems) for the air hangar.
In order to guarantee the quality of the product in all its aspects, the Top Group continues to implement the concept of a digital plant, the whole production process, a level-a retroactive and multi-parameter monitoring of the core processes, and multiple error-proof validations to ensure product highness, figure 17: Topop Group airborne components.
Looking forward to 23 years, we believe that the performance of the Tupou Group is positive for growth: Quantities: on 6 January Tesla announced a price reduction of US$ 2-50,000 for the national model of Model3/y, and successively announced price reductions in Japan, North America, etc., which are expected to boost sales; Tupou adopted the Tier 0.5 level cooperation model.
(c) Price: Multi-product purchases are expected to become a trend based on efficiency and cost-saving considerations.
(a) Global platform advantages are expected to be realized on a continuous basis, raising the amount of the bicycle package; and near-accompaniment capacity (Gong Qing Light Quantified Deck Factory Appliance; Angé County Production Capables with Biadi, Ui);
The continued realization of the multiplier-scale effect, and the gradual deployment of automobile electronics and the self-control of the core components of corporate products, are expected to build on the profitability of the Topping Group. Based on mature customers like Gilley, General, and others, new forces such as Tesla benefit from the “Tesra industry.”
Given the rapid penetration of new energy vehicles, competition in domestic parts markets and the growing drama, companies are actively planning for future production capabilities that will help to secure their own supply-chain leadership.
The analysis logic is based on the author's professional understanding, seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and free of any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.