Topper Group (601689.sh) Business retries and perspectives of platform car parts Modular suppliers with scarcer space plates. Topper Group is a platform-based product built around the vehicle chassis.
The system’s suppliers, including earthquake-mitigation, interiors, chassis systems, heat management, car electronics, etc., are home-based, covering mainstream mainframe plants around the world. Net profits of $1.7 billion (forecast hub) are projected for 22 years, compared to 67%.
Nine major products (one-stopping value of $30,000) are expected to increase performance step by step, triggering the re-engineering and upgrading of platformed system-level suppliers: earthquake mitigation, stabilization gains in interior operations (first step) (108 per cent revenue growth in the third quarter) and heat management (second step) are Takupo core assets, representing an increase in current performance.
The 52-week maximum/minimum price key support: also the ibs, pss, empty suspensions, cabins, robotic implementers, etc., based on the extension of power control, software, precision manufacturing, etc., are well advanced to build new power for future growth.
Client breakthroughs: Quality customer structure guarantees certainty of performance growth. The ability to bind clients is one of the core competencies of the zero-sum provider.
Following on from the advantages of platform-based supply + timely response + positive development, the client structure continues to achieve key breakthroughs, resulting in a new energy brand (Texra, New Forces, King Kong, Riveran, etc.) and an autonomous model that leads to deeper cooperation under new changes in the division of labour in the industry, with a certain growth in Tupoo performance.
Manufacturing upgrades: expansion of production capacity with intelligent manufacturing and boosting profitability. Production energy (response) and quality (quality) resonance: 1) expansion of production capacity: around industrial clusters, in Ningbo (the former Gulf, 2600 acres, the most important production site), Chongqing, Wuhan, etc., expansion of production; Poland, Mexico plant radiation consumers in Europe and North America; 2)
Tuppet Group (601689.sh) - Client Dock Added Product Line Push, 2022 Net Smart Manufacturing: Advancing Digital Construction and Mes Management Systems, Towards Quality Control + Product Retroactivity + Explicit Production
+Maximical controls, such as equipment management. As the global productivity climbs to catalyze marginal costs and intelligence, the Top Group (601689.sh) - profitability increases, net profits are gradually being realized over the next three quarters, and Tupou is expected to continuously release business leverage and increase profitability.
Top Group (601689.sh) - Rapid growth of product lines, third-quarter net profit with Top Group (601689.sh) - Multi-product-driven performance growth, second-quarter net profit forecast and valuation: “buy-in” rating of Tesla's core product chain
Corporate performance elasticity comes from the steady release of high-quality clients and the continuous production of new products, and we have a small adjustment for profit.
New energy vehicles generate a number of new/upgraded system-level products and technology needs, such as new three-power systems, light-quantified components, intelligent systems, and complicated heat management systems, as the overall electrical structure and tectonic properties differ considerably from fuel vehicles. For auto parts and components enterprises, prices (products) and sales (clients)
It is a central determinant of income, mainly by track patterns, spatial elasticity and client growth, solidity; profitability depends mainly on management of business, technology research and development, scale effects, cost control, etc. From a product perspective, the BMZ can be broadly divided into two categories, one focused on one product category, highly focused on + threshold manufacturing, and so on.
The logic of the market share of product asp+, such as glossy glass (global city share 33 per cent plus); the other type is a variety of advantages that continues to expand horizontally, creating multi-system platforms such as the Tupou Group (nine product lines): any type of company, choosing the track from the parts enterprise (corporate strategy), the customer structure (part parts enterprise core)
One of the three dimensions of deep decomposition analysis, such as competitiveness, manufacturing capacity (energy expansion/automated level), is key to the study of auto parts and components enterprises, such as the Topu Group. At the core: the larger context of accelerated penetration of new energy vehicles, product matrix expansion (price increases) and targeting of customers
Volume (increase) drives the company's performance on a continuous upwards basis The central underpinning of the price of net profit = price (mono value) x sales (accompanied customer sales) x profit margins (profit capacity) is the advantage of platform-type companies.
Starter (initially worth less than $3,000 per bicycle), building on the experience gained from efficient R & D efficiency and client cooperation, gradually expanding to light-quantified chassis, vp etc. (by 2020, the value of one-car kit was raised to $15,000) followed by rapid R & D of products such as heat management, airborne, ibs, cabins, etc.
Landing (up to 22H1, with a maximum of $30,000 per bicycle package), creating a platformed supply system for nine products, giving the mainframe more procurement options; 2) Demand-side: Multi-product purchases in the same supplier are expected to become a trend in this context, based on efficiency + downfall considerations
The core support is a high-quality customer matrix. The ability to bind a client is one of the core competencies of the steaming enterprise.
Structure, by 2017-2019, the number of autonomous clients (over 30 per cent); follow-up platform + timely response + positive development, among other advantages, and client groups continue to break through, creating a client matrix of new energy brands (Texla, New Forces, Kinkang, Rivian, etc.) and autonomous brands (Byadi, Gilli, I, etc.).
Topper is also building a factory around clients to achieve near supply: Poland, Mexico, with Euro-American customers, Chongqing, with Sylis, Angé, with Biadi, and further cooperation with clients such as Ideas, with long-term performance assurance for high-quality, stable customer structures.
Core support from cost-control capacity realization + product scarcity + core components self-made + new business release: 1) cost-control capacity realization: business release increases capacity utilization and scale effects are expected to continue on a continuous basis
(ii) Product scarcity: market supply and demand patterns and product scarcity are at the core of product pricing, the division has a global leading lightly quantified bottom plate layout, multi-grade + capacity + process full quality, such as aluminium by-products
At the end of the year, Tupou was able to obtain 16 fixed points for the system, 7 empty suspension points, a build-up of class products, and a rapid increase in profits from the electronics of the vehicle from 23 years onwards; 4) home-made core components: the public gradually enriched the core components of the product with their own capacity, with core components (e.g. heat management growth valves, etc.)
The achievement of home-grown production is expected to increase the relevant business Māori rate. Figure 4: Construction plants around management of IT+Automated+tps Toolization, Figure 5: Trends in linear technology development
The total share price of the Resumer may be divided into three broad segments: the start-up, the adjustment, and the expansion of the multi-producer layout of the Top Group + the big customer strategy, which increases the value of the bicycle package + the amount of the customer’s exposure to drive profits.
(1) Initiation and start-up (until 2016): Second round of fuel vehicle acquisition tax reductions to boost the industrial landscape, facilitated by the catalyticization of high-volume product cycles, such as universal, gyli, smooth performance and build-up of the customer base. (2) Adjustment and accumulation (2016-2019): this phase is characterized by a slowdown in macroeconomic growth, acquisition tax reviews, etc.
At this stage, Tupou has focused on (1) customer restructuring, expanding growth-oriented customers, (2) increasing product development layouts (ibs+evp, etc.) and putting pressure on overall performance and stock price performance. (3) Expansion and upswing (since 2020): the country’s new energy vehicle market has erupted, and Top has captured Tesraq.
In recent years, companies’ high-barrel product expansion (x-y-z chassis) and high-profit business delivery (lightly quantified, interior, heat management, etc.) have been combined, adding customers to each other’s continuous breakthroughs, catalytic definition of re-engineering (single-component platforming), with a market value of more than $100 billion in July 2022.
Company profile: Platformed vendor with 40-carrying deep-farming steam, modular supplier with precision to locate multi-protocol track, focused on nearly 40-carrying, modular supplier with precision to locate multi-protocol track in the country. Top Group (601689)
Established in 1983 and placed on the market in 2015 for research and development in the areas of motor chassis systems, apparel systems, smart driving control systems, with leading R&D techniques plus manufacturing levels plus quality management plus global supply capacity, Topper has established good cooperation with a number of domestic and international mainframes and has developed multi-type subsystems.
Matching design with automobiles, synchronized design and development. R & D. R & D. Approximately $15.8 billion, or 38%, was collected in 2022, and as of 21 March 23, the Tupou Group had a market value of $61.1 billion.
The “2+3+n” collection structure is helping to grow steadily. Tophu collects 11.44 billion yuan in 21 years, i.e. 75.7% of the year. Its medium soundproofing products (33%) and shock absorbers (30%) are the company’s basic business, and its light-quantified chassis (as a client) is expected to grow to the same business growth point as the light-quantified chassis, and car electronics (2%) are expected to grow.
Construction of eight major systems around the chassis system, smooth operation of the robotic implementer, and continuous progress on the platform construction. The company built a car ' s chassis system around the chassis, internal and external accoutrements, light weight quantification, smart cabins, thermal management systems, chassis systems, airborne systems, smart driving systems with a total of eight business plates, extending over 22 years.
(a) Seismic Reliever/Intra-Services: steady growth with platformed advantage, solid support for corporate performance; (b) Underboard system: a global leader in light-quantified bottom-plate layout, sustained fund-raising to build up a solid advantage that will generate an annual supply capacity of 6 million units; (c) heat management: one gas, one gas, for a 21-year new outreach category
Vehicle-related orders for major North American clients, spare parts for heat pumps, are progressing well; 4) Automobile electronic business: transmission poles and ibs projects are progressing well, with successive fixes; 5) airlocks: as of 22 years, Tupou had seven new airborne suspension systems; official slots, expected to be batches of 2303; 6) smart cabins: expected electrical tailings, switch controllers, etc.
Adding new income gains; 7) Integrated pressure casting: February 22 22 22, 7200t integrated super-voltage ultimatum ultimatum production successfully de-lined; 8) Robot executors: including components such as electric machines, power control and speed-reducing institutions, company samples accepted by clients; platforming, modularization strategy driven by a growing value of client bicycles and
Clients are global, traditional, innovative, and integrated. Thanks to the effective implementation of development strategies and the construction of a new Tier 0.5 supply chain model, corporate market expansion has continued to grow, with major clients now engaged.
Intra- and foreign-owned car companies: Ford, gm, BMW, etc.; 2) Smart electric car companies: Tesla, Rivian, new domestic forces, etc., and technology enterprises such as Hua and Mi; 3) System integration suppliers such as Fugia, Ceefu, etc. Clients’ use + production line expansion drive, with the Top Group’s high-speed growth corridor.
Cagr, 49.3 per cent, benefited from platform-based strategy advancement, with light-quantified chassis and car electronics lines gradually entering the harvest period and contributing to performance; 2) continued implementation of the to.5 level model, deepening strategic partnerships with clients, continuous upgrading of the unit, 3) forward-looking production capacity, meeting market demand, helping clients to address production bottlenecks, companies
Aluminium prices have fallen; 3) In the context of continued client lending, profitability has continued to grow: if the sales/management/financial costs of the company are expected to be lower in terms of income and profits, the cost controls are strong. Companies have cost rates for sales in the first three quarters of 2022, -0.09 pct, +0.37 pct, -0.50 pct. Overall, Tupoo cost controls have worked well.
Figure 17: The Māori rate and net interest rate of a single quarter of a company is firmly on track to a development strategy for R&D. Tophu continues to invest in system building, talent acquisition, experimental capacity, etc. 1) R&D investment is maintained at about 5% per year; 2) in North America, Europe, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Ningbo, etc.
(a) Establishment of local research and development centres, with nearly 2,000 scientific teams comprising more than 200 masters and doctorates; as of 2203, the company had 5930 R & D workers, or 34 per cent; and) establishment of pilot centres with material, product, system and vehicle-level testing and validation capabilities, certified through the Iso/iec17025 of cnas;
More car factory-size experiments have been handed over to the company. Building on research and development capabilities, the company is continuing to expand its product lines, raise the value of its bicycle packages, and provide security for clients to the level of service.
As of 22 q3, the top 10 shareholders in the company held 69.6% of the shares, and the founder of the Topper Group, the Chairman, Jianyu, made investments through Mako Hong Kong and Jing Yu (Mekko Hong Kong All-China, Hong Kong).
A total of 64.09% of Tupou shares are owned by the Tupou Group. The high concentration of equity is in the original, which facilitates the successful implementation of major decision-making decisions. It is Tupou’s own strategy (platformization, light-quantitative bottom layout), management’s average age is less than 50 years, and pay treatment is attractive.
Topau or subsidiary has a longer-term career experience, a high degree of acceptance of corporate values and development strategies; average management age of 47.6 years, full of energy and energy, guaranteeing the long-term viability and growth of the company; and higher remuneration for the corporate hierarchy, with management remuneration totalling $1.556 million in 2021, with an average remuneration of 1.2 million yuan per year.
With regard to the management structure, Tupou is working at the group level, and currently has three departments that can effectively reduce management pressure, focus on the operations under their purview, improve operational efficiency and create relative competition; and 2) horizontal flattening at the enterprise level, with sales at the forefront.
Management model to ensure that the organization is market-oriented, pooling of resources, rapid response; 3) Pyramid organization at the business module level to strictly enforce process standards, increase efficiency and reduce costs.
Core: The multi-dimensional product matrix guarantees performance growth + certainty, and promotes Tupou's remodelling and upgrading from "single-partner" to "platform system-level suppliers." Tupou builds nine matrixes around the bottom plate (with a single vehicle package value of $30,000), which we believe can be divided into roughly three categories according to the order in which the product contributed.
(a) Step 1: Detonation + Internal and External Emblems to Create Growth Grounds to provide performance for Tupou follow-up research and development (Base 2: 2) Step 2: Light Quantified chassis + heat management system is the most certain and growthable guarantee of the company's current performance and the core driver of growth in the company's performance; (c) Step 3: Capacity build-up based on power control, software, machinery, etc.
The extended line control chassis, the airlock, the projected gradual release of smart cabin plates over 23 years, and the follow-up robotics operation, are expected to be a completely new growth dynamic for the company, helping Litupou to open a new path in the intelligent track.
1) Seismic products: The process of vulcanization, pre-assembly treatment, coating, etc. during the development of rubber shock products is basically the same. Rubber formulation design and smelting processes are essential for the glue characteristics of rubber (deciding on the shock-resilient properties)
Formula design and smelting processes are critical. Seismic absorbers are typically made of metal embedded and rubber vulcanized and assembled with other metallic structural elements; capricious seismic products include total power bearings, electromechanical decompositioners, tube reduction supports, twisters, sub-carriers, hydraulic linings, etc., with an average cost of $460 per unit for 22q1.
Adornment system (soundproof noise): The interior feature products are typically processed from base and fabrics, primarily for sound insulation and insulation. A common bicycle requires two sets of interiors (one set of interiors, one set of outdoors), including roofs, main carpets, caps, etc., and the outside parts include sound insulation, trunk insulation, etc.
Topping products include top sheds, main carpets, caps, insulations, noise-reducing products such as soundproofs, suitcases, and accessories such as seals, decorations, with an average price of $809 for 22 years for a single set of q1.
The sound insulation in front, the comfort of the ride, the safety and comfort of the crew.
Emblem features, functional components such as curtains and horn covers, etc. Clothe racks installed on the gold surface of the luggage compartment, with sound insulation, noise reduction, noxiousness, etc.
The odourless furries, fibres, etc., are used to segregate or decomposition engines and heat and noise outside the vehicle to the interior, improve safety and comfort, and provide an important basis for the company’s follow-on product to expand and drive the Tier 0.5 model.
According to data from the Chinese Auto-Industries Association, companies ranked first in the domestic market in 2020 and third in the global market. Stable gains lay the foundation for business expansion.
In this context, the Top Group maintained a relatively high Māori ratio by increasing customer stickyness through co-development with the mainframe plant, high unit prices for new car entry, large-scale procurement, improved process to reduce waste of information. The combined collection of shock absorbers plus interior and interior adornment operations in 2021 was nearly 60% of the total, guaranteed to the public.
The Division has sufficient capacity and space to do other business well. Close collaboration with the mainframe plant to develop simultaneous R & D capabilities.
One of the suppliers of spare parts in Nvh is also an autonomous branded car parts manufacturing enterprise that entered the global system for the purchase of spare parts for the entire vehicle.
Second step (pillar): Light Quantified bottom plate layout is a global leader, and heat management operations are expected to hold the light Quantified bottom plate, which is the core strategic layer of Topum. Light Quantified is the inevitable trend in the rapid development of new energy vehicles.
The price of fuel for the year 2025 is 4l/100km and the actual value for the year 2019 is 5.7l/100km, and the policy pushes down the mainframe plant to speed up the light and quantitative layout; 2) the data show that the full weight of a pure electric car is reduced by 100 kg.
Annual preparation quality decreased to 65 per cent on a 2015 basis. Figure 28: We have a target reduction in vehicle preparation quality. Figure 29: Summary of lightly quantified advantages of automobiles
A lightly quantified chassis is a useful and important idea to achieve weight reduction in the vehicle as a whole. The proportion of chassis in the total weight of cars is relatively high (an average of 20-30%). The chassis system is typically made of metal, such as steel, aluminium, and is a vehicle that supports body, motivation and equipment, undertakes diversions, brakes, drives, etc., and carries nearly 70% of the total mass of cars.
For cars, the effect is about a reduction of 5-10 kg in spring quality for every 1kg reduction in spring quality (the quality of body parts has far less than the bottom of fuel consumption and manoeuvring performance as a result of the spring buffer shock), especially in automobiles with accelerated performance, stability and manipulation performance.
On the chassis, the benefits in terms of fuel consumption/electricity, manipulation, etc. are much higher than those in the body parts. Based on a combination of material intensity, hardness, corrosivity and cost, aluminium alloy materials are now commonly used as the preferred oem light quantification strategy. In 2009, the Jaguar xj and xk models were converted to full aluminium, followed by BMW and Ben.
Luxury brands, such as Stig, Porsche, and Lugger, have been replicated, and the overall trend now is that car aluminium alloys are being infiltrated from the luxury car to the normal car. Duckerworldwide predicts that car bicycles will increase from 148 kg to about 250 kg in 2025, with the overall penetration rate rising from 1.4% to 27% in 2025, with an estimate of 25 years.
The demand for our car is expected to reach 6-7 million tons of aluminium. Topper has built up the most complete strategic layout of light quantitative processes in China and the world.
In keeping with the trend of forward-looking research and development, there is a continuous expansion of the product categories around the light-quantified chassis module products. The company has been implementing a light-quantized hang-out project since 2003, where team-building, core technology and property rights have accumulated. 17 years of acquisition of the Fodo Na sub-scene business, further refinement of the chassis system product line, and formation of the "aluminium alloys + high-intensity steel" layout.
Synergy has increased significantly in recent years. Tupou has developed light-quantitative system-level design, validation and production capabilities, including products such as pre/post-back sub-screets, control arm, pull-ups, turnovers, structures, etc., that have been produced in quantities, covering the chassis system, total power structures, battery packages, body structures and heat management valves.
Figure 32: Top Group Light Quantified Deck Product Richness Figure 33: Light Alloy Processing Programs Compare Strength I (manufacturing process complete): One-stop Quantified Solutions
The company is a global minority of parts and components with independently developed chassis system modules, mastering the core process of high-strength steel and light alloys, and establishing four one-stop lightly quantified solutions for optimized +6 processes + 10 product lines: *4 optimizations: structure optimization, materials optimization, process optimization, configuration optimization;
(a) Six main processes: high-pressure casting, vacuum casting, low-pressure casting, differential-pressure casting, crushing casting, exercise, etc.;
In the case of aluminium alloy materials, it is not limited to the application of materials on the market, it is also designed to optimize the development of specific materials and form a uniquely light quantitative material. It is also developed in cooperation with university scientific institutions.
Heat-free treatment of aluminium alloy materials, high intensity, high extension material. Topou has the full process capability of light alloys required for chassis and car parts, covering high-pressure casting, vacuum casting, low-pressure casting, differential casting, squeeze casting, exercise, etc., and provides a complete supply of suitable solutions for the client to select +
Under the different processes, the product wall thickness is designed to be wide enough to achieve full coverage from 100 pa to 350 pa, with extension rates ranging from 2% to 12%. On the basis of the above, Topper can provide customized services to clients and recommend the most appropriate light-quantifiable processes for the use of scenarios and performance requirements.
Strength three (strategic scale-up): A continuous build-up to meet the age of electric vehicles, a continuous roll-out of electric vehicles + internal penetration triggers light quantitative chassis demand, and an expected 2025 youth quantitative shift to controlled arm-making + sub-scree space of $30 billion. A light-quantified chassis system for upgrading new energy vehicles is expected to continue.
Process, comfort, manipulation are all positive, and applications are expected to deepen throughout the vehicle, especially in new energy vehicles. Assuming that we sell 2,482,000 vehicles by car in 2025, the penetration rate at the end assumes that aluminium alloys are diverted to Conservative/Consumption Arm/Standar, with a single vehicle value of $400/800/3,000, respectively, and assumes that
In 2025, we measured a light-quantified shift to the market empty of the section/control arm/scaffle with a full range of barriers from planning to production to marketing. At the end of production: light-quantified, the bottom line has higher requirements for plant height, tonnage, ground-based thickness, and cannot enter by retrofitting old plant buildings.
At the end of the supply: the new energy vehicle has a short research and development cycle, compared to the conventional fuel tankers.
The rapid increase in the volume of shipments, the supply capacity of the whole factory for the integration programme of the bottom plate parts supplier + joint R & D are generally more demanding and require suppliers to have sufficient production capacity to match the rapid growth in the volume of production and sales of the downstream garage and the qstp requirements of the global procurement system of the multinational car factory.
A sustained expansion of production-assurance orders is stable. With the prospect of a light and quantitative bottom-plate market, and based on the production plan guidance provided by the current mainframe plant, Tophu will need approximately 5 million units/year and 6.5 million units/years of complementary capacity in 22 and 23 years.
In this context, the company continues to expand its capacity, issuing a continuing debt-transferable plus capacity in 2022 (4.8 million lightly quantified chassis system products per year), according to which the price of a single chassis system is approximately $900 to 1,000 yuan, and according to the plan, 9.96 million units in 2025.
Assuming that it is fully operational and delivered for sale, the rough calculation of the counterpart revenue is about $9 billion (2021 TPP has a combined advantage in the global market for light-quantified chassis. Tupou’s light-quantified chassis business in the country is dominated by competitions such as Burtley, Shindeka, and overseas rivals such as zf, brembo, Magna, and Chasssix.
Businesses, etc. The whole of Up-to-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up-up.
Building the strategic layout of China and the world ' s leading light-quantified processes: 1) product ends cover light-quantified transformations, controls, arms racks, poles, battery packs, etc.; 2) energy ends plan thousands of acres to build production capacity, with a potential of up to 10 million layouts over 25 years; 3) process ends deep-deep high-pressure casting, vacuum casting, low-pressure casting, differential-pressure construction, etc.
Founding, squeezed casting, exercise, etc., with timely response + synchronous development capability; 4) client tied Tesla, new forces, Biadi, etc., to ensure that orders were fully digested.
Tesla created the first river of pressure, which is the dominant driver of the main plant plus the spare parts manufacturer. In September 20, Modely followed the floor with a single casting technique, combining more than 70 parts of the model3 backboard with two large pieces of the modely and reducing the number of welding points from about 700 to 800 to 50.
In this context, the mainframe plant and the parts industry have a variety of configurations, for example, when a body pressure casting process was announced at the launch of the ET5 in December last year, et5 will use a combination of super-high-strength steel aluminium, reducing the weight of the floor behind the vehicle by 30%.
In addition, Volvo, Ping, Gao, Benz and spare parts manufacturers such as Guangdong Hungtu, Wen Chan shares, Ekodi, etc., are in the field of a single cast.
Figure 39: Integrated casting techniques. Top Group in the area of integrated casting, with 7200t integrated super-volturing, with the successful production of bulk production. Integration casting has a significant advantage in light-quantitative effects, production efficiency, and processing quality.
In February 22, Tupou built four-stage plants in Hangzhou Bay, with a successful delineation ceremony for the production of a 7200t integrated super-pressurized foundry. The structure of the 7200t condenser is about 1,700 mm long.
1,500 mm, with a 15-20% reduction effect. In material terms, the Topper Group, in cooperation with China and Shanghai, co-published a high-strength techcastTM-resilient aluminum alloy treatment material, which is avoidable in relation to traditional aluminium alloys.
In terms of equipment, the 7200-t-calculator introduced by the Topper Group is the country’s first to be used.
Tons, 10 4,500 tons and 5 2,000 tons of crushing equipment for the production of super-large structures for new-energy vehicles, such as the front cabin, back-carrying and battery casings.
The operation integrates dozens of components into one, with a single casting and no longer required welding process, a significant reduction in complexity, a 15-20% reduction effect and a one-third reduction in the development cycle.
The new energy car heat management system is complicated, releasing incremental components. The conventional fuel engine has sufficient residual heat, the heat management system is relatively simple. The complexity of the new energy car heat management system has increased significantly, including the whole vehicle air conditioning refrigeration system and heat system (ptc/heat pump), and the full addition of the battery heat management system (wind/dry/dry)
Direct cooling, power-driven and electro-power cooling (liquid cooling/independent heat exchange) and phev-type hair, motor and transmission tank cooling systems.  Traditional car heat management = power system heat management (engine, transformer) + cockpit air conditioning system:
New energy car heat management = battery heat management + car air conditioning systems + power cooling systems + phev power systems (engine, transformer boxes); Technology upgrades drive technological innovation to bring new markets to blue sea and release incremental space. New energy car heat management system
Additional coolers, battery coolers, electro-water pumps, electro-inflated valves, ptc heaters or heat multipliers in conventional vehicles, with some high-package heat management systems with a single vehicle value of up to $9,000; battery heat management based on transmission; media can be divided into wind cool (economic but inefficient, mainly for small vehicles), liquid cold and straight cold.
Potential trends: Electric compressors in air conditioning heat management (value increased from 300-400 to 1500-1600 from general compressors), heat pump technology (upgrade from ptc heater to heat pump air conditioning systems), refrigerant (co_2, r1234yf expected to account for a certain share) as a key link; cooling and liquid in electric power-driven systems
In 25 years, our space is expected to be more than $50 billion. Driven by the need for continuity and energy consumption, the heat management system has gradually evolved into the design, interaction, and synergy of sub-thermal systems.
Control, from stand-alone modules to systems engineering upgrades, to integrated heat management systems with lower energy consumption, wider work-temperature areas, lower cost, and more compact structures becomes a trend. While integrating improved heat management performance in whole vehicles, further energy conservation and cost reduction are key elements of the industrialization of advanced thermal management technologies.
The heat management system has been upgraded to measure that our new energy-borne thermal management system space is expected to exceed $50 billion in 25 years. Figure 46: The country’s new energy-based car-heating market space forecast (billion dollars) and the rate of increase.
Hanang, Mahler and others, with their accumulated technical and customer advantages in the area of auto air conditioning, pre-positioned electric car heaters, dominated the supply of primary system integration; some domestic manufacturers, such as triflowers, silver wheels, based on niche monoliths (valves, pumps, piped products), mastered key technologies for core parts and components and responded to them.
Capabilities + cost advantages + quality levels + advantages such as near-package + high-quality mainframe plants or leading Tier1, gradually breaking the foreign monopoly pattern, and gradually developing local modules or systems integration capabilities to become system-level suppliers. Electricity control and precision manufacturing capabilities based on Toputoibs, lateral expansion to develop thermal management systems, are being developed.
Successfully developed products such as heat pump aggregates, electro-inflated valves, electro-water valves, electro-pumps, gas separators, heat exchangers, etc. to deliver first-generation products to a customer bulk. Corporate advantage lies in overall programme development, system integration, software control, etc. Second-generation products have been developed to provide water side, side-species.
Some of the integration programmes can also provide a highly integrated programme that effectively meets the different needs of clients. Products can be widely applied to all clients except a client and are now being approached with multiple clients. The Māori rate of the thermal management system is expected to increase with the volume of products such as the electronic expansion valves in the Department.
Figure 47: Torup Group Heat Management Business Operating Income (millions of dollars) and Māori Rates Figure 48: Tupoo Group Heat Pumps Total 3 (New Nuclears): Layout Line Underboard + Smart Rotation + Robots, Automobile Electronic Accumulation
Nationally produced replacements + subsided double main lines, where air suspensions are expected to contribute additional amounts, have many advantages over traditional air suspensions. Air supply systems (air pressurers, air storage tanks, distribution valves), control units, (high speed, velocity) sensors, air springs, tremors, and air hoses/
The spring elasticity factor (soft and hard) can be automatically adjusted according to demand and instructions: depending on the condition of the road and the distance sensor signal, ecu will determine the changes in the car's body movement, control the air compressor and exhaust valves and allow the spring to automatically compress or extend, thereby reducing or increasing the gap between the ground floors in order to increase the stability or complexity of the high-speed vehicle.
The air hangers are traditionally high-end vehicle models, driven by nationalized +-scale precipitation, and air overflow rates are certain. The traditional vehicle age hangers are high-end models, multi-packed with luxury items such as bba, Porsche, etc.
With the development of new energy at the higher end of the country and with the emergence of new forces, the skyscrapers tend to be the main product of the increase, and with the increasing research and development and manufacturing capabilities of national producers, it is expected to drive up the cost of the skyscrapers and the use of the vehicles.
Future space-suspension-type assembly prices are expected to continue to be explored; commercial vehicles are subject to mandatory installation requirements and are expected to remain vacant (Technical Conditions for the Safety of Motor Vehicle Operation: Backaxis of Dangerous Goods Carrier from 2020 with a total mass of ~12,000 kg, all trailers for the transport of dangerous goods, and three-axis panel, warehousing semi-carrying)
In 2018, we're going to be able to find out what's going on. In 2018, we're going to be able to find out what's going on here. In 2018, we're going to be able to find out what's going on.
Market space: the total currently vacant passenger vehicle vehicle value is around $80-10,000, assuming that with the supply chain, the country will increase its vehicle crash penetration rate to 10-15% in the year to 2025.
Space is expected to reach $20.9 billion, of which the air supply units/springs/shocks of the three core components are vacant, and market space is expected to reach $4.271.4 billion, respectively. The technological barriers are high, and the traditional car age is monopolized by overseas manufacturers.
Parts and components are subject to costly and time-consuming vehicle-type fit-out development with high technical thresholds. For example, core implementation parts are empty springs, which require higher technological processes for durability, reliability, airbag thickness, air sensitivity, etc. From product design to rubber formulations, to formation and assembly, which have been more difficult for a long time.
Foreign suppliers have a monopoly. Suppliers represented by the mainland and Wilbucks have a more comprehensive supply system of springs, ecu, tremors, etc.
National producers compete for a share of low-cost + rapid response advantages. Domestic car firms, driven by a drop-off, gradually have 1) split the total hardware component into separate extractions, leading to their own integration; 2) both approaches to the total purchase of a direct sky-scratch, both of which, in essence, provide an opportunity for a single-point breakthrough by an empty domestic component supplier.
National producers such as Paul S.T., Chinan shares, Tupou Group, and the Tianjin industry are gradually moving toward production and matching capacity for air-scarce components or aggregates. It is hoped that the process of substitution will gradually accelerate with low-cost + rapid response + short development cycles, among other advantages.
In 2021, Tupou marched into the air hangar area, with a major supply of airborne totals. Building on the built-up of machinery, electrical controls, software capabilities and chassis adjustment capabilities, combined with years of accumulation in rubber and vacuum pumps, the company quickly developed an air-scarce system project over 21 years, including integrated air units, air springs, high-levels, etc., in the process of research and development in ibs.
By 22 years, Tupou had seven new empty system formal fixes, which are expected to continue in 2023q3. Tupou has integrated design, research, and development, and integrated capacity in the field of air holds. November 2021
The Topper Group air hangar system, which is made up of 60,000 square metres of land and 80,000 square metres of building space, has invested about $600 million in production in June 2022, enabling the delivery of an annual production of 2 million air suspensions, with a complement of half a million vehicles per year.
+ Digital plant technology to achieve smart assembly and smart testing. Building on the experience with the development of a rich rubber shock-relief system and electrical control parts, Topper has formalized the design development, testing, manufacturing and supply capabilities of the air hangar system (with electrical control systems) and key components.
The Tupou Aeronautic System has the following advantages: A single chamber (single cavity) technology is achieved on an empty spring, along with multi-blank (multi-crytic) technology. A multi-blank air spring is used to control part of the air chamber switch by switching the electromagnetic valve and providing multiple slobs to cope with the problem.
In the same way, the entire vehicle is more stable (by turning, with a smaller and more secure angle on the side of the line) and, on the basis of the accumulated capabilities of ibs and vp, the Tuppet achieves integrated air supply units (pumps, distribution valves, eccu integration), with a more visible space configuration, reduced energy consumption, reduced cost, and increased response time.
Figure 55: Top Group air hangar products cut into intelligent track, where wire control is expected to contribute incrementally. Smart electric cars have three main elements: energy, motion and interaction, motion, two-dimensional plane upwards, core.
Line control is a core product of vertical motion control, which is expected to be mainstreamed into the adas implementation layer. Line control has the following advantages: energy recovery: wire control replaces vacuum power with electronic power, solves the lack of a stable vacuum source for new energy vehicles, and provides energy recovery functions;
Quick: traditional brake system response time of approximately 300-500 ms, ibooster 2.0 response time reduced to 120 ms; security redundancy: line control has a braking system (e.g., esp) that provides redundancy and is capable of meeting high-level intelligent driving redundancies; trends are met: new e/e architecture and high-level intelligent driving
The technological development of auto brakes can be divided into three stages: 1) mechanical brakes: powered by mechanical devices; 2) pressure brakes: brakes by aiders (e.g. vacuum boosters), through brake fluids or gasses
Pressure, this phase is also integrated into abs (baking anti-capture system), esc (electronic stability control system for the body) etc. to enhance safety; 3) line control: shifting from vacuum aid to electric power (server + aid drive agency + brake board trip sensor +ecu) to simulate generator replacement of old brake pedals to accept brake intent.
Generates, transmits the brake signal to the control and executing agency and simulates the feedback to the driver according to a certain algorithm. The brake signal can be generated from the pedal, and the pedal-trip sensor measures the movement signal to ecu, which calculates the brake request, or by ecu, which produces the braking demand on the basis of the scene itself.
The line control technology route is divided into ehb (current mainstream) +mb (future direction): ehb (electronic fluid suppression system) is composed of traditional hydraulic systems plus electronic control units (electronic sub-mechanical components), which are the current line control movement mainstream: 1) stand-off valves under normal working condition
Closed, ecu uses sensors to determine the driver's braking intent to drive a hydraulic pump brake; 2) the electronic system opens a back-up valve when it fails, and the traditional liquid suppression system works.
Emb (electronic mechanical brake system) produces power from a power-driven brake for the purpose of fully meaningful line control, displacing brake fluids from traditional brake systems and hydraulic pipes. Emb is a long-term trend in wire control technology and is still in the early stages of development. Emb integrates other power control systems with multiple functions and reacts.
Sensitivity (about 90ms), energy recovery efficiency. However, due to short-term technological breakthroughs and safety problems, it is still active at the beginning of the exhibition: 1) the brake power is insufficient: the rim space limits the capacity of the power unit, the power power is not enough to satisfy the brakes, 2) the temperature limits: the permanence of the magnetic material (space limits can only be used with the permanence magnetator) is high at the temperature (brake clips attached)
(c) Security hazards: no traditional hydraulic system back-up, with a certain security risk.
Figure 60: Structure of the principles of the emb system The ehb is divided into one-box and two-box technical options according to whether or not to integrate esc, abs, etc.; the pedal form of decoupling can be divided into complete and semi-module mode.
As a whole, the total is 34.6 per cent (200.5 per cent in 2021).
The future two-box technology programme is expected to gradually upgrade and switch to one-box and emb programmes.
Line control systems remove traditional aerodynamic, hydraulic and mechanical connections to sensors, ecu, implementing agencies compared to traditional brake systems, thus creating a range of new performance requirements and technical difficulties, such as sensor accuracy, pedal simulation, real-time communication between ecu, reliability and resistance of ecu hardware, control algorithms
Technologies such as reliability and fault tolerance, speed and reliability of implementing agencies, power power sources, fault control capabilities, etc., all constrain the application of wire control technologies and, in general, look at the high technical barriers to line control.
The conventional brake system clearly senses feedback from vacuum boosters and hydraulic systems (steppad sense). The traditional brake pedal feels adjusted on the basis of a brake sample selection, and every enterprise also has a sample-based pedal feeldna. The line control pedal feels adjusted from sample-based to zero-based design simulations.
The pedal simulation technology is broad, not limited to sample selections, and allows flexibility in designing and adjusting pedal curves. On the one hand, it can simulate the pedals of traditional brake systems and, on the other hand, it can adapt consumers to new pedals. It can even integrate brakes and pedals, creating new pedals entirely through electronic design and energy recovery.
The current event-based bus system will not be able to meet the new requirements, particularly its high speed, reliability, fault support, and real-time and certainty requirements for transmitting information. There are a number of bus standards, including time trigger protocols ttp, byteflight, and flexray.
Power supply technology ehb, which is provided by hydraulics because of the power rectangulation, has a well-designed 14v voltage that meets the requirements; the power power power required by the power rectangulation is increased by the power supply; the traditional 14v system does not meet the requirements; and the provision of adequate electrical security systems is key to solving the problem (some studies are currently focused on the 42v voltage system). To meet safety requirements, line control systems are required to use fault control techniques, including hardware redundancies and redundancy.
Error control technology, which provides backup to improve the system’s performance; and the method of dissipating redundancy, which improves the system’s performance by increasing the redundancy of the system mainly through the design controller’s software. In the case of electric power boosters, mechanical systems are required to back up when the power drive (overloading of the system and higher heat tolerance requirements) fails, and new power engines are required to power cars to transform motor energy into electrical storage while they build, while energy recovery extends the mileage of the ship, while reducing the consumption and heat decline of the basic brake system, etc.
Brake energy recovery plus braker life. The brake process takes into account the separate control of the wheel and the non-drive, the status of the battery soc, the real-time regulation of the recovery current and power, the ability to recover the power at different speeds, the driving condition of the vehicle, the stability of the whole brake and the feel of the brake board.
Abs, tcs, esc are active security control systems that involve a brake. For example, esc is currently widely applied, but its core technology remains in the hands of a few suppliers, and technical barriers to breaking through the esc matching and volume production have always existed in the country. Most of the domestic braking system suppliers supply basic brake systems.
Hydraulic control units, such as electromagnetic valves, design and production technology, esc control technology, chassis integrated control technology, and controlr technology, and esc evaluation methods are all key to the esc. The competitive pattern suggests that the line control motion system is now dominated by international Tier1 (96% of the cities in Bo, Mainland, Cerebau, etc.), with some overseas manufacturers pre-empting it.
The product, which was the oldest and most widely used, was produced by iipb in 2020 and spearheaded the domestic production of Biadihan; the mainland mkc1 produced in 2016, began to be oriented towards the Chinese market at the end of 2020, and the mkc2 currently designed for the purpose of autopilot at the level of 1.3 or higher has been introduced, using a multi-logical structure with two separate sub-regions.
Retrieval back-up models can be achieved; Aerobics can build, improve, and produce in 2018 through mergers and acquisitions of Sky and Wilbur technology. Domestic suppliers continue to be active, gradually breaking the foreign monopoly pattern.
On the basis of the annual delivery, which is currently on a multi-car fleet (over 20 vehicles are expected in 2022) and the first line control provider in the country to achieve scale bulk production and delivery, Burtley continues to develop wcbs 2.0 (with brake redundancy) while initiating pre-research work on emb; British creative wisdom covers esc/epbi,
t-booster, eps, adas, etc., which can provide full chain bottom line control products; hosting of the Bsc brake security control system at the start of the Biadi Dolphin e3.0 platform for the plant, which is compensated for the priority power mechanism + fluid suppression; and line control by the Wall ' s cars through the precision chassis and by two subsidiaries, respectively.
High-level smart-driving claims + domestic product suppliers break through, line-controlled kinetic penetration is expected to continue, and 25 of the antenna-controlled space is expected to reach $13.4 billion. Our wire-controlled market is still in its early stages, multiplying for 21 years.
In order to achieve a high degree of synergy with top-level perception + decision-making, requiring rapid response from executive + precision implementation, line control is one of the most critical components of the "control executive" and is the executive base of the current high-level intelligent driving.
Infiltration, compounding the continuing breakthroughs of national producers, line control and penetration rates are expected to continue to rise. Assuming line control, the country will be able to control the market space by using a line line to reach $13.4 billion a year.
Tupou has built 1.5 million smart, power-braking systems (ibs) in 16 years; Tupou has been able to produce 10,000 vehicles in March 22nd year (third generation product, one-box). Several projects have now been targeted for Jili and a red flag project.
Patents, millions of lines of software code, more than 2,500 cases of malfunctioning, more than 120 rack tests and 2.5 million long-lasting tests, through more than two years of constant temperature and winter live vehicle trials.
The main tank, the abs/esc hydraulic units are integrated (one-box) and the brake pedal decoupling, i.e. line control, is achieved by adding pedals, pedals, pedal simulators, main tank isolation electromagnetic valves. Motivated from three-phase straight flow without brushers and rollers, traditional brake support functions can be achieved and can be supported.
Fully equipped: ibs-pro integrated conventional abs/esc electromagnetic valves, which can achieve precise control of wheel tank pressure through electromagnetic valves, combined with an epb controller, to achieve control of stationary vehicle functions. ibs-pro for the three-nucleus 32-bit mcu domain controller, which can be integrated into oem third-party software, supporting acan awakening function, same
The technical indicators for ibs-pro products issued by the TPP Group are similar to those of the international giants. The TPP ibs-pro system has fast-pressure (150ms at 0-100 bar build time, pressure ~1 bar), high integration (system weight)
5.8 kg, similarly functional conventional brake systems 7.4kg, sensor sensitivity, rapid response of electromagnetic valves (less than 10ms), energy recovery (increase of 20% + mileage of electric vehicle renewal), excellent noise performance (average noise < 42db), pedal decoupling and feedback (repeated pedal sense, high consistency, deviation of less than 10%)
Point, the performance is basically at the same level as the t1-level manufacturer of the wire control system. The switch to the wire control, the layout of the power-moved tubes and the development. The switch to the line control system removes the mechanical connection between the wheel and the wheel and the signal moves to the transmission of information.
And control, with the advantages of saving space, quantifying, upgrading driving experience, and improving safety. With the technological build-up of software + electro-control + precision manufacturing in the ibs field, the top cut-in intelligence-to-systems eps business, the current product has entered the trial phase and started to spread to multiple mainframe plants.
Provide an ibs+eps integration solution that integrates ibs and eps through whole-of-the-car domain controllers and makes communication interfaces, performance matching, product calibration, etc., thereby significantly reducing the research and development workload of the mainframe plant.
The function requirements of the cabin are mainly for high-end vehicles, and the medium-end model will also be used for autopilots up to and above the level of demand for a smart cabin configuration. Topper captures market trends and user needs with precision, building on the experience of the development of feeder power integration components, and developing design, testing and development of a switch-to-pipe system (with an electrical control system) and key components.
Testing, manufacturing, and supplying power. Top-line conversion to tubes using electric modems can provide a maximum of 28 nm hand-tangular simulator output with an integrated modulator of 2 nm, 16.5:1 snail-reducing apparatus and redundant control devices, in addition to the basic four-way modem function.
A self-developed dentally assisted redundant electrical power transfer system to provide a full-line controlled transition system solution. Figure 69: Trends in line control systems
Smart seating system: A seat comfort system + an intellectual side door system + a screen controller, etc. A seat comfort system enables self-research, self-research, home-made, and other products such as hard and soft parts, seat massage hips, controllers, etc. has been ordered by multiple clients.
Multidisciplinary content such as mechanical + electron + control, with 1) soft, hardware self-research, 2) core parts autonomously developed (electromagnetic valves, air bags, air pumps, etc.), 3) custom-made hip-touch functions, 4) deployment (learning gas capsules, controllers, etc.) advantages.
The following are the key components that can cover most of the country's customer needs:
(b) The Tupninbo comfort system plant has been invested in advanced manufacturing facilities such as smt,fct, controller assembly, total automated assembly, intellectual storage, etc., with a capacity to produce half a million cars a year.
And to invest proactively in highly automated production line equipment, equipped with a large number of robotics, servers, etc. of production lines, designed for fine action, equipped with visual detection equipment to apply machine visual detection techniques, combined with advanced algorithms, to achieve a variety of detection, judgment, identification, measurement, etc., and to improve product manufacturing accuracy and quality.
Taku has developed and validated an intelligent side door system over two years to provide mature, intelligent side door solutions that make open doors more comfortable, efficient, safe, and enhance driving experience. Multi-project load-in-car validation has been completed, and several passenger households have worked together. Integrating intelligent drives, controllers, self-sucking locks, clips, radar sensors and human machines interact with each other.
Systems (face, gesture recognition, etc.), in which core drives and controllers are self-researched, self-made and enriched with batched electrical tailings systems, impending smart large screen-drive systems that enrich the electromechanical integration product lines: 1) drive: Immotional side door core parts, execute door openings, while retaining manual closings (and providing)
Manually assistive power; is controlled by remote control keys, brake boards, middle-control touch, mobile phones, gestures, face recognition, etc. When you recognize changes in slopes, voltage, temperature, etc., signals are given by the controller (in particular ~20% of the slopes), the drive adapts itself to the regulation, optimizing the locking of the door, consistency of angles, silence, etc.
2) Controls: Immotive side door brain, based on years of research and development and production tail control platform, incorporating side doors, slope recognition and radar detection systems, while also developing a new generation of controls to achieve side door control in different scenarios (e.g. slope suspension, impact protection, clamps, etc.); integrated inert unit imu controller, precision provision
Portal speed, acceleration and vehicle engineering; more accurate control strategy through software algorithms.
Topper has the necessary elements to integrate the line control chassis and the skateboard chassis. The skateboard chassis combines mechanical and electronic structures, allowing for separate research and development of the body and chassis, and considers the integration of electronic structures (power control systems) to achieve mechanical and electrical power in addition to sharing and standardizing interfaces with the traditional chassis.
Subcoupling, which facilitates the modularization of electrical beams, facilitates the complete independent control of the discharge body, with 1) lower cost and development cycle: 60-70 per cent of the skateboard chassis parts can be reused to facilitate the installation of different models on the same chassis platform, without the need for repeated development, significantly reducing the cost of vehicle construction and the development cycle. 2) easy access to vehicles.
(b) Tothum has a large global capacity for suspension, wire control, power-propelled transition, heat management, etc. for product lines and bottom-plate calibration, in response to trends and possible new patterns of vehicle construction in the overall e/e control structure and area control.
The first one has large-scale production experience with the core parts system of the skateboard chassis, with all the necessary elements of the integrated line control chassis and skateboard chassis, and provides a lightly quantified solution to the skateboard chassis from the parts level to the systems level.
The company is actively developing the robotics industry, and the sample has been approved by the client. The global workforce is estimated to be about 3.45 billion people, with a unit price of 250,000 dollars for artificial robots. If 11.6% of the workers are replaced by robots, the global market for human robots can reach 100 trillion degrees, and now houses such as Mi, Tesla, etc. are being laid out.
For example, the assembly configuration is as follows: 28 body executors + 11 hand freedoms + 2.3kwh + fully self-drive (fsd computer) +autopilot neural network technology, expected to be delivered for less than $20,000 over the next 2 to 5 years. The motor executor consists of components such as electric power, electrical control and deceleration agencies, which are the core of robots.
One of the components, the Toppod robotic implementer, the sample has been approved by the client, and colleagues are working on the layout of the robotic implementer at the Mexican factory, which is expected to be a new performance growth point in the future. Client breakthrough: a big customer strategy that continues to break through high growth.
Core: Using a big client strategy to continue to break through high-growth cars as a tactical target. Topps initially tied up the commons, gained experience in synchronizing research and development, gained a steady increase in performance in 15-16 years by taking advantage of the Gillian product cycle, and seized the Tesla country’s production opportunities into the fast track of performance, we think 1) Tesla used a strong product plus brand power plus manufacturing capacity.
At the bottom of the list, there will be growth in the next few years as new models are issued/refunded and capacity climbs; 2) New forces + technology enterprises + autonomous brands are expected to bring new additions to the next round of growth, adding new products to the Tuptim 0.5 model, which is constantly targeted by clients, and the medium- and long-term performance of the Tupps Group is certain.
From the beginning of Tupou was established in close cooperation with General Motors. From 2010 to 2013, it was the lead country in Shanghai, with 8.75% of domestic passenger cars in 2014; Tupupou had been common to Shanghai since its inception.
Good cooperation has been established, with Shanghai-wide revenues of 27.2 per cent, 25.5 per cent and 25.2 per cent, respectively, for 2012-2014, mainly for their accompanying shock relief (engine suspension, liners, etc.) and soundproofing products (head coverings, tires, left-and-right paneling, main carpets, etc.).
In 2001, Tupou co-ordinated research and development with Pan Asia (one of the six core global research and development institutions, which is primarily responsible for the development of generic interiors). Both use the Synchronization R & D + exclusive co-operation model: the Tupou Group synchronizes with the system or component level targets given to it.
R & D (reduce the R & D cycle, where successful R & D is generally available only to simultaneous R & D manufacturers). This model helps (1) to guarantee the stability of T & D sales; and (2) to upgrade the experience and capabilities of simultaneous R & D to lay the foundation for T & D follow-up operations and customer outreach.
This is an important long-term driver of performance. By 2015, Gill’s share in the domestic automobile market was only about 2%, with which Pittupu maintained close cooperation (about 7-10% of Tupou’s revenue from the sale of Jilli in 2012-2014): to adjust the dynamic product cycles brought about by the core business with Gilly: 2016 Boear, Tihaugs,
Vision suv is on the market, with Gilly Group increasing its monthly sales from 40,000 to 100,000 at the end of 16: 17q4 hectares were on the market, with Gilly sales equal to 63 per cent and the city accounting for 4.5 per cent; in 2018, against the backdrop of industry ' s first negative growth since 1990, Gillie achieved a negative performance trend (equal sales + 17 per cent) for the Tupou industry.
Performance is supported (31% of Tupou-Jili sales in 2019), and performance is fast-tracked by Tesla’s national production, building on many years of experience in cooperation with foreign investment, joint ventures and ownership, and the development of product lines (with light-quan suspensions launched in 2003)
(a) Tupou was identified and closely associated with Tesla aluminium alloy chassis in August 2016;
And (2) price rises: From the original single package to the built-in built-in + seismic + chassis + thermal management product, Tesla has also grown to become Tupou’s top customer (4% of the revenue in 19 to 22q1% of the price).
Topper’s entry into the fast-growing performance track (which in 2021 generated $11.5 billion, or 76% of the year; net profit of $1 billion, or 62% of the year), is expected to bring new growth space with the expansion and release of global production capacity such as Tesla. After years of client matrix optimization and adaptation, Topper is now creating a new energy brand (Texra, New Power, Kim, etc.).
The company’s clients are stable (cr5 remains at about 50%), and the basis for long-term stable cooperation and trust has been in place (the time for cooperation is almost over 10 years).
Broadly recognized, integrated into the customer supply chain system and deeply involved in the relevant vehicle-type R & D production process; 2) Accompaniment: high quality, stability, stringent technical, quality, management, post-sale audit and evaluation of spare parts at the mainframe plant, long-cycle and simultaneous development capacity for spare parts enterprises.
The company will continue to work together in a stable and long-term manner once the auto parts are certified by the entire manufacturer. Client matrices continue to break through and refine, platformed supply models create barriers, links are established, and keeping track of the forward-looking layouts, and the ups and downs are the basic thinking of Topu's customers.
Establishment of a rich client matrix: 1) internationally recognized automobile companies: Universal, Ford, Daimler, BMW, the general public, etc.; 2) Nationally owned brands: Biadi, Gilly, Chang An, etc.; 3) Eminent new energy brands: Tesla, Rivian, Uri, Peng, Ideal, High Co-Equation, etc.; 4) Science and Technology Enterprises: Hua, Mi, etc.; 5) International Tier1: Cee
Mobil, Magnus, Fogia, etc.; also Tupou maintains contact and follow-up with clients, helping to match their sales in a timely manner in the early stages of the outbreak, thereby safeguarding the growth of their orders. From platform-based supply, t0.5 cooperation system analysis, we believe platform-based supply, tier 0.5 matches.
The advantages are expressed mainly in the form of improving R & D efficiency, enabling clients to break through, and guaranteeing performance stability:
With the accumulation of technology in electronic vacuum pump products, Top has expanded the ibs technology to break through the ability to develop and integrate machines, electricity, fluids, software, and so on. On the basis of the build-up of power control, software, manufacturing, bottom-plate calibration, Topap expands the flow of wire control, heat management pump valves, airborne suspensions, etc.
The growth in per capita income generated by the TPR team after 2017 is assumed to be increasing, highlighting the positive benefits of synergy and extension of the R & D benefits of the platform.
N-year income/n-1 number of R & D personnel, so the data are up to 2020. Integrated development and system integration capabilities such as generators, electricity, fluids, software, etc., built on the development and technological breakthroughs of the ibs, Tupou is gradually building up a complete electronic car product development system. ibs are highly integrated security systems, integrated machines.
Multidisciplinary content such as machinery, electronics, hydraulics, controls, algorithms, in a rapidly changing car market environment: 1) longitudinal iterative products: ibsibsproibsred and ibsivo; 2) horizontal extension of product lines: capability-based extension line-to-way systems based on electro-control, software, manufacturing, bottom-training, etc. (electrically power-guided system, master)
Mobilize back-wheeling systems, contour poles, etc., heat management system pump valves, airborne integrated inflating and control units, smart cabin products, etc., and are expected to extend to line-controlled skateboard floors.
On the basis of the advantages of shared platform-plus technology: at the product level, platform-based supply also enhances the co-sales of different business plates (2201-3 Ts) + 17 per cent, internal and external adornment products + 50 per cent, light-quantified chassis + 108 per cent), the matching value of the bicycles extends from the original hundreds to the current maximum of $30,000; at the client level, platform-based supply models
The formula provides customers with a single, comprehensive procurement option, which allows them to save some of the costs of certification and testing when selecting a new supplier, thereby making the client more sticky. In March 23rd year, the vehicle and Tupou signed a tactical cooperation agreement between the two sides on a chassis system, a light weighting system, a heat management system, an internal and external decorating system and a nvh.
Strategic multi-dimensional collaboration in areas such as earthquake mitigation systems, full-scale collaborative exploration of products such as smart cabin components, air hangar systems, and smart driving systems. The core of Tier0.5 is the integration of high-quality upstream resources, deep docking of mainframe plants and efficient services, which are expected to be achieved.
For future cooperation trends, the mainframe plant under the Tier1 model faces a multitier1, which affects development, management efficiency and reduces its control over core technologies to a certain extent; the tier 0.5 model provides modularization, systematization, integration to the mainframe plant, which only connects the tier 0.5 supplier, which is possible for the entire vehicle plant.
1) Increasing development efficiency + responsiveness; 2) Streamlining supply chains and reducing management costs; promising model of cooperation for suppliers to provide synchronized product line R & D and supply services, leading to changes in the division of labour in the industry.
At present, the market for electric cars in our country is highly competitive, with a relatively high penetration rate of new energy vehicles in second-line cities, which is gradually becoming a phase-in bottleneck.
Efficient R & D, more cost control, and deeper technological build-up: car branding requires larger markets, marketing inputs and efficient end-courses. Industry development has entered a completely new phase with limited resources, new-energy car markets are becoming more competitive, and demand for downstream customer orders is increasing for spare parts enterprises.
Platform-based supply models and a rich customer matrix help to ensure the stability of performance growth. When customer sales fall, Top could build on the supply advantage, and 1) mitigate the endpoint by deepening cooperation to raise the value of the bicycle package.
The impact of a decline in demand sales; 2) may also be mitigated by a high-quality customer matrix to mitigate the weakening of the demand for a single customer’s order. For example, the production of a large North American customer in Shanghai has been limited, with a certain pressure on the end of the product sales of Topu management (the revenue for the first three quarters of the operation was +1.1%, with the main client being the big North American customer), but at a low level of quantification.
Products such as the first three quarters of revenue is equal to +108%, and internal and external apparel (the first three quarters of income is equal to +50%) are well sold, guaranteeing a steady increase in Taku’s overall performance. Tesla is expected to start a new up-to-date cycle, with new/re-modified vehicle releases generating new opportunities.
Each year, Tesla announced price reductions in China, Europe, North America, etc., are expected to stimulate a new round of demand growth in Tesla. As of early February, the price reductions had been more pronounced (officially, orders in January were far higher than production, new year transfers of model3 output (expected to yield 2303), and catalytic changes to future new models; 3) capacity.
Climbing slopes: With Berlin (more than 4,000 per week as of February 23, with an annual chemical capacity of 200,000) and with Texas factories, we expect to sell 1.8-2 million Tesla worldwide in 2023, corresponding to 1.9 million in median, with a steady +45 per cent increase in orders.
Tesla achieves efficiency gains based on its own leading scale effects, innovative manufacturing processes, solid cost controls, and a high-quality supply chain system. Tesla’s 2204 car sales are 23.8% Māori, with official declarations of US$ 2.023 million (ring ratio - 13%), and single-car profits of US$ 0.8 million, which are lower and more or less the same;
Demonstrating the continued capacity to deliver on firm-scale effects and solid cost-control capabilities. We believe Tesla is expected to absorb some of the price reductions on its own Māori ratio through cost optimization of its own manufacturing, operation, raw materials, etc., and will not be fully transferred to its suppliers.
The client structure continues to be upgraded and the new forces of technology + autonomy + are expected to give new impetus to the sale of 6.89 million new energy vehicles in 2022, or +93% of the year, with a penetration rate of almost 26%. The consumption of our new energy vehicles has gradually been driven by a single policy drive towards supply (new vehicle + product power) and demand (knowledge + policy).
The new energy car market in our country has been gradually driven by policy-driven + cognitive drive, and successive officials such as Tesla and the world of inquiry are expected to promote better sales, as the new model (ideal l7, Tesla's new-generation platform, Gilly's new model, question line m9 etc.) emerges, adding to the corresponding support policies that have been introduced over and over again in 2023.
The growth in the medium- and long-term performance of the Topper Group is certain. Thanks to the Tier0.5 level cooperation system, the Tupou market expansion capacity is gradually increasing, and the product is constantly being targeted.
The system expands on high-end vehicle packages for Tesla, Riveran, Uri, Idea, Biadi, Gillie, etc.; ibs, eps, airborne, heat management, etc., with a single gas, Gilly, Cyrus, co-convergence, high-level, etc.; electronic vacuum pumps with multiple orders of gas, common, one-gas, Gilly, Biadi, etc., as of the end of 2022.
Tupou has 16 new formal project fixes; the air suspension system has 7 new fixes, which are expected to be produced in bulk over time in 2303. As production capacity continues to expand, the accompanying response capacity is gradually increasing, and Tupou is constantly strengthening 1) technology enterprises such as Huahua, Mi, etc.; 2) Autonomous brands: Gilly, Biadey, Upper Steam, etc.; 3) New forces:
The client matrix is gradually being optimized from a “single big customer” to a “super-higher” structure.
It can create protected escorts, expand production capacity: global distribution capacity secures the ability to deliver orders, and expand production capacity at the global level at a faster rate.
There are more than 70 factories. The company 1) has built bases around the country ' s major automobile industry clusters in Ningbo (Hangzhou Bay IV-VII, with a total of 2,600 acres in the former Bay, for the most important production sites of Tupou), Chongqing (approximately 1,400 acres), Wuhan, An-Bing, etc.; 2) overseas to serve international clients, in the United States, Canada, Brazil, Malaysia.
In other countries, manufacturing plants or storage centres have been set up, Polish factories have started bulk production, Mexico has been promoted in an orderly manner, providing faster and more efficient services to clients and providing guarantees for further expansion of global platform operations.
Topper's productivity has continued to expand since 2022, raising the capacity to digest orders. Resources have been made available for 25 years of strategic planning and to meet domestic and foreign customer needs. Topper's intensive expansion since 22H2: $1 billion in September 2022 for the Governor of the Lake (light-quantified chassis plus smart brakes + smart change); $2.5 billion in August for the county of Anguish.
(Little Quantified Disk + Integrated Body + Insider, etc.): In October, $110 million won to compete for pre-Poigning Bay plots (heat management + air suspension + light quantitative chassis + interior etc.) (now 2,600 acres of land in the new area of the former Bay). The performance is expected to continue to grow with improved global layout and slopes of Takup’s capacity, as well as the volume of automobile electronics.
In January-September 2022, the TPP system produced 3 million units, the interior parts 5 million units and the heat management system 500,000 units, which, according to the order in hand, are no longer capable of meeting demand; and TPP launched a private system in December 22
The fund-raising plan (which has yet to be approved) is designed to raise not more than $4 billion, with a total investment of $7.8 billion for projects such as light-weight chassis + interior + heat management + smart driving. The share of the capital invested in this investment is much higher than in the two previous projects.
It is considered that the increase in the overall operating efficiency of the facility will result in 1) filling the capacity gap and upgrading the capacity for billing; 2) optimizing the capital structure, reducing financial costs and risks and enhancing the sustainability of operations; and 3) enhancing profitability (the four-fold form of the ability to raise funds for the current round) and to remain vacant.
Topper Group fixed-asset investment is in the lead among comparable companies, and construction in progress has continued to grow over the last two years, with a sustained expansion of production capacity ensuring the ability to meet clients’ needs in a timely manner. In addition, Tupou's 2021 performance efficiency and Māori performance are on track.
It is expected that with the smooth distribution and release of capacity, as well as the continued release of such business as auto electronics, the Topu business cycle will continue upwards, guaranteeing a steady increase in performance. The global distribution of production capacity will bring the whole supply closer.
The chassis operations are based on Ningbo, while factories have been set up in Taizhou, Jinhua, Chang Hing, Yuning, Chongqing, Huanan, Xian, Poland, Mexico, etc., all of which will result in an annual supply capacity of 6 million units. The public production base at Ningbo provides a light quantitative chassis for global clients, which will allow multi-process + multi-species synergy and realization.
The plant and equipment utilization rate is maximized and costs are reduced; plants outside Ningbo can be close to customers (Gongqing, plant 5 of the chassis is 50 metres from the m7 plant; county of Aniju is close to Biadi; factory of Mexico is close to North American customers).
Volume production, which is expected to bring significant additional orders to the company and provide further safeguards for the digestion of additional production capacity. Figure 103: Hunan Tupou bird viewing Smart manufacturing: accelerated digital factory transformation strategy, smart manufacturing efficiency enhancement
To promote the construction of digital plants, the implementation of a mes management system, the effective management of quality control, product traceability, sophisticated production, and preparedness management, the interconnection of company data with client data, and the construction of industrial 4.0 smart factories.
A slight transformation and adoption as a corporate development strategy, focusing on 1) accelerated product development, 2) improved product quality, 3) improved production efficiency in three areas. Several projects (heat management, light quantification, etc.) have been digitalized. Quality assurance: Tupou carries the production process with the int system (preparation, quality inspection, material distribution process, etc.)
Employees complete individual processes in a cell phone application according to the established rules; and all processes are linked to mes (manufacture implementation systems): products enter full-process mes control from the moment raw materials are entered into storage, mes controls and complete process control according to the control plan for each process “person, machine, material method, ring, monitor” production element
Retroactivity at the level of a systematization of quality “three non-principles (non-receipt, non-manufacturing, non-transmission of undesirable goods).” Efficiency enhancement: extension of mature applications of dfm (manufacturing engineering design) development processes and virtual simulation techniques, \checkmark
With the application of dfm+virtual simulation techniques, product design plus process design plus equipment development can be synchronized, with the expectation that the product development cycle will be reduced by more than 30%; on the simulation platform, a more visual simulation of the process will be carried out by a team of customers, Tupou and equipment providers, examining the entire process of each production process, detection process, logistics distribution, etc.
Long-term development cycle, recurring design problems, and quantitative output in a manner that ensures that the project is accurate, quick and sufficiently quality-assured. Figure 104: Plant construction around management of IT+Automated +tps Toolization, Figure 106: Full digital upgrading of production processes
Figure 108: Tupperware low-pressure casting automation, taking into account the multi-product development model of Tupou, we make comparable corporate choices based on Topp's internal and external adornment, light quantification, heat management, wire control, braking, air hangars, etc., including shares in new springs of the same platform company,
Ekordy, Tesla chain supplier Xings, heat management system leading, 3x3 smart control, Line Control, Burtley, and a relatively leading middle-level stock in the airlock.Top Group asset liability was 43.2 per cent in 2021, below comparable companies, of which interest-bearing liability was 8.3 per cent in 21 years.
The company’s high-quality clients guaranteed the sale of the product, with 4.8 turnovers in 2021 and 4.6 turnovers in receivables, all leading comparable companies and showing better results.
The first inventory operations were efficient, the rate of turnover of accounts receivable and management efficiency: annual operating cash flows accounted for 10.4 per cent of receipts and were in the upper echelons of comparable companies, demonstrating a greater ability to withstand risks; Tupou had a net asset return of 11.1 per cent in 2021, demonstrating a better profitability.
As you can see, the Tupperware cost control is working well, the management rate is going down, and the company values R & D, the R & D costs, and our profit projections are based on the following assumptions:
61.4 per cent of the battalion's revenue) The earthquake mitigation operations consist mainly of suspensions, tremors, etc., and take into account the relatively high level of client acceptance of the seismic operations relative to caps, insulations, suitcases, etc., which are expected to lead to a higher supply advantage with the platform Maintenance of growth with the projected sale of 6663/861/1055 million sets of company interior accessories in 22/23/24
Underground system: The products of the company's chassis system consist mainly of the turnover festival, the control arm, the side rack, etc., which is the company's collection of thick layouts (planning for about 10 million lightly quantified chassis production capabilities in 2025). With the major North American clients, the new heat management system: the Tupoo heat management system increased in 2021, achieving an income of $1.28 billion.
In terms of overall programme research and development, system integration, and software control, a second generation of products has been developed, and the company ' s heat management operations are expected to continue to expand in 2023 and 2024 and are expected to grow at a high rate.
Auto-electronics: Auto-electronics are the new growth point for companies in the future, mainly in line control, turnover systems, and critical support. Assuming that the company's car electronics won 2.4/10.7.211 billion yuan in 22/23/24, the path will increase. The overall Māori ratio is expected to continue to grow with productive capacity and high-tech barriers, and the volume of high-tech barriers will increase gradually.
Light Quantified Deck Business: Top Group Light Quantified Deck Business is in the forefront of the industry, with a high level of client recognition, and is expected to continue to grow with client release; 2) Hot management Business: heat management business grew relatively slowly in 2022 due to factors such as the shutdown of a large North American client Shanghai Factory.
(c) Automobile electronics: the Tupou Group ' s auto electronics business as a whole is in the early stages of production, with successive client targeting in 2022, with a gradual increase in production expected in 2023, with a view to stimulating the electronicization of automobiles.
R & D inputs for new product projects have led to an increase in R & D costs, assuming a company R & D rate of 4.5/4.4/4.3 per cent for 22/23/24 years; at the management level, the three branches of the company have gone hand in hand to ensure the effectiveness of the company's operations.
Table 29: Scenario analysis (optimism, neutrality, pessimism)
The absolute valuation is sensitive to wacc and constant growth rates, and the following is a sensitivity analysis. The company’s elasticity is derived from the steady spread of quality clients and the steady pace of new products, our micro-adjustment profit projections, their selection of the twig group and the triads, which are also the core suppliers of Tesla, and the close market value level.
Autoelectronics provider Desecway, Bertley of the same layout line control and light-quantified chassis as comparable public providers of scarce platform-type parts and components of car plates, Topper's performance, driven by customer exposure (increase) and product extension (price increases), is expected to keep up, with net profit = price (monpolar value) x sales (matching)
The core support of the price is the advantage of a platform company. Prices rise: 1) At the end of supply: Topper starts with a shock reduction, an interior product (initially worth less than $3,000 per bicycle package), depending on efficient R & D efficiency and client cooperation
This has led to the gradual expansion of light-quantified chassis, vp, etc. (by 2020, the value of one-car kit was raised to $15,000), followed by rapid R & D and landing of products such as heat management, airborne, ibs, cabins, etc. (by 22h1, the value of one-car kit was up to $30,000) and the creation of nine product holdings.
Platformed supply systems, giving the mainframe more procurement options; 2) Demand-side: Host plants are expected to move towards multi-product purchases in the same supplier, based on efficiency + downside considerations, against which we believe it is almost inevitable that the advantages of the platformed supply system will be realized in an average one-car package increase.
The ability to bind clients is one of the most core competencies of the steaming enterprise. From the "jointly owned, autonomous" client structure, which in 2011 accounted for 28% of the general revenue in Shanghai, Topau has reached the autonomous client base of 2017-2019 (more than 30%); and the follow-up platform + + + + + + + + + + + + +
In response to the advantages of timely response + positive development, the client base continues to break through, creating a client matrix of new energy brands (Texla, New Power, Jinkang, Rivian, etc.) + autonomous brands (Biadi, Gilli, I, etc.). Topper is also building a plant around the client to deliver near supply: Poland, Mexico, and the U.S. and U.S. customers.
Quality, stable client structure guarantees medium- and long-term performance certainty. The core support of the profit comes from cost-control capacity + product scarcity + core components + new operations.
(i) Cost-control capacity realization: business release increases capacity utilization and scale effects are expected to continue on a continuous basis: a further forward-looking input digital and intelligent construction (management of IT+ manufacturing system tools + automation of production) to achieve full process quality control, traceability and error prevention, which is expected to translate into good rates and efficiency
Efficiency gains. 2) Product scarcity: market supply and demand patterns and product scarcity are at the heart of product pricing, with public authorities leading the global light-quantized bottom plate layout, multi-grade + capacity + process full + quality, products such as aluminium by-products. By the end of the year, Tupou was given 16 point points in the system, 7 empty fixes, stacking of cabin products, gas
Autoelectronics are expected to increase rapidly from 23 years onwards, resulting in a profit gain; 4) Homemade core components: DG gradually enriches the self-manufacturing capacity of the core components of the product, with production of the core components (e.g. heat management swelling valves, etc.) expected to increase over time the associated Māori rate.
The company's elasticity comes from the steady release of high-quality customers and the steady targeting of new products, our micro-regulating profit projections, the selection of the Xuantium group and the Triads, which are also the core suppliers of Tesla, and the close proximity of the market value of the electronic car provider, Desai Siwi, the Bertley, who has the same layout line control and light Quantified chassis, as comparable public revenues.
DG, by reference to comparable corporate valuations, taking into account the barriers to the platformed delivery model and the risk that automobile electronics will be valued in absolute terms from 2023: we have adopted absolute valuation and relative valuation methods that combine from multiple angles to arrive at a reasonable valuation of the company, but the valuation is based on relevant assumptions, especially for the company in the coming years.
The selection of parameters from cash flow calculations, weighted average capital cost (wacc), tv assumptions and comparative company valuations has been integrated into individual judgements, leading to the risk of deviations in valuations, specifically: 1) which may lead to optimistic estimates of growth rates of income and profits in both the corporate and semi-reflective periods, leading to future prospects
(ii) The weighted average capital cost (wacc) has a very significant impact on the firm's absolute valuation, assuming that the risk-free rate of 2.8 per cent and the risk premium of 6.5 per cent in the calculation of Wacc may still exist.
Low, resulting in low Wacc calculation, resulting in the risk of overvalued companies; 3) We assume a 2 per cent growth rate in company tv over the next 10 years, that the industry in which the company is located is likely to undergo significant adverse changes over the next 10 years, and that the company ' s continued growth is actually low or negative, leading to high corporate valuations
Relative valuation: we have selected the Xuantue Group and the Sant'Omni Panel, which are also Tesla's core suppliers, to evaluate the target for 2023 by 30-35x as comparable companies with the same electronic vehicle provider, Desai Siwi, the same layout line control motion and light-quantified chassis.
This low estimate and an overestimate of Māori results in a higher-than-real-value forecast of corporate profitability. The end-user sales are below the expected risk that the company’s products will be used mainly for passenger vehicles, and the end-user is generally the end-user.
From 2018 to 2020, the global automobile market experienced three years of decline; especially in 2020, as a result of the global impact of the new crown epidemic, the global volume of automobile sales fell to 7762 million and 77971,000, respectively, a significant decline from previous years.
The whole-car manufacturing industry continues to be cut down by bottlenecks in the supply of chips or other raw materials, requiring customers to go down, and companies will face the risk of reduced sales. Shipping costs and raw materials prices run the risk of about 20-30 per cent of corporate output being sold out, if in the future they will be in the sea.
The continued upswing in freight costs may affect the export sales of the company ' s products, thereby adversely affecting the company ' s performance; and if future prices of raw materials are high, the company ' s response, albeit slow, will put some pressure on the company ' s profitability.
The company has a wealth of product development and manufacturing experience, and has for years focused on research and development of new technologies, new products. Research and development of new technologies, new products, is dependent on investment in capital, if the company is in the future.
Lack of sustained investment in R & D in the development of new products, or failure to develop products in a timely manner compatible with new models, will expose them to risks from technological advances and business risks. Critical technology brain drain risks: the development and management of critical technology talent is the main competitive advantage of companies.
As the pattern of competition in the industry changes, competition for skilled people in the industry will become more intense. If companies do not continue to provide effective incentives in terms of remuneration, treatment, etc., in the future, they will face a flow of core skilled personnel.
There is some negative impact on corporate revenue: the following loads of vehicles are increased by half, and a vehicle purchase tax is levied. The policy of tax deductions on automobile purchases is tentatively in place for six months, and there is uncertainty about its future continuity, and its failure to continue may have a negative impact on the volume of cars sold.
Under the downward pressure of the economy, car consumption stimulus policies such as the removal of cars, the lifting of restrictions on relocation, etc., have been heavily publicized since May of last year, and the timing of future exits has converged. The concentration of incentives may have had a negative impact on vehicle sales.
Schedule: Financial projections and valuation Authors' assurance that data used in reporting are from compliance channels; analytical logic based on author's professional understanding, seeking independence, objectivity, impartiality and conclusions without any third party's approval or influence through reasonable judgement and conclusion; authors' past, present or future absence of studies on them