Gu Qiang is slightly over-expected, and profits continue to be optimized by 33.5 per cent over the same period, of which 16.740 billion were collected in the fourth quarter, an 11 per cent increase over the same period, resulting in a net gain.
Taking into account that the airport gate operation has yet to be further resumed, off-island and off-line sales remain the main force of 4o, and that, according to the customs disclosure data of the sea port, the tax-exempt sales from the island amount to 8.9 billion, an increase of 14.4 per cent, the corresponding change in the company ' s 40 earnings is basically in line with the change in the overall tax-exempt income from the island.
The profit margin was slightly higher than expected, and we believe that the recovery of the Māori rate was better than previously anticipated, mainly because of the narrow discount rate for benefits, and that the company had disclosed an increase of 3.4 pcts to 31.44 per cent in the year-on-year Māori ratio for the main business; this was due to an increase in the rate of discounts at the end of 4q years.
The consumption experience is expected to improve further with the opening of the Global Make-up Square in the 23H2c area of the International Free City II phase. Seagate customs revealed that duty-free shopping for New Year’s holidays amounted to $475 million, an increase of 12.6% over the same period, and 657 million duty-free shopping.
In addition, in late 2023, the company signed a supplementary agreement with the two airports north of the country to clarify and clarify the details of future cooperation. According to data published by the Civil Aviation Authority, international passenger flows had returned to 2019 as of November.
In the same period, 40% of the year, in 2024, exit trips and flight flights were further repaired, and we expect a steady recovery in international passenger flows and a gradual improvement in airport duty-free shop sales.
The partnership is stable, the supply chain and back-office systems are connected during the epidemic, the competitiveness of the industry is weak, and future profits are steadily rising.
Figure: Quarterly duty-free sales. This report was prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and Investment Services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.