China Central Free (60188.sh) Incident Review: Airports & Tax Freers are tied deeper, and the ability to avoid profits under rationalization of rents is expected to increase
A supplementary agreement for duty-free operations, with a higher percentage of rents and deductions from airport channels than previously contracted Future duty-free traders and airports will work together to improve the competitiveness of the ports, moving from rent collection to tactical cooperation, and the airport is expected to become more involved in the tax-free business: 1) emphasis on further branding.
Practice No.: s50052211002 department goods, consolidation of fragrance, cooking of tobacco and alcohol: 2) tax-exempters further optimize their scheduled operations on the line; 3) airport duty-free association with municipal duty-free operations, which is expected to involve more tax-free operations; 4)
Increased marketing flexibility in the context of the regulations: 5) Increased tax-free promotion in the airport regions: 6) Increased accessibility, taking into account the fact that sales under the real line have recovered slowly and that the rate of fragrance has decreased, Shanghai practice: s50052211004.
Both the airport and the capital have made significant concessions on future rents: Shanghai Airport: if the actual monthly passenger flow is more than 80 per cent of the average of 23 q per month (i.e., the combined number of airports amounts to 1.67 million per month) and Pudong+Ion Bridge is sold 707 million yuan annually, the price of which is lower.
We expect to outperform in future operations; if the sales are higher than the sales on the bottom, then the actual sales are on a monthly basis; if the sales are on a monthly basis, they become the sum of the monthly sales corresponding to the monthly sales of the five categories of perfume, tobacco, alcohol, department stores and food; if the sales are on a monthly basis, then the monthly sales are on a monthly basis = net sales of the monthly items are on a monthly basis.
18-36% different scenarios: 3 We believe that the above-mentioned scale or reference is to be made primarily to the level of the current variety of products, given the relatively high and discounted level of perfume, it is expected that the combined rate of deductions will fall into the new item of nuclear consent, which may be added to the sales at a certain proportion of the gross amount of each single item; the completion machine is expected to be completed.
After the target of the monthly cost of the site is met, a more flexible adjustment is adopted for sales that are above and above the target part.
The annual base rent is set at $558 million, which represents a significant decrease from the 19-year period. In addition, if the annual actual passenger flow is 9.6 million times (annual passenger traffic in the international zone of the capital airport), the floor rent will be reduced;
Investment proposals: Medium exemption as the leader of the tax-free industry, stock prices have been revalued since this year, and valuation margins are higher: outlook followed by supply end-introduction plus area expansion of the property industry (area (c) of the Sanya Bay Phase II is officially operational in 23/12/28), demand-side downside market potential is still to be released + overseas
Consumption continues to flow, profit-end perfumed price system rebounds + exchange rate elasticity, and it is expected to jointly drive performance against Sinda Securities Co. Ltd.
The profits were 64.5/80.2/950.0 million yuan and the collection on 29 December was 27/22/18x, respectively, and the risk factors were: weak consumption, geopolitical risks, macroeconomic risks, exchange rate risks.
Team, General Manager of the Center for Modern Services Studies, 2021. In 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities and Development Centre as Deputy General Manager. In 2021, he was awarded 2nd in a new wealth-free suit, 1st in a crystal ball suit, 1st in a retail suit, and Sino-Sinai after graduate school in July, and joined the new Sinda Consumers Group in November 2022.
Tax exemptions, eye vision, invisible deformities, pets, retail sales, etc. The new Sinda consumer group covers mainly gold jewellery and the development of diamond plates.
Li Bong Jing, Master of Science in Champagne, University of Illinois, B.A. in Economics, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest, November 2022, joined the New Sindha Consumers Group, covering mainly cosmetics and medical beauty. Zhang Honghamin, Master of Finance, University of Gangdan, Bachelor of Arts in Economics, University of Gangan, July 2023, joined the New Sinda Consumers Group.
The Sunda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.