Company rating  Tourism retail ii. Performance meets expectations, 24 years of interest in rental costs.
Events: Company ' s 2023 performance report, company ' s recovery of 67.576 billion yuan in 2023 compared to demand in q4, profit improvement expected benefit cost optimization, management efficiency reference customs data, q4 Hainan Island tax-free sales of $8.9 billion per year + 14 per cent, shopping points 151
Tens of thousands of times per year + 74% per year, and the rise in passenger flows at Hainan Airports is consistent with the trend, and the overall performance has been steady. But the single price of duty-free passengers at Hainan Island is only $5878 per year to 34%, reflecting the fact that demand recovery is still influenced by consumption power and a reduction in sub-purchases.
In addition, q4 companies are expected to improve significantly in terms of cost optimization and management efficiency, with a profit margin of 12.4 per cent for q4 compared to 6.1 per cent, ring comparison + 1.6 perte, which is expected mainly to be related to optimization of airport rental costs and improvement of operational management effectiveness.
On the whole, taking into account the improvement in the number of domestic trips and trips out of New Year's Eve, the growth of the company's airport and Hainan off-island tax-exempt channels is expected to continue at a steady pace. According to the customs data, the New Year's Day holiday leaves a million people/same south of China + 53%; the passenger unit cost is $7228/same for 26%).
In addition, the company has been consulting with the central hub airport on the modalities for lifting points within the city, indicating a tax exemption within the city.
The shopping policy is under way, and it is hoped that the next step will provide a point of increase. Investment proposal: We believe that the bottom logic of China’s tax-exempt industry remains unchanged, that China’s free-card core domestic tax-free flow channels will open up as consumption recovers, and that companies will leave the island + airport + online + the city’s Dovibs will be opened.
Table 1: Predictions of key financial indicators
China’s Galaxy Securities Institute has undertaken to present this report independently, objectively and with diligence. This report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
Union of Nations securities, joined in July 2022 in China ' s Galaxy securities.