The board of directors of the company considered the additional investment through the Sanya International Free City Phase II project.
The bill provides for an additional investment of $1.07 billion in the Sanya International Free City II project (the Board of Directors approved an investment of $3.69 billion in 2021), mainly due to additional building space, parking space, improvements in the quality of the outer surface and curtain walls, improvements in mechanical and electrical systems and in the configuration of electricity systems.
In recent years, duty-free access has been a priority for the public sector, and now covers the city’s multi-flow portals, such as business, airports, and ports. During the Spring Festival, Sanya International Free City has seen more than 60,000 daily visits, with a similar increase in passenger flows.
40.4 per cent; the Seagate International Free City has a cumulative total of more than 360,000 visitors, an increase of 9.8 per cent compared with the previous year.
According to the Civil Aviation Authority, the number of international and regional passengers in January was 51.24 million, returning to 72 per cent during the same period in 2019, and during spring.
The DPP reports that the national border check for spring holidays has secured a total of 13.17 million departures and departures, 2.8 times more than last spring, returning to nearly 90% in the same period in 2019. We expect to see an acceleration in the recovery of the excursions, spurred by good news such as the waiver and the accelerated resumption of flights.
The airport has concluded a supplementary agreement to clarify the details of future cooperation, and the airport’s duty-free shop sales will be repaired steadily. Moreover, the company’s advance planning and layout of the city’s duty-free shop will continue to be promoted during the epidemic, and future policies are expected to benefit first.
Figure: duty-free sales off Spring Island: Unit for the resumption of international and regional flights as at 27 February: missions: annex III: consolidated cash flow statement
This report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong), Ltd., and the investments of Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and investment services provided by Group Benefit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose. The Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. believes that the information used to prepare this report is reliable, but the information in this report has not been independently verified.