Henan's duty-free, and the country's competition has been stepped up to speed up the creation of an efficient, full-channel retail giant.
On the evening of February 16, Yang Yujing reported that six days before the spring holiday (10 February-15 February) the amount of duty-free sales from Hainan Island exceeded $1.9 billion and 2,347 million free shopping. According to the Hainan daily, the customs of Hainan last five days last spring monitored the amount of duty-free sales off the island, which amounted to $1,585 million.
The first five days of sales exceeded the sum of last year’s seven days, with an average increase of 40% over last spring’s and a decline in previous years. The first was the growth of the China-South passenger flow since the spring and the good consumption of the population during the season, and the second was the significant expansion of the company’s tax-free operations (the Sea Bay tax-free area + 65%, the Sanya airport and the upgrading of the new seaport, etc.), supply optimization and management improvements.
Taking into account the market value test requirements of this year’s firm, we expect companies to further upgrade their management and profitability in the future, with a view to raising their market value performance.3 Markets are currently mainly concerned about the uncertainty of policies such as follow-up overall consumption demand, fragrance branding cycles, and China’s south seal.
Follow-up demand trends are still to be tracked, but the current spring season is a good quarter, and the baseline pressure is expected to ease gradually after the second quarter, and there will be more to be expected in the future if the cost base is stabilized as a whole and the company ' s supply optimization and business management capacity are improved. 2) The problems of the fragrance cycle: companies have been able to optimize their products to reduce their impact. The combination of negative factors such as stock-taking, de-purchases and so forth last year does not preclude a gradual convergence this year.
Normalization has developed, while corporate affluence has increased overall competitiveness since the opening of c; 3) Hainan closure policy needs to be followed up, but considering that Hainan has a balanced and coordinated development of tax markets with other regions of the country, we may initially move forward in a gradual way, with the impact of the exemption phase from the island being controlled.4 Profit predictions and investment proposals: taking into account the trend towards duty-free operations in Hainan since the spring season in particular, we have slightly revised the 2023-2025 return.
The challenges of the new situation and the continued strengthening of the company’s business management and shopping environment, the firm’s efforts to create a full range of channels for efficient retail tourism operators, and the tax-exempt policies of future nationals leaving the city still do not preclude expectations and maintain a “buy-in” rating. The Hainan Spring Festival is a big opening, with sales in the first five days exceeding the sum of last spring’s 7-day vacations, with sales growing by more than 40% in the first six days.
In the first five days of this year's spring season, the cumulative sales were higher than last spring's 7-day level, a 40% increase in the previous six days compared to last year's 7-day period. In the first five days of this spring, the customs service at Hainan supervised a total of 1,585 million yuan in duty-free sales off the island, exceeding last spring's 7-day gold week by a total of 15.6 billion yuan (the base was not low last spring) and showed a beautiful sales value of more than 1.9 billion yuan in the first six days, with an average sales value of 320 million yuan per day.
Overall, Hainan’s tax-exempt spring data has been weak since year q2 and is expected to boost the market’s confidence in follow-up operations. The spring holiday Henan’s tax-exempt performance is: it is mainly a daily average that is driven by an increase of more than 70% in shopping flows, and there are still pressures on unit prices, but it is narrower than the same decline.
More specifically, the cumulative number of duty-free shopping in Hainan for the first six days of this spring season has increased by 50% over the seven days of last spring, when the average passenger flow was more than 70% higher than last year’s seven days. Although there are differences in vacations (8 days of this year’s spring holiday, free of New Year’s Eve, free of New Year’s Eve, and 7 days of the same period last year’s New Year’s Eve), the overall performance has been remarkable.
Nearly 20%, but it is now slightly better than the single price of the New Year’s Day and the Mid-Autumn Day in 2023, and the summer of last year, the Hainan holiday of tax-exemption is a good reason for analysis: China’s good passenger flow + the optimal supply-up boosters’ influx, the relatively narrow decline in unit prices, and the beginning of the year, after the season-by-quarter rise in tax-exempt South China in 2023 and the steady growth of New Year’s Day, Hainan’s tax-exemption began to improve more than before.
The impact of the recovery and perfumed products on their own cyclical effects continued to be felt in 2023. After 20232, Hainan's tax-free sales fell by $475 million/+13 per cent on New Year's holidays, 657 million free shopping/+53 per cent, per capita consumption of $7228/-26 per cent, with a relatively stable performance under the low base, with per capita consumption still declining by 8 per cent compared to the national holiday.
In addition to differences such as spring season and season season, we believe that the core comes from the steady growth and significant expansion of passenger flows in Hainan Island, optimizing the contribution of such upgrades as conversion rates (new open sea harbours in Hainan Bay, new seaport operations more mature, Sanya airport expansion, etc.).1 In addition, it is expected that the flow of passengers at Hainan Island Airport will increase by more than 20% this spring season. According to the Chinese News Network, the Hainan Airport Group in February 2024
7 It is projected that during the Golden Week of Spring 2024 (10-17 February) there will be 862 flights at Meran International Airport, San Phoenix International Airport, and the three main airports on the Island of Chuanhai Bojong airport, carrying more than 1.59 million passengers, with an average increase of 12 per cent and 27 per cent, respectively, per day, all of which are at an all-time high and are expected to contribute to the growth of the island ' s passenger flow (an average of over 110,000 passengers per day since Spring Day to 15 February, 6 days long).
690,000 times, and the trend is still positive. 2. Hainan tax exemption has been significantly expanded or optimized, especially for China’s core exemption project, which has led to a marked rise in reception bottlenecks during the peak season and an increase in the flow of shopping customers. 1) This spring vs. last spring, accompanied by the opening of the c-centre at the end of last year (72,000 square metres of building space), China’s China China China is free of the sea.
A 65 per cent increase in the tax-free area of the South's core profit-making project, effectively opening up its overall peak reception capacity for the Bay project, full brand enrichment: a+b focused and shopping experience enhancement;c a condensed centre, the only single commercial complex in the world that features makeup and perfume, bringing in a total of 132 perfumed make-up brands and further consolidating the lancome, estelaider, dior
(b) New seaports are still in operation during the spring of 2023, with insufficient branding and further optimization of the spring of 2024 brands; (c) Sanya airport has been duty-free from 1,800 square metres to 6,800 square metres, with a marked increase in product and shopping experience, and (d) US airport has not been sufficiently tax-free before.
This year, further optimization is expected, and the Melanes airport passenger flow is expected to continue to grow well.3 While there is still some pressure on the passenger unit price, data from the first day of spring and the first four days show that the price of the passenger unit continued to rise during the spring.
This year, the situation is expected to improve significantly, which will help in terms of unit prices. After the opening of the building, the overall upgrades, etc., have also led to the introduction of perfumed sales.
With the strengthening of the company’s operations and market value appraisals, the company’s growth has led to the creation of a fully fledged and efficient tourism retail operation giant, which is expected to be fully enhanced in 2024. In conjunction with media reports such as China and the New China Network, on 29 January of this year, the State Finance Committee of the State Council at its meeting on the distribution of central enterprises and local state finance boards indicated that in 2024, the market value management of listed companies would be fully rolled out:
Quantified evaluation of market performance of centrally held companies, objective evaluation of market value management of enterprises, job initiatives and effectiveness, based on adherence to a “one-for-one-for-one” ratio and based on the functional positioning of enterprises, industry characteristics, undertaking major tasks, etc.