China’s 23-year fast-track assessment of China’s immunity (60188.sh): slightly outperformed, the growth of the end-of-end income ratio was largely driven by China’s seasonal and tax-related growth. Due to double vacations and winter seasons, China’s off-island tax exemption has increased seasonally, and we expect 23q4 seaboards to be sold.
About 9.7 billion yuan per year + 5 per cent, ring + 16 per cent, of which the tax-free portion is expected to be affected by consumption & passenger flow growth, which is slightly less than expected; we expect to contribute about 5 billion yuan per year + 7 per cent per year, ring + 11 per cent per cent per day in Shanghai, which is expected to be driven mainly by two-tenth boosts and lower-line passenger flow recovery.
The price system at the operational level remains stable as a result of the depreciation of the q2&q3 ratio (pre-procurement, cost burden, taxes, and increased revenues from airport operations, among other things. Remediation of the profit margin ring is expected to benefit from rent relief and reduced asset impairment losses.
Compared to +0.1 pct. The profit end has improved significantly over the same year, the ring ratio has increased, or is mainly due to: (a) the tax credit in Shanghai, Japan, since December 23, which contributed to the increase in profits; and (b) the loss of the asset impairment of 23q3, which is 2.5 New Year's Day tax exemption data close to the national holiday level, which is expected to boost market confidence in the spring festival.
Since then, China has been free of seagull lv and dior, and the Bay c Hall has been officially opened in 23/12/28 to effectively boost the elasticity of consumption during the season. According to the Customs Department of China, New Year's Eve (23/12/30 to 24/1/1) provides a tax-free purchase value of $475 million per year and 13 per cent per year, while the number of duty-free purchases is 657,000 per year.
Compared to +53%, per capita consumption of $7228 and average daily data is close to the national holiday level, and overall performance is as expected. Foresight 2401, if China is able to achieve 200 million plus daily sales during spring holidays, the market may expect or will receive investment advice: middle exemption as the leader of the tax-free industry, stock returns have been higher for 23 years, and the valuation margin is safe.
Higher; outlook: supply end-introduction + property area expansion, demand downside market potential Sindash Securities Inc. (SCG) is still awaiting release + sustained return of overseas consumption, return of profit-end flavoured price system + exchange rate elasticity + return of rent
In addition, it was reaffirmed that the tax-free sector had considerable resilience following the recovery of consumption power, and that the 9th House of the City of Beijing, the 9th Street of the City of the West Side, was located in Beijing.
It is recommended that attention be paid to opportunities for bottom reversal of tax exemptions, while at the same time it is recommended that attention be given to the effective risk factors of policy changes for neutral valuations: weak consumption; geopolitical risk; macroeconomic risk; exchange rate risk; and fast performance reporting as preliminary accounting data, based on data disclosed in the annual report.
Team, General Manager of the Center for Modern Services Studies, 2021. In 2022, he joined the Sinda Securities and Development Centre as Deputy General Manager. In 2021, he was awarded 2nd in a new wealth-free suit, 1st in a crystal ball suit, 1st in a retail suit, and Sino-Sinai after graduate school in July, and joined the new Sinda Consumers Group in November 2022.
Tax exemptions, eye vision, invisible deformities, pets, retail sales, etc. The new Sinda consumer group covers mainly gold jewellery and the development of diamond plates.
Li Bong Jing, Master of Science in Champagne, University of Illinois, B.A. in Economics, University of Finance and Economics, Southwest, November 2022, joined the New Sindha Consumers Group, covering mainly cosmetics and medical beauty. Zhang Honghamin, Master of Finance, University of Gangdan, Bachelor of Arts in Economics, University of Gangan, July 2023, joined the New Sinda Consumers Group.
The Sunda Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has granted. This report is produced and published by the Sunda Securities.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.