There has been a steady increase in profitability, with attention paid to the rapid repair of the port channels. The net profit of the mother is $6,714 million, or +33.46% of the year. The company’s profitability has been optimized and its profitability has been improved.
The return of $16,703 million, compared to +10.85 per cent, the return to mother net profit of $1,507 million, the continued recovery of duty-free sales under the same line, the optimization of the marketing structure leading to Māori upgrades, and 1) the tax-free/tax-oriented revenue of $44,23.44 million, respectively.
By region, the Hainan/Shanghai area received 39,601.7821 million yuan, tax-free for the same period: short-term sales were relatively flat and construction of new projects was progressing steadily. According to Hainan customs data, in January/February 24, the rate of duty-free sales in Hainan Island was 43.7 per cent/+2.5 per cent, the base figure was higher last year.
At the end of the year, the Cdf International Free City (CIF)c area of the Global Make-up Plaza was officially opened; the city was upgraded in the second phase, with more than 30 high-end international brands such as Iv and Dior; and three phases were completed with the design of the construction programme and the construction of the earth, and the supply of duty-free supplies in the Hainan area was further expanded.
The company signed a supplementary agreement with the first airport, Shanghai airport, which is expected to reduce the company’s cost pressure and increase the company’s profits after entry into force.
Eighty-seven.50 per cent of the year, with the continuous repair of cross-border passenger flows, the increase in duty-free sales can be sustained.  Short-term recommendations focus on the rapid recovery of sales through port channels and the increase in rent-downs on profits; medium- and long-term focus is still on the improved layout of companies as leading firms in various channels, and on tax-free newity within the city.
China Central Waiver 20231027 Chinese Silver International Securities Company Ltd. is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.
Increased market competition, less than expected repair of international passenger flows, and less than expected recovery of consumer willingness Retail in commerce and trade: tourism retailii