The company's review of tourism retail ii has significantly increased the share of red, tax-exempt champions have made a great deal of progress.
The core distribution channels have been growing resiliently, and competitive advantages have continued to be consolidated Sub-channels where, in 2023, the company ' s Hainan region received 39,650 million yuan per year + 14 per cent per year, and we expect the owners to benefit from (a) the restorative growth of the Hainan Exigate tax-free market; and (b) the company ' s Seagate International tax-free city.
In the full year of operation, $6.83 billion was collected in 2023, earning 24% of the company’s Sanya business and 33 million in profits. In terms of airport tax exemption, 17.8 billion dollars were collected in Shanghai, Japan, in 2023.
In addition, while China ' s overall consumption environment performed poorly in 2023, companies were still consolidating their competitive advantages by expanding their investments, and the upgrading of tax-free shops at San Phoenix Airport II, Sanya International Tax-Free Zone C and Phase II projects in 2023 were successfully implemented and introduced to the luxury brand lv.
Real circulationa shares further consolidates its competitive advantage in the duty-free market in Hainan Island.
04 Māori performance is better than it has been for the same period in 21 years, and management effectiveness continues to release net profit rates, with a net annual interest rate of 9.9%/square ratio +0.7 pt, of which the net interest rate of q4 is 9.0%, compared to +6.3 pt, ring ratio +0.1 pt. Corporate profitability is improved and is expected to result mainly from improved management effectiveness.
The airport rental agreement was renewed only in December and is expected to improve net interest rates less, but given that the rate of recovery of international flights rose further to 80% in 2024, a high share of the company’s share of the airport’s share of the head is expected to rise.
The company considers the 2023 profit distribution program, which proposes to find a gold dividend of 1.65 dollars per shareholder for all shareholders, as a head starter, and respond positively to calls for higher shareholder returns. Considering the robustness of the company as a whole, the asset burden structure of the debt is excellent, we believe that if the future bonus rate continues to be high, it will be accompanied by continued growth in the company’s performance.
Future dividends will be gradually raised by the current 1.9%, increasing the value of medium- and long-term investments. China’s mid-term investment will be exempt: performance meets expectations, 24 years of interest on rents, and we believe that the core catalyst for 2024 will be: (1) the location of tax-exempt policies in the country’s cities; and (2) the exemption of airport ports.
In the medium and long term, the company is now fully capped on its domestic nuclear free-flow channels, and with the recovery of consumption, the company is off the island plus the airport plus the city’s Dowy layout.
We believe that the current valuation value is higher and that the “recommended” rating is maintained. China’s Galaxy Securities Institute is expected to maintain a “recommended” rating of $8.2 billion and $9.8 billion, respectively, in 2024-26.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views of this report.
If you are not a professional investor in Galaxy securities clients, you should first contact the sales department of the Galaxy securities agency or the customer manager to complete an appropriate investor matching and be fully aware of the nature, characteristics, use of the service and the risks or losses that may result from improper use.
All of the information contained in this report is provided to clients for reference purposes only and does not constitute an investment advice to clients and does not represent a sale, subscription to securities or other financial instrument, but does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. The information contained in this report reflects the judgement of the date of the initial publication of the report, which may be issued in other ways than the present report.