Silver World Wide Market Xing Wise Investment Company, to renew China's consumption (601888ch)
As a result of the clean-up of the stock of obsolete goods, it is expected that next year we will be able to sustain the increase in the profits we expect to generate, primarily based on 1) the transfer of the heavy-luxury shop and the perfumed products to the stand-alone premises to guarantee the continuity of the product mix;
The cost of rent at the airport has continued to grow. Tax-exempt sales data from the island show that the high-end consumption heat of Li Kianjia last January-November has continued. In a recent exchange with us, the company said that Sanya and the Sea mouth were exempt.
The tax shop business model has come to an end, and the first-month turnover of the heavy-luxury shop that became operational has become visible; The perfumed sales have been transferred to a separate new complex, where the company intends to expand its fine jewellery and wristwatch shops to slow down the queues that emerged during last spring, and the expansion of the fine shop will contribute to the shopping experience.
In recent years, with rising consumption trends, jewellery wristwatch sales have been strongly supported by the gift scene at the end of the year and the beginning of the year, while the demand for perfumed products has continued to weaken, and help companies have upgraded their product mix. Companies have indicated that, although the ratio of perfumed in stock remains high, it is higher than before.
In two years, the overall inventory improvement has been significantly improved, and since the beginning of the year has been largely reduced by the use of perfumed products. The airport’s supplementary agreement has landed.
A few percentage points have been restored, and the passenger flow recovery process is still slower than expected (and we expect the average per capita consumption to return to 70 per cent of the level before the 2019 outbreak). It is worth noting that the renewed agreement has deepened the cooperative binding with the airport, while rents have been secured at the jewelry wristgate, in addition to the standard duty-free shop.
Samsonite (1910hk)-4qpreview: 2. China consumption 2024 outlook: uneven recovery after overseas luxury consumption tracking-repression demand release
Figure 2: Silver International Expectations vs. Bloomberg Unanimously Expectations