Events: China did not publish a short performance report, which met expectations. In 2023, the company ' s revenue of $67.576 billion \triangleright improved its Māori rate throughout the year. In 23 years, the Māori ownership rate was 31.44 per cent, up from the same year.
\triangleright 3.42 pcts, which continues to optimize profitability and benefits mainly from good company discount controls; and, as measured, a new rental agreement between the company and Shanghai Airport was implemented in December of the year, with an optimisation of the cost end.
Liu Wenzheng's new lease agreement is in place and is expected to reduce the company's rent costs and release profit space.
A new rental agreement is signed at the capital airport. The adjustment programme makes a significant downward adjustment to the rate of deductions, which, if the sales were to meet certain criteria, would effectively ease the rent pressure and reduce the cost of their sales by improving net corporate interest rates.
Previously, the rate of seizure at Shanghai airport and the capital airport at t2/t3 was 42.5 per cent-47.5 per cent and 43.5 per cent respectively. We believe that, as the flow of incoming and outgoing passengers gradually decreased, the company’s airport’s tax-exempt performance increased by the official opening of the 3A International Free City Area C, the world’s first exclusive business of high-end make-up perfume.
On December 28, the company Sanya International Free City Area C was officially opened for the world’s first single commercial complex of high-end make-up perfume, with 78,000 square metres of building space and two floors up and down.
A total of 132 perfumed brands, together with one-stop shops, such as catering, have been introduced, with a total of 176 brands operating in area C, including the first brand introduced by various Hainan duty-free markets. We believe that the liberalization of this district C perfume has the potential to enhance client shopping experience and attract customers further.
1. China ' s 3-quarterly edition of the 2023 report (60188.sh) Review: q3 Māori ring ratio continues to improve, stock is gradually optimized Investment proposal: companies enter the q1 tourist season and the flow is expected to increase further with the opening of the fragrance hall
In the medium-to-long term, we recognize that, with the restoration of the new rental agreement, China will be able to make a difference.
Review: Māori rate ring improvement, expected performance improvement in the second half of the year - 2 will contribute to the follow-up of tax-exempt operations at company ports, and the municipal tax-exempt policy is expected to accelerate, contributing to the short-term review: q2 net profit for mothers increased by 13.75 per cent, compared to 13.75 per cent.
\triangleright 4. One-quarter report point in China (60188.sh) 2023. Methodological and analytical logic leads to conclusions, independent and objective presentation of the present report and accountability for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects research by researchers.
The findings are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party, and the researcher has not received, either directly or indirectly, the licensing of the securities investment consulting business by the China Securities Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the CSRC”) as a result of, or because of, or because of specific recommendations or views in this report.