China ' s mid-term zero (60188.sh) performance rate for 2023. Cost optimization supports growth in performance, tracking consumption recovery and policy tempo.
In 2023, the company achieved an operating income of 67.576 billion yuan, a 24.15 per cent increase over the previous year.
Realization of the net profit attributable to shareholders in listed companies is RMB 6,717 million, an increase of 33.52 per cent over the same period.Nin Xin Xin Xin took the view that: 1 in 2023 the company achieved a net return profit of RMB 6.7 billion/+34 per cent, slightly better than our previous performance forecast of RMB 6.4 billion.2 The company ' s fourth-quarter Māori margin ratio declined, but the single-quarter return net interest rate remained stable at a moderate increase, with an optimal projected cost rate of RMB 2023.
Progress in customs clearance policy in Hainan has constrained the company’s movement, and the rhythm of the perfume class has to be tracked. But considering the company’s continued stifling of Hainanca, the first/second phase of upgrading in Bay, the three projects are under way; active negotiations with the airport to optimize rent pressure and co-exist with the airport; and the expectation of tax-exempt policies in the city of departure of future citizens, with medium-line potential for the entire channel “Hanan+ Airport+Online + Intra-Market” layout. It is recommended that follow-up consumption options be followed up.
The company achieved a net return profit of $6.7 billion in 2023, an increase of 34% compared to the previous performance forecast, which was slightly better than the pressure of a gradual recovery in consumption and airport rents in 2023, with China showing relatively steady growth under a low base. But considering the second half of the year,
In the end, China’s real business performance was somewhat better than our latest performance forecast for the whole of 2023. The fourth quarter saw a slight decline in the Maori round, but the single quarter’s net return interest rate remained stable and the cost rate was expected to improve.
In a situation where operating costs tend to be higher in the fourth quarter (year-end awards, etc.), we expect a more balanced cost in the 2023 quarter, with an optimised cost of q4 in addition to rent. In addition, inventory price decline preparation and accounting, currency exchange gains are yet to be officially disclosed in the company’s annual report.
In 2023, Hainan did a flat overall tax exemption, with a 13% tax exemption increase in 2024 New Year's Day, but the price of the passenger unit remained flat overall tax exemption in 2023, mainly due to a gradual recovery in consumption, strict control of sub-purchases, and the effects of the peri-cyclical effects of the spices. In 2023, Customs supervised a total of $43.64 billion ($495.49 billion in 2021/202) in duty-free sales off the island, a 25% increase compared to 2022.
The corresponding unit price fell by about 12 per cent in 2021. The corresponding unit price fell by 22 per cent in 2022, an 81 per cent increase over 2019. For each category, the tax-exempted spices in Hainan in the three quarters of 2023 increased by only about 5 per cent at the same low base, significantly below the rate of growth in other fine groups, mainly because of the need for overdrafts, such as the hoarding of goods, under the influence of the price wars of the previous two years, and the gradual recovery in total consumption, thus delaying overall performance.
On New Year's Day 2024, the amount of duty-free sales in Hainan rose by 13%, but was largely dependent on the contribution of increased passenger flows, and the unit price remained high. For the third day of New Year's Day, the Seagate co-supervised duty-free purchases off the island amounting to $475 million/+13%, the number of duty-free purchases amounted to 657,000/+53%, the average per capita consumption amounted to $7228/-26%, with a relatively stable performance under the low base. The average annual New Year's holiday was sold at about $160 million, a decrease of 5% compared to the two-day holidays this year; the average number of daily shopping was about 22,000.
In addition, China-South Asia International Free City is officially opened at the end of December 2023. In the future, Hainan’s optimisation of tax-free supply is expected to increase its combined appeal and help grow in the long run.
At the same time, on December 28, 2023, Sanya International Free City No. 2 (c) was expected to open, mainly in the form of high-end fragrance, in conjunction with various practices and catering services centred on fragrance, with the hope of enriching the supply of products, upgrading the customer’s experience, and enhancing its core competitiveness. In the future, the Triad Bay three projects are still under way.
It is hoped that, in tandem, such as the Dynasty, the Episcopal Luxury of the River Episode II and the Tateguri III will strengthen the integrated competitiveness of its Bay Sea projects, and continue to consolidate its position as an absolute leader in tax-free shopping in Hainan. Figure 4: Changes in the composition of the tax-exempt categories in the first three quarters of this year
Figure 5: Average sales and unit prices on duty-free holidays in Hainan: Performance in 2023 is slightly better than expected, with future core tracking of consumption recovery and policy progress, maintenance of the “buy-in” rating in 2023 and firm operating pressure and a marked reversal of stock prices due to progressive recovery in consumption, fragrance pressure, airport rent pressure and policy tempo.
At this point, with the re-signing of the company’s rent agreement with the capital and Shanghai airport at the end of 2023, the pressure on the tax-free rent from the airport is expected to ease and give more flexible development space to future airport duty-free operations. Meanwhile, the company’s latest fast report for 2023 is slightly better than our previous performance forecast, and we expect its costs to be further optimized, with a greater focus on business efficiency.
In addition, Hainan is still active in optimizing its capacity. In the face of the challenges of the new situation, the company is also active in upgrading its management capacity and competing for more favourable ways of upstream and downstream cooperation in pursuit of sustained growth.
Phase I/II upgrades in Bay Sea, phase III in progress: active negotiations with the airport to optimize rent pressure and co-exist with the airport; and expectations for tax-exempt policies within the city of departure of future nationals, medium potential for full channel layout of Hainan+Airport+Intra-City, maintenance of the middle line “buy-in” evaluation schedule: profit forecast and valuation of priority companies
Policy risks, market risks such as increased competition among new entrants, macroeconomic systemic risks, systemic risks such as natural disaster outbreaks, airport rent pressure, risk of significant exchange rate depreciation, and the pace of opening or operating new projects may fall short of expectations. “China’s Māori rate (60188.sh) – three-quarters continued to improve, with attention paid to the performance of the Hainan Wang season business and new projects” – 2023-10-09
China ' s Medium-Term Exemption (60188.sh) - China ' s reported performance shows positive signs, looking forward to the low base performance in the second half of the year and the opportunity for a tax-free New Deal. China ' s Medium-Term Exemption (60188.sh) - Quarterly net profit pressure, comprehensive layout to meet the new challenges of new opportunities. - 2023-04-28 Author ' s assurance that the data used in the report are from compliance channels. The logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding, with reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author