The South-West Securities Research and Development Center (WRDC) opened up a new space for growth by integrating overseas.
• Core logic: 1) As the company's top customer, the upper steam group has received about 63.8 per cent of the revenue, benefiting from a strong vehicle cycle, which is expected to generate about 9.9 per cent of the combined growth rate over the next three years, and the growth of the related business in China will be effectively boosted. 2) The acquisition has been prolonged, Jiangsen consolidated, and the company has opened up a new independent growth space for itself.
As the company’s top customer, the upper-mortality conglomerates launched a replacement tour at the end of the year, and in 2017 they launched Scordakodiag, Cheflanequinox, erx5.
The weight of product lines has been significantly enhanced, with the upper gas group now in a strong upward spiral, with a compound growth rate of about 9.9 per cent expected over the next three years for the upper gas group.
The low valuation of the history of Chinese automobiles is mainly due to the excessive share of Chinese automobiles and upper-mortality trading, the lack of imaginable growth space, and the inability to match reasonable growth valuations. Then, by buying longer, by integrating Jiangsen, China has gradually advanced its strategy of neutrality and internationalization.
We believe that the establishment of a joint venture between Yang Feng and Jiangseng to import quality assets and customer resources in Jiangseng is an alternative model for integrating high-quality assets around the world, and Jiangsun is just the first step, and the significance of this step for the company to recreate a Chinese domain, and the interior carrier is already in shape.
Low valuations, high dividends, and high value for blue. Firms are strong, and the average share of red since they came on the market is about the number one in the car's parts and components section, low valuations, high dividends, and high investment values.
The dollar, which corresponds to 11 times, 10 times and 9 times the size of the industry of the Chinese car interior, the huge future growth space for Yangiangsen abroad, and the high interest rate of the Chinese automobile, giving the company a fleet of vehicles a sale or less than expected.
In 2009, the company listed its shell bus stock on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, after which the company’s controlling shareholders were added to the company’s stock group to finance the internal spare parts.
The entire product is injected into a Chinese automobile, which currently holds 60.1% of the company's shares directly and indirectly in the upper-air consortium. Six major business plates, with 66% of the revenue from the interior and the interior: the company has the six largest business plates, namely, “Intra- and internal adornment, functional aggregates, metal formations and moldings, electronics, thermal processing, new energy components.”
High. In 2016, the company achieved business income of $12.300 billion, of which 66.2 per cent was received in the off-site apparel business, and when the company’s first-time shares were listed, the insider grew robustly, with the outreach acquiring 50 per cent of the long-fail Wei-Tung stock and 100 per cent of the transfer of cars, and in 2015, Jiangsen consolidated the rest of the insider business that he controlled, except for the seat.
Revenue growth has been steady since listing, with corporate revenues breaking by hundreds of billions in 2016, reaching $124.3 billion. In terms of net profit returns, a compound increase of 15.2 per cent in the company ' s net profit over the last five years, with no negative growth, has exceeded the average growth rate in the industry.
Figure 3: Changes in net corporate returns since listing and rate of increase
The upper-mortality group’s joint brand is heavily invested in new vehicles, which have been moving into a product-upgrading cycle since 2016. The upper-mortality group has accelerated its products since 2016, concentrated fire on the suv product line, sank the suv channel, and increased product power will strengthen the competitive advantage of the car company.
Caddyxt4 a class and mass teramont class b class suv, which has been significantly strengthened, and we believe that the upper-gas group is currently in a strong upward spiral. The upper-gas group is still the company’s top client, and the upper-car cycle will boost firm growth.
Formerly known as the Steam Group ' s Stewardship System for Parts and Components, in order to develop a core competitive supply chain for neutral parts and components, the Stewardship Group has taken advantage of the bus stock to re-engineer its parts and components into its bus stock. The Stewardship Group is still the first customer of the Stewardship Group, which is the absolute leader of the Chinese automobile industry, and has grown steadily in sales and operating revenues in recent years.
As can be seen from the figure below, there was a high correlation between the business growth rate of the Chinese automobile and the upper-mortality group between 2011 and 2014 and the company in 2015 as a result of the restructuring of the long-fisted car apparel system with the United States of America's self-controlled global car interior.
Related data, such as business earnings, have changed considerably. Overall, the correlation between the performance of the company and the upper conglomerates is gradually diminishing as the company’s neutralization strategy moves forward, but for the time being, the upper conglomerates remain the company’s number one customer, and the strong motor cycle of the upper conglomerates has taken a significant turn on the company’s performance.
Figure 4: Upwind group operating income and growth rate Figure 5: Upwind group sales increase, growth rate and correlation with growth rate in Chinese automobiles 3 Longer: New growth, re-creation of a Chinese domain 3
3.1 The historical low valuation in China is due to the overrepresentation of related transactions, the over-intensity of the upper steam, and the inability to predict accurately the performance of the historical valuation system in China, which in 2011-2014 was 7.3 times higher than in the Chinese automobile valuation system.
We believe that the low valuation of the history of cars in China is still due mainly to the excessive ratio between cars in China and the upper-mortality group, the lack of conceivable growth space for performance, and the inability to provide a reasonable growth valuation.
3.2 The acquisition of Yangtze, the new and growing Chinese territory, the Yangtze Tung Automobile Apparel System, Inc., was established in 1994 and was co-invested in 50 per cent of the shares of the Shanghai Automobile Industry (Governance Group) and the United States Ford Motors Company (Today Weiselstone International Holdings Ltd.) on a 50 per cent scale.
In August 2013, Chinese cars acquired 50% of the shares held by Wei Se-Tung for $930 million (5.75 billion yuan), making Yanfeng a fully-owned subsidiary. The interior is a long-run self-employment operation, adornment, seating, electronics, and security as joint ventures.
Figure 9: Brief description of the long-run operations of the Camp, which was established in 1885 as the world’s first-ever manufacturer of thermostats, and as the world’s largest independent supplier of car parts and seats. In March 2013, because of the loss of its interiors during the fiscal year 2012, the company’s interiors lost their share of profits.
In July 2013, January 2014 and April 2014, Jiangsen resold its homelink car electronics business, the remaining electronics business, the roof shed and the sunscreen business to the subsidiaries under the banners of Sote, Wei Se-Tung and Atlas.
Global auto interior restructuring. Both parties, using equity injections, asset injections, etc., have incorporated assets (or business equity) into new interior companies (Gansen Self-controlled Car Insignia (Shanghai) Ltd.) in separate batches, eventually holding 70% and 30% shares in new interior companies, respectively. From December 2014 to November 2016, the new interior companies owned 70% and 30% respectively.
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Secretary of the Party Committee, China Automotive Systems, Inc., and renamed it the Long Front Car Inner Systems, Ltd. By buying the Long Front, the cars in China formed a joint venture with Yangeng and Jiangsen to import the high-quality assets and customer funds of Jiangsen.
Source, a new model of alternative integration of high-quality global assets, we believe that Jiangsen is only the first step, which means that companies can recreate a world like China, and that space for the future is a world-class market of trillions. 1) Prolonged acquisitions, all-round upgrading of China’s combined capabilities, and laying the groundwork for the next step in integrating Jiangsen.
The foreign capital giants such as Setung, Jiangsen, with high-end product lines such as auto electrons, seats, passive safety of cars, and by acquiring full capital to buy the long line, China has made up for its own lack of high-end products to some extent, boosted its branding and combined strength, and laid an ambush for the next step in integrating Jiangsen.
In the form of a joint venture, Jiangsen’s high-quality assets are integrated, and the world’s champion carriers are born. In the form of assets and equity injections, Yanghur and Jiangsen have been able to integrate their respective operations into new longline interior companies, tied interests, shared resources, and quickly infiltrate their products and clients.
Jiangsen is only the first step, and the interior carrier is slightly expected to attack the city. The inner packaging sector market is large, but relatively fragmented, mainly because of the small technological differences between the inner packaging industry and the typical size of the customer matching relationship.
Disaggregated industries. So two of the most critical factors in the interior industry are size and customer resources, and by integrating Jiang Sen has become the world ' s best industry leader, and we think that Jiangson is only the first step, and that the future long-flag attack on the city as an interior carrier is worth looking forward to.
4 is still rich in dividends, with stable dividends, stable dividends, and higher dividends. The company's basics are robust, and its performance has continued to grow steadily since it was listed, while maintaining the value of each of the car parts and components that we have selected as the benchmark for the industry, and the rest of the interior.
The average value of the company selected in 2017 was 12.4 times that of the industry, taking into account the status of the Chinese car interior.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.