Clinical Lights, and a series of reports from the Cro Medicines series, The Tegs, 300347, focused on clinical trials of new medicines. The company was dedicated to providing clinical trials for the development of new medicines.
Contract Research Organization for Process-wide Professional Services (cro) to provide comprehensive clinical research services and solutions for global pharmaceutical and medical equipment innovation, reduce R & D risks, reduce R & D cycles and save R & D costs.
Research Assistant: Lui Kuang, the rate of receipt of clinical trial technical services and related services for clinical trials increased rapidly from year to year. The ratio of receipt of clinical trial technical services and related services from the company in 2019 was 48.23% and 51.77%, respectively.
From 2013 to 2019, the number of clinical trials in China rose from 345 to 2400, a trend that has continued to rise in recent years.
Each year, the number of clinical trials in the United States rose from 12,894 to 3151, with an average annual increase of 6.70%. The number of clinical pilot projects in both places is expected to remain on the rise, with the prospect of increasing the volume of corporate business.
Seven of the new drugs have been developed with the help of the Tiger Medicines or subsidiaries. The number of Be bioequivalency tests has increased significantly since the introduction of the consistency evaluation.
According to cde data, the number of Chinese Be tests rose from 136 to 1121 between 2015 and 2019, an increase far greater than the overall clinical trials. Additional orders continued to rise, there were sufficient orders in hand, and the capacity to digest orders increased.
The number of people rose to 4959, or 31.46% in cagr; with an increase in the number of active orders over and above the year-round, the company’s continued increase in the number of personnel is expected to increase the rate of digestion of the orders and thus its performance elasticity. The corresponding valuations are 65.6 and 51.0 times, respectively.
Consistency evaluation brings with it a great deal of clinical trial demand, companies have ample orders, and capacity expansion is proceeding in an orderly manner. With the rapid growth in China’s pharmaceutical markets, particularly the clinical ones, companies are expected to continue to grow at high rates in the future.
The medical coro series has been transformed into a depth report (300759), based on laboratory chemistry, back-end business expansion with enormous potential.
The Medicines Cro series reports a decrease in the amount of financing invested, the risk of exchange rate changes, increased competition in the industry, etc.
1. Cro Clinical Headlines: Outsourced streaming pillars of research and development focus on clinical trial services for new medicines. The company is a contract research organization (cro) that specializes in providing full-time services for clinical trials for new drug research and development, providing comprehensive clinical research services for global pharmaceutical and medical equipment innovation enterprises.
With solutions to reduce R & D risks, shorten the R & D cycle, save R & D funds, promote product marketing, and allow patients to use up-to-date and better medicines and medical products at an early stage. The company is based in Hangzhou, with more than 60 subsidiaries, and has over 100 service networks in China’s main cities, Hong Kong, China, and Taiwan.
10 countries, including Japan, Malaysia, the United States and Europe, with an international network of nearly 5,000 people