The company is a leading industry in the country's blood industry, and it's a new industry.
Incidents: The company published its annual report for 2019, during which it achieved operating income, net profit return, slurry was the highest in the country for many years, and the number of blood products in its possession was the highest in the country.
During the reporting period, companies contributed mainly to proteins and static props, with a relatively small but higher percentage of income. In 19 years, they effectively contributed to the increase in the Māori rate (+2.62 ptt).
In 2019, 1706 tons of slurry (+8.8%) were extracted. As the slurry stations gradually increased in both new and single stations, the growth in the slurry volume of companies was certain. During the reporting period, companies continued to increase their academic outreach of products and to increase end-cover coverage.
15114, or 28.3% over the same period, of which 5017 are covered by pharmacies, an increase of 36.11% over the same year. The development of new products and the expansion of production capacity will contribute to a further increase in the use of the combined plasma.
The construction of the two main bases, Yong-Aun and Yunnan, has progressed steadily, with approximately 80% of the construction and installation of the Chengdu Yong-seong project having been completed and about 70% completed. Once completed, the company will have two single-plant production bases with a slurry capacity of more than 1,000 tons, greatly expanding the company’s slurry capacity.
Profit forecasting and investment rating: The firm’s leading position is strong, slurry upswing, capacity expansion and productivity upscaling, variety enrichment and structural excellence will support the company’s continued growth. We expect the company to be a source of financial prosperity in the East.
Terrestrial organisms (600161): There has been a steady increase in 19 years in performance, with the advantages of increasing the scale of new products, research and development, and capacity expansion.
Given the firm’s established trend toward massification, the company’s dominant position is that its current unit plasma production value does not match its slurry volume because of product structure and capacity constraints. At the same time as expanding the slurry source, expanding production capacity and optimizing the product structure are important growth drivers for the company.
A steady increase in the performance of 2.19 years, the continued expansion of slurry stations and a significant increase in end-covering 2.119 The firm achieved a steady increase in operating income of 762 million yuan in 2019q4, a decrease of 12.81 per cent in the same year, and a net return of 144 million yuan, an increase of 27.76 per cent in the same year;
The net profit from non-mortality was 144 million yuan, an increase of 29.02 per cent. Income decreased from 2019q1-3 and from bulk issuance of major products: net return and non-mortality increased as a result of the low profit base of 2018q4. The company contributed mainly to proteins and static props during the reporting period, with 4.134 million bottles sold, an increase of 10.8 per cent, and 330.75 million bottles sold in Stillc, an increase of the same amount.
In terms of Māori, the company has effectively contributed to the increase in Māori rates by increasing the amount of slurry, sepsis transfers between subsidiaries, and raising the rate of product collection. The Māori rate of 2019 is about 49.76%, an increase of 2.62 ptt over the previous year. Companies ' cost rates have been relatively stable during the reporting period.
Figure 3: Sales of the company ' s main products over the last three years (million bottles)
During the reporting period, the company actively promoted the expansion of the slurry station, with the approval of a new slurry station, the opening of three slurry stations and the completion and construction of three more. The number of single slurry stations (including substations) in the company now stands at 58, including 52 at the slurry station. The number of new slenders developed throughout the year increased by 9.15 per cent compared to 12.29 million.
The collection of 1706 tons of plasma, an increase of 8.8 per cent, continues to be the highest in the country. The growth in the volume of slurry by companies has been certain as a result of the gradual establishment of new and existing single-station slurry stations.
2.3 Increased academic outreach, with a significant increase in the number of terminals covered The company continued to increase the academic outreach of its products and its terminal coverage during the reporting period. In 2019, the company’s sales cost was approximately $231 million, an increase of 16.01 per cent compared to the previous year, which was higher than the increase in income. The total number of terminal coverage in 2019, supported by strong sales inputs, was 15114.
Eastern financial and intellectual sources have largely covered major focus terminals in provinces and municipalities outside Hong Kong, with the exception of Hong Kong and Atota. 3. New products development and capacity development will contribute to a further increase in the combined use of plasma.
The company is now able to separate more than 20 products using a layered approach. The company is actively increasing its efforts to develop new products, the company’s ecstasy has been registered, and the human condensate compound has been clinically tested and recombined with injections.
Human condensation factor viii, human fibrous proteins and lysaproteins are at the clinical stage of the iii phase; the human cholesterol enzyme compound in Lanzhou has been approved. The company's combined plasma utilization rate will increase further as the product is being approved.
In order to further enhance production capacity and increase the size of the silt, the company is engaged in building two major production bases, Toyota Life and Shanghai Bloody Yunnan, both of which have 1200 tons of ground-based design capacity, including protein, globin and factor-type products. Currently, approximately 80% of the construction work on the Chengdu Lifelong Project has been completed, and about 70% of the installation work has been completed; and the Shanghai Bloody Yunnan Project is progressing steadily.
Production bases with a slurry capacity of over 1,000 tons greatly expand the company’s slurry capacity. 4. Profit forecasting and investment ratings.
The sale of products has fallen short of expectations, and the expansion of production capacity has fallen short of expectations.
There is a long history of tracking the raw materials, medical equipment, and blood products.
Research assistant profiles, covering mainly vaccines and Chinese medicine. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, the specific recommendations or recommendations in this report.
The point of view is directly or indirectly related. East’s financial and intellectual boom, Atoric Organism (6001661): 19 years of steady growth in performance, and new product R & D and expansion of capacity have enhanced the advantages of scale.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.