The Māori rate is expected to rise again, with year-round growth expected to remain constant.
The increase in the cost of testing compared with the increase in the share of low Maori brand sales has led to a decline in the Māori rate in the first quarter of the quarter, which achieved revenue of 758 million yuan (+7.33 per cent) in the first quarter of 2020 and a net return to the mother of 131 million yuan (+0.2 per cent).
As a result of the new coronary epidemic, static sales have increased by the same amount. Net profits have not increased at the same rate as revenues, and are expected to decline by almost two points, mainly because one quarter of the epidemic is projected to be concentrated in 2019.
Mainly, the three blood products and your state ' s middle-level Tastec brands are less powerful than the average rate of Maori in Yong County, reducing the overall Māori rate. Second, the test costs have increased since plasma joined the nucleic acid test in 2019, but are expected to have less impact.
At the end of March, slurries were resumed throughout the company, and the epidemic is expected to have a relatively small impact on the company in 2020. On the basis of measurements, it is expected that 90% of the raw materials will be slurry, calculated on the basis of a ton slurry cost of 800,000, and 5-6 months in 2019, taking into account the large number of products, the stock “slurry + in products” will be expected to last 7-8 months.
By the end of March, work had resumed, including at the Lake North magma station, and the epidemic had had a relatively minor impact on the company’s plasma in 2020. According to the data issued by the China and China Court of Audit, the company’s protein batch for January/March issued a 1022,000 conversion specifications (-2.4 per cent) and the Silicon batch issued a 2.5g conversion specification of 827,000 (+79.5 per cent).
Overseas epidemics continue, blood supplies are expected to decline, and blood products are expected to continue to rise. Imports of protein are expected to contract as a result of overseas epidemics (about 80% of overseas blood companies are produced in Europe and the United States, 44% in Europe and 35% in the United States; 60% of slurry in the United States and 20% in Europe) are expected to produce blood products throughout the year.
There will be no reduction in total demand: the domestic demand for blood products is rigid, i.e. static or even increasing, and the total supply of blood products will be reduced.
In the next two years, blood products will continue to show a steady upward trend, and prices are expected to move up. The Chengdu Yongyu project is well under way, and Chengdu’s production capacity will be released on schedule, superimposed on new products, and its performance is expected to increase significantly.
By the end of the reporting period, approximately 80 per cent of the civil construction and installation works were completed for the Chengdu Yong-seong project and about 70 per cent of the installation works were completed; The slurry growth was stable and the growth certainty was high. The follow-up work in 2020 will be processed into the system and the project is expected to be completed as scheduled.
2. Terrestrial organisms (600161): Maintenance of rapid growth in income end-of-life access to drug registration for canine patients, completion of clinical trials of human coagulation complexes, stylene, long latitudinal process, increased stock turnover and continued improvement of the climate
Reassembly human crevice factor viii and fibres to carry out iii clinical trials. The permanence of the blood system, the release of capacity, and the delivery of new products (viii factor + siltc) are expected to improve significantly.
The company successfully hosted the Guangxi Crest, laying the groundwork for the expansion of blood sources, and seven more slurry stations were approved, with continuous production capacity and steady slurry growth. Blood products grew steadily in the next two years.
They will continue to be “recommended” over the next two years, with a steady upward trend in the weather, a promising upward trend in prices, guaranteed full benefits of company slurry, which will continue to increase in the weather, with a certain premium. Māori rates will improve less than expected, marketing costs will fall less than expected, and lukewarm blood production will take less time than expected, and products will be produced in the next two years.
Shenhua, two years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, four years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, and joining the civil securities industry in November 2019. The author has a qualification or considerable professional competence in portfolio investment advice granted by the Chinese Securities Association, and ensures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels.
That the logic of analysis is based on the professional understanding of the author, seeking, by reasoning judgement and drawing conclusions, objectivity, impartiality and free from any third party's approval or influence,