On the 28th of April, 2020, the cost of plasma rose slightly, and investment in the reorganisation factor workshop.
On April 28, 2020, the company announced that in the first quarter of 2020, 758 million revenues were raised during the reporting period.
Market value in circulation (million yuan): The company achieved revenue of 758 million yuan a quarter, an increase of 7.36 per cent over the same period, with a Māori rate of 46.34 per cent measured and a slight increase in the cost of ton slurry.
The comments reduce the plasma retroactive period from 90 days to 60 days. When the official draft is released, it is expected that it will increase the amount of slurry that was released during the year to ease the pressure on the slurry.
20q1 batches of solid, cavity factors are expected to enrich the product lines, corporate batches in the first quarter of 20 years, with a total of 2.47.1 million bottles issued, and last year ' s launch of the U.S. Dollar Securities Research-Team Organisms (600161).
The reorganisation of the company's controlled subsidiary, Chengdu Yongxeng, has started three clinical trials in late 19 and the reorganisation of the viia factor is in the pre-clinical research phase to complete the study of the National Dollar Securities Corporation-Study of the Astronomy Organisms (601661) 2019 performance.
The company plans to invest 496 million yuan in production needs for recombinant blood factor products.
In addition to this, the blood-sourced viii factor of Chengdu is in the process of being placed on the market, which is expected to raise the company’s ton of slurry revenue as the products of the Celebrosis Factor are listed.
The planetary organisms have been restructured, the most powerful sources of magma and marketing channels are being re-established, and the value of the business is being re-established.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.