The year's growth in production and capacity utilization has continued to rise, with a profit of $611 million, an increase of 19.94 per cent over the same period, and a higher rate of profit growth due mainly to company connectivity.
Basic data (2020q1) are too persistent for plasma transfers between subsidiaries to increase the overall slurry scale, thereby increasing the productivity utilization and contributing to rapid profit growth; and achieving net profit of 610 million yuan from non-repatriation.
According to the breakdown of products, the company produced 4.1314 million haemoglobin, 3.3075 million haemoprotein, 2.3689 million bottles, respectively, for sale during the reporting period.
In terms of the cost of the period, in 2019, the company’s sales cost rate continued to increase, and the slurry did show an advantage in size, and in order to secure the supply of the product, the company’s plasma collection has continued to increase in recent years.
The expansion of the stations has continued to improve, with the number of single plasma stations (including substations) in the country ' s 13 provinces/autonomous regions reaching 58, of which 52 are in camps; companies are developing teams through the strengthening of slurry stations, innovative models of recruitment and stabilization of blood sources, optimization of the performance of slurry stations, intensification of the branding of blood sources, etc.
The measures, which are re-innovated by annual slurry production, resulted in the development of 12.29 million new slurry contributors during the reporting period, an increase of 9.15 per cent over the same period: 1706 tons of plasma collected, an increase of 8.8 per cent over the same period.
During the reporting period, the company continued to promote the establishment of the terminal hospital network, expanding the number and proportion of the terminal access. In 2019, the total number of terminals covered by the company was 1,5114, an increase of 28.3 per cent.
There are 5017 pharmacies covered, a 36.11% increase over the same period; and the 31 landmark hospitals, with 52 priority hospitals, have largely covered the main focus end points in all provinces and municipalities except Hong Kong and Aotearoa.
Construction and construction of the new Yong-Aun base in Chengdu, a subsidiary that has invested $1.45 billion in construction, has now completed approximately 80 per cent of the civil works and 70 per cent of the installation works; and the new Yunnan base in Shanghai, a subsidiary that has invested $1.655 billion in blood control, has completed the overall containment, initial survey, construction survey, construction work
The above-mentioned bases for the production of blood products are designed to produce 1,200 tons. The products include proteins, proteins and factor products. As they become operational in the future, the company will have two single-plant bases for the production of blood products with a slurry capacity of over 1,000 tons.
As a result of the epidemic, the blood industry as a whole has become more volatile, and since the outbreak of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, more than drugs have been used to deal with the symptoms.
The authoritative medical institutions have issued treatment-oriented diagnostic programmes that recommend the use of human immunoglobin for the treatment of patients at risk, which has led to a significant increase in the use of blood products in 2020q1.
Quarterly performance has been positively affected. In the long term, the epidemic, with the clinical role and use of Qing C as an ancillary treatment product primarily used to increase immunity, will be further recognized and recognized by doctors throughout the country, and will be of great importance for the future increase in per capita use.
In the area of slurry, a lower level of slurry per quarter due to delays in the resumption of work throughout the country is expected to have an impact on the volume of slurry per year. With higher demand for blood products and lower supply, supply and demand may be relatively high throughout 2020.
Tensions are expected to further increase corporate performance. Anticipated risk: increased risk from competition in the market: increased risk from the epidemic.
One of the top firms, stock is rich, and performance will benefit from the ongoing rise in the industry and a decrease in slurry. We look forward to the company's future development and give it an “enhanced” rating.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.