The productivity utilization rate has increased and Chengdu's production capacity will be released as scheduled.
The increase of 19.94% is basically in line with the previously forecasted performance. The company proposes to send 2 shares per 10 shares of the red stock and to allocate 0.6 dollars (including an increase in the size of the slurry and an increase in the collection rate and the increase in the Maori rate).
q4 single quarter net profit return of about $144 million, single quarter share of +27%, q1, q2 and q3 single quarter of q3 net profit return of mothers of $131, 162, 173 million, an increase of 19%, 25% and 11% from the same period. q4 plus rate of increase is mainly due to increased slurry size, slurry between subsidiaries, increased capacity for the production of three blood products, higher unit production costs
The first step is the increase in the capacity of three blood products and the increase in the yield of three blood products, and the second step is the abundance of the product lines. As the capacity of three blood products continues to increase, and so on, it is expected that the rate will continue to rise.
Continue to expand the terminal and increase the Jinglium academic outreach. \triangleright ' s sales cost rate of 7.2% (+0.2 pp) in 2019, sales cost increased by 16% over the same period, and companies continued to increase the Jinglium ' s learning
By 2020, the supply of blood products had continued to improve, and then the cost of selling back could be reduced, and the overall cost of selling could be reduced. The company continued to increase its terminal coverage, reaching 15114 by the end of 2019, compared to \triangleright.
According to the announcement, Chengdu was born in November 2019 to complete the 5% pass on Guangxi and successfully host the Guangxi summit, laying the foundation for a further expansion of the blood mass. According to the company announcement, seven slurry stations were approved (one of which was newly approved in September in Lanzhou County), including the Iibin Station (2020.1), the Xiaoyang Station Subdistrict (2020.1).
(2019.07) and Yunnan slurry stations (end 2018) have been slurized, and old slurry stations are still expected to have about 10 per cent of the lift space, with a cumulative contribution of nearly 610 tons of slurry in three years, and companies are expected to continue to receive new slurry stations, and slurry growth is expected to have a limited impact on plasma supply in 2020.
\triangleright, by the end of the first quarter, the slurry station belonging to the company had resumed its slurry operations, but the average daily slurry has not yet reached pre-epidemiological levels. According to the inventory data disclosed by the company, we expect the slurry + in products to last seven to eight months.
The company ' s plasma supply in 2020 had a relatively small impact.
The performance of the slurry growth is expected to increase significantly, with steady slurry growth and a high degree of certainty; by the end of the reporting period, approximately 80 per cent of the civil construction work on the Chengdu Yongzhengin project had been completed and about 70 per cent of the installation work had been completed;
The project is expected to be completed as scheduled.
During the iii period of clinical trials, the blood-dwelling system, the release of capacity, and the delivery of new products (viii + silvation) are expected to improve significantly.
With the further expansion of the slurry, the increase in the slurry volume and capacity of the three blood systems and of the production capacity in Guizhou, and the increase in the ton slurry profit rate, performance is expected to increase significantly with the expected long-lasting blood delivery in 2021, the release of capacity and the production of new products (viii factor + siltc). The company successfully hosted the Guangxi summit, laying the foundation for the expansion of blood source size, and 7 more.
In the next two years, blood products will continue to rise, prices will be expected to rise, and company slurry will be guaranteed to fully benefit from the price. In the next two years, it will continue to rise and enjoy a certain premium.
The Māori rate has not improved as expected, the cost of marketing has fallen as much as expected, the production of the Equivalence Blood has not progressed as expected, the production of products has not progressed as expected, and the risk of safe production has been felt. Shenhua, two years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, four years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, and in November 2019, she joined the civil securities.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence granted by the Chinese Securities Association for consulting on securities investment, ensures that the data used in the report are derived from the channels of compliance, that the logic of analysis is based on the author ' s professional understanding and that, by reasoning his judgement and drawing his conclusions, he seeks to be objective, impartial and that the conclusions are not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.