A review report from Sky Forum Organisms (600161), dated 02.04.2020 - 2019.
The increase of 11.97% in the same year and the net return to the mother is $611 million, representing an increase of 19.94% in the same year. At the same time, it is announced that the proposed integration is beginning to yield results.
After the reorganization was completed in 2018, production efficiency and internal management efficiencies were approved through internal slurry transfers, which are expected to lead to a further increase in the Māori rate. Q1-q4 revenues are on a quarterly basis, and research and development is progressing well, and new products are expected to improve performance.
The subsidiary has developed its own power, Chengdu's madman was saved from production in early 1900, and the cavity-based organisms, subviii and the collusive enzyme compound have been re-organised at the stage of the listing application.
(b) The human source 8 of the Wuhan blood system is in the clinical trial 3; the pcc in Ranseng, Lanzhou, has been approved for clinical trials;
New products are expected to enrich the company’s product structure, improve the combined use of plasma, and contribute to elasticity. Protein and monocylene issuances are outstanding, syrup still has room for improvement.
In the study by the National Dollar Securities Corporation of 2019q3 and 11.5% of the planet's organisms (600161), there was a significant increase in all three exemptions, with a marked increase in the market of myc. The company owned a slurry station and a slurries that were the leading industry, 1706 tons of slurry (+8.8%) in 2019, based on the company's drug cartel.
In the context of strategic collaboration with the various regions, the expansion of the slurry station has progressed well, with the number of new slurry stations approved between 17 and 19 years reaching 10, 6 of which are in the slurry climb phase and are expected to provide subsequent slurry elasticity:
Given the impact of the epidemic, the company is now fully recovering its slurry and is expected to catch up in the coming months. The planetary biocommodity has returned, holding the most powerful sources of slurry and marketing outlets, and the value of the business is being reshaped.
Liu Hye Min's slurry is not as expected, the impact of the epidemic is higher than expected, and there are risks to the quality of the product. Integration is beginning to yield results, and the Māori rate is rising significantly.
11.97 per cent, with a net return to the mother of $611 million, an increase of 19.94 per cent over the same period; cash flow from operating activities of 19.9 per cent, increased capacity utilization and internal management efficiency through internal slurry transfers in 2018, with the company ' s integration having begun to bear fruit, is expected to increase the Māori rate further with the approval of subsequent products.
On a quarterly basis, q1-q4 received 705 million yuan (+27.49 per cent), 854 million yuan (+28.18 per cent), and slurry taps, with still room for upgrading. The company owns slurry and slurry stations at the top of the industry, and slurry in 2019. There are 58 slurry stations (including substations) in 13 provinces of the country, 52 of which are in camp slurry stations and the remaining 6 slurry stations.
With the completion of the follow-up construction and the acquisition of the slurry permit, it is expected that the company will continue to drive the slurry increase; that progress in the short-term slurry operation may be affected by the epidemic, but that the slurry operation has now resumed at all the company ' s slurry stations and is expected to catch up in the following month; and that the company will expand its workforce at the slurry stations in the context of strategic collaboration between the drug groups and the various locations.
The construction of 10 new slurry stations between 17 and 19 years has been well under way, of which 6 are in slurry and are in slurry climb phase, and it is expected that the slurry elasticity will be provided thereafter.
Research and development is progressing well, and new products are expected to increase their performance. Research and development is progressing well in companies under the company’s umbrella, with rabies who have immunoglobins already produced in early 1900, human cdensity factors viii and human blood clots.
The enzyme compound is already in the process of being placed on the market, with injections of recombinant human cdensation factor viii, autonomous knowledge, autocladation process static and human fibrous proteins, which are currently undergoing three clinical trials, and the giant cellular virus. The immunoglobin is undergoing two clinical trials: the Wuhan blood-based human cdensation factor viii is also undergoing three clinical trials.
During the outbreak, the Wuhan blood system also conducted two clinical trials for the treatment of the new coronary virus, which contributed to the fight against the disease; the Lanseng collage has been approved for clinical trials.
The author, with the qualifications or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultant granted by the Chinese Securities Association, produces this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner. The data that I undertook to report are derived from compliance channels, the logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional integrity and competence. The report clearly and accurately reflects my research views and, by reasoning judgement, concludes that the conclusions are not subject to any third party approval or influence.
According to the Securities Business Licence (z 23834000) issued by the China CSRC, S.E.S.S.C. is qualified for securities investment advisory operations approved by the C.I.S. The securities investment advisory business refers to the relevant qualifications issued by the regulatory authority and the provision of information, analysis, and forecasting by the institution and its consultants for portfolio investors or customers on portfolio investment.
And the behavior that was published to the client.