Resource and Environmental Research Centre (SRRC) Growth in the stockholding of steel (600019.sh) (first rating) Recovery of demand for the benefit of the steel industry in the country
China’s steel industry is absolutely the leader. The company’s main product is the plate, with a gross steel output of 46.3 million tons, and is the country’s first. After the epidemic, the company’s performance rose steadily in the second quarter of the year, with net profit on maternity falling by 36.9% in the first half of the year, which is better than the industry’s average. Total profits in the first half of the year amounted to $5.81 billion, maintaining the industry.
First, it is also the world’s top performer in the first half of the year, highlighting the absolute vanity of the steel industry. There is no replicable competitive advantage. Unique supply chain sticky + high-tech barriers: 1) high market share (60% for high-end cars, 85% for silicon, 60% for home panels, tin plating)
50%) with a strong pricing power. 2) Accompanied deep processing and customization of the entire industrial chain of automobile board products, which enhances customer stickyness, with a clear competitive advantage. 3) Silicon is taken as the “dumstone on the crown of steel,” with high technical bottlenecks, long R & D cycles, high protected river.
The profits of the plates are rising, and companies are expected to benefit from their superior products. Excellent companies are equal to or well above the industry average, and a small group of companies are expected to perform on the same basis.
After the outbreak, demand was released well, and there has been a significant recovery in the recent period. According to our calculations, the amount of steel dollars/tons was 42% and 268%. * In terms of the company’s income structure, chilled rollers dominate, and they contribute the most to profits.
The potential increase in the future is found in the Chamjiang and Mae Steel. The construction project is expected to take place in 2021, and the steel smelting capacity will gradually move out of Nanjing to build a new plant of 20 million tons to achieve the region of Mae.
Nivenvi@aiza.com.cn Uncertainty about the return of profits on the plate: the demand for cars and domestic electricity is not as high as expected; iron and steel production is more than expected. First, the Chinese steel industry is an absolute leader.
Treasure steel shares are the world’s leading modern steel conglomerates, and the core of Fortune’s 500-strong China BMW Iron and Steel Group Ltd. – BMX was founded in 1977 and BMX was born; it was first acquired by the company in 1998, and it was bought with the company.
(c) The sale of assets such as stainless steel to the consortium in 2012, concentrating on the production and sale of niche products.
From 2013-2016, plans were made for the construction of steel and new construction projects to complete the expansion of production capacity. In 2017, the advantages of high-end silica and steel products were further magnified by a stock exchange, and the company actually controlled the State Council’s State Assets Committee, which is the core asset of our steel industry.
Figure 2: Corporate equity structure 1.2 Core products and production capacity and distribution of production lines
The four main production bases of the company, which are based in Shanghai, Guangdong (Thangjiang), Nanjing, Wuhan, China and South China, as well as in the Southeast Asian region abroad, were: the first in September 2017, the first in September 2017, and the first in Wuhan Qingshan.
The production capacity is dominated by chilled rollers, which total approximately 37.4 million tons, and chillers, which together total about 17 million tons, while all four major bases contain cold rollers. Among these, the dominant products, including car plates, silicon steel, are more than 50% in the cities, and the result is silicon steel.
-In terms of corporate income structure, cooled rollers dominate. Gold and steel products contribute nearly 70%. They contribute more than 70%. The net profit is nearly 90%. Less than 10% of the net profit is from other business plates, such as chemicals, electricity suppliers, etc. Iron and steel products are also dominated by plate products.
But it also contributes about 40%, as can be seen from the ton of steel. Cold-rolling products are about 60% higher than hot-roll products.
As a result of supply-side reforms and the merger of steel, the growth rate of corporate revenue has been rising steadily since 2016, and the size of profits has been rising year by year, reaching the best level in recent years by 2018. Starting in 2019, profits from industry have gradually returned to normal, with a sharper decline in company performance.
By the first half of 2020, affected by the new coronary epidemic, the combined steel price index for steel was 100.98 in the first half of the year, a decrease of 7.8 per cent over the same period; 62 per cent of the P-1 iron ore index was US$91.1 in the same period, which was the same as the base, and the sales of steel products were reduced by the same price.
ii. A bottom-up recovery in board profits, where the dominant product is expected to contribute elasticity 2.1 in the second half of the year, is expected to hit a bottom-up recovery in profit margins that are higher than or far above the industry average, and a small number of companies are expected to achieve the same level of performance.
At the same time, with the impact of the epidemic, steel prices and profits will be at a low level throughout the year, and according to our 2020 strategic report on the steel industry, the supply and demand side of the steel industry is projected for 2020.
More than the historical average. Specifically: the average price of the five varieties of steel is expected to be $3717 per ton in 2020, a 7.5 per cent decline in the same year; iron ore, coke, scrap steel and the same ratio in 2020 were affected by the epidemic, with a loss of profits in a quarter of a ton of steel.
The effective implementation of surveillance and surveillance, the sustained recovery of the second quarter of the economy, and the improvement in the performance of the various industries have contributed to the release of demand in the automotive and domestic electricity markets, with a marked return to sales in the second half of the year.
In January-July 2020, the country recorded a cumulative wholesale volume of 9.305 million passenger vehicles, a decrease of 18.8 per cent in the same year. In July, the country produced 16,899,000 vehicles, an increase of 13.3 per cent in the same year, with 804,000 vehicles in medium, an increase of 8.2 per cent in the same year; and in the same year, the output of the suv was 792,000 vehicles.
19.1 per cent long; mpv output, 92,000 vehicles, an increase of 11.9 per cent from the previous year; *Retail sales in the car market reached 1597,000 vehicles in July, an increase of 7.7 per cent from last July, achieving the strongest positive growth since May 2018.
A total of 9.309 million vehicles were retailed, with retail sales declining by 18.5 per cent on a year-on-year basis, a normal rate of 7 per cent lower than the cumulative rate of growth in January-June, 4 percentage points higher, with household electricity growing at a slower season, benefiting from the local post-natal cycle, air conditioners selling well, and the need for cooking power to warm up significantly.
According to industry online data, production of domestic air conditioners increased by more than 20 per cent in June-July, a small increase compared to June. Total sales of domestic air conditioners increased by almost 15 per cent in July, with domestic sales and exports increasing by about 11 per cent and 25 per cent, respectively.
According to the Ovi cloud network, sales on the fuel and stove lines increased by 17 per cent and 33 per cent in July, respectively, and sales below the line decreased by as much as -6 per cent and -9 per cent, respectively, compared to the previous period, with the return of automobiles and household electricity demand, the related board orders are expected to rise in the second half of the year.
Figure 12: Household power steel structure as a share of 2.2 core advantage product high-end chillers and silicon-oriented steel
Carboards are core competitive. 60% of steel cooling boards are carboards and 40% are home panels. Carboards have been strategic products of steel shares, keeping the carboard market at the top of the market for many years.
The line of production motor boards: In 2016 and 2017, the Changjiang steel base added tons. In 2003, the Treasure Steel Company signed a 1,800-mm cold roll joint venture contract with the New Japan Iron Titling Society and Asselho.
In 2004, Sino-Japanese Steel Motors Co. Ltd. was established, located in the direct factory department, to account for an annual production volume of about 1.7 million tonnes (real production capacity in 2015 of 2.4 million tonnes), of which 900,000 tonnes were cold rollers and 800,000 tonnes were thermally plating.
The technology for motor panels is well-established. Bold steel, which started production in 1988 and has so far met the basic needs of car parts and components, has also formed a vehicle board development and application laboratory, with a variety of technologies that are national and internationally advanced. For example, BP cars use steel based on customers.
Increased demand, and development of superlight white body (bcb), which uses a lot of steel, which reduces the body weight by 20-30%. bcb covers the first, second and third generation of steel, including the most recent ones.
New materials such as qp 1180, ms 1500, twip 950 have been distributed with 77.5 per cent high steel applications, of which the share of advanced high steel is up to 42.3 per cent, and bountiful steel has so far been developed with a variety of plating and cooling advanced high steel.
With the combination of steel and steel, the city's share has increased further, and the market is second only to that of steel, and the actual production of steel plates in 2015 has exceeded 3 million tons of capacity, and in March 2016 it was invested in a 2030 cooling project at the port.
Production, designed to produce about 2.2 million tons of capacity, and products are positioned on high-end motor panels and household panels. The production capacity of steel, which can be used to produce motor panels, amounts to 7.75 million tons. The market share of its products reaches 19%.
The market share of the original steel is 50% in the carboard market, and the city’s share has risen further to 70%, leading the carboard market. The production of this steel, the service centres throughout the country, is quick to respond to, and supply, the country’s major car manufacturers.
There are currently 60 steel cutting and processing centres in the country. For example, in the case of more than 30 spare parts factories in the country producing two factories in the east, Bosun has provided a whole-of-the-art + in-the-horizon supply model, achieving a whole service window and a six-processing centre strategy in the regions of East, Central and South China.
There is an advanced, China-friendly "evi" model. The "evi" movement began in the 1990s with the upper gas and the first gas to replace it with the national production of steel plates, and has been gradually enriched, grown and improved with the development of the Chinese automobile industry, among other things.
It's a more complete planning layout, and the links have matured, and it enhances the ability to market its motor panels.
The core technology for the production of cold silicon steel has become the world’s most diverse, specified and productive silicon steel production base. There are currently 16 thickness specifications, 150 varieties, and product quality is at the country’s leading level and is widely applied in the electromechanical, electrical, space and other industries.
In the case of unopposable silicon steel, the martial arts steel, based on the digestion of new solar and iron technology, has been developed autonomously, resulting in a semi-processed series of products, a high-dealing series of products, a high-efficiency series of steel (x series), electric tools and automobile steel (wd series) and a high-magnetic sense.
A series of products that are more complete and unopposable to silicon steel. In the direction of silicon steel, martial arts steel has the capacity to produce 0.27-0.30 mm high-quality hib steel, and to produce a certain scale.
0.23 mmhib steel, the main brands of which are 23qg080-085, 27rk090, 30rk095, 30qg105 and laser marks products.
On the basis of technology for the manufacture of electrotechnical steel, the production of high-plated unopposed silicon steel and the export of silicon steel is rapidly acquired through its own development, becoming the country’s second producer of silicon-based steel, which now forms 1.4 million tons of unopportable electron steel (with a high-platform number of 210,000 tons, as a proportion).
13.12 per cent and 300,000 tons of production capacity for silicon steel (including heb 200,000 tons). Electric steel products for undirected silicon steel are divided by series, mainly general unopportunity electric steel a series; guaranteed delivery of high-magnetic, low-iron-damaged ah series and guaranteed users
In the direction of silicon steel, the bouncing steel has been tested since 2008 for the production of silicon steel lines, generally for silicon steel and highly magnetically sensitive silicon products.
The bulk production of b27g 120 ~ b30g 140 products, the high magnetic sensitivity towards silicon steel, the bulk production of 0.27 ~ 0.30 mm-specific products, the maximum number of which is b27pl00 and b30p105, and the laser marks are b27r095 and 0.23 mm specifications.
The initial success of the process was achieved, and B23r090 products were entered into the certification phase, filling the domestic void. The merger became the king of silicon steel, with the absolute advantage of high magnetic sensitivity to silicon steel.
The steel has 1.7 million tons of silicone, 2.08 million tons of silicone steel, and, when combined, 3.78 million tons of silicone steel, both of which together account for close to 85% of the market in the field of silicone steel. At the same time, the company has the technical advantage of high-magnetized silicone, and over the last 10 years, the steel and the steel have been in the direction of silicone steel.
Competition in the field has led to a sharp fall in product prices, and this negative factor will be eliminated after the merger. The supply and demand patterns of the industry are expected to improve continuously in the future, prices have begun to rise, and companies will benefit fully from taking the lead in silicon steel.
The high barriers to the production of silicon steel. The strictness of the purity and accuracy of the content of silicon steel makes its production process complex and its manufacturing techniques difficult, especially with regard to the high-licensed hib steel.
High-tech barriers determine the dominant nature of the price supply. Like other high-end manufactures, stable demand, and barriers to technology and market capacity-constructing make the cycle towards silicon steel more biased.
To dominate, it is characterized by short-cycle elasticity, with high-end varieties such as hib enjoying a monopoly premium because of their technological thresholds.
3.1 Increment in contribution from the Chamjiang project: Adjustment of Structure + Release. Samang Gang Steel Co. Ltd. was established on 18 April 2011 and officially started work on 24 May 2012 in Tunghai Island, Tangjiang City, Guangdong Province. The registered capital is $20 billion, of which Treasure Steel Co. Ltd.
With 90% shares, Guangdong Heung Jian Investment Holding Co. Ltd. holds 10% shares. As one of the four largest steel manufacturing bases, the Chang Gang Dongshan base is the National Steel Industry Restructuring and Revival Program, which combines the national major construction project to restructure the steel and steel complex; it is the phase-out of Guangdong Province.
More than 16 million tons of behind-the-shelf steel production capacity have been adjusted to the “modern green steel base” built by the industrial structure.
On 24 May 2012, the Chanjiang Project submitted a request to the State Council for its agreement to merge and restructure the National Development Reform Commission, reduce regional production capacity, relocate the city steel plant and implement the relevant plans, and promote the plan.
The Authority adjusted and approved the Changjiang Steel Base Project, which was built on an annual scale of 9.2 million tons of iron, 10 million tons of steel and 9.38 million tons of steel, of which 4.48 million tons of hot, 4.9 million tons of rollable and 4.9 million tons of chilled goods, while setting aside future development space.
On the one hand, the Chamjiang region has a clear logistical advantage, and has a significant geographical advantage with Shanghai headquarters.
By contrast, reducing the distance between Brazil and Australia’s main ores, without the need for a re-reverse, would be beneficial in reducing transport costs. On the other hand, the Guangdong region, where the Yangtze River is located, is an important concentration of automobiles and domestic electric steel, and also radiates the South-East Asian region, facilitating the export of South-East Asia.
Intelligent production brings about efficiency and low production costs. The cold-rolling plant at the Chamjiang base is built with intelligence, with a 10% increase in the engine speed, a 10% increase in the production capacity, a per capita output of 2,000 tons, a production efficiency of about twice that of the company as a whole. At the same time, the cash cost of production at the Chamjiang base is about $300 less than that of the Boshan base.
Tons, the full cost is lower than that of the Baoshan base.
The project started at the end of May 2012 and was launched on 1 September 2015; the furnace was set on fire on 2 July 2016; and on 12 September 2016, 1550 cold-rolled smarts were installed in the Shanjiang, which has the capacity to produce silicon steel and carbon steel fine steel.
The production line was fully operational, marking the completion and smooth completion of the construction work on the Chanjiang Steel Project, which was able to produce 8.75 million tons per year.
Pilot production of high furnace No. 1, conversion system No. 3, 2300, construction work at the Chamjiang base
Three high furnaces, object, lime 1 & 2, switcher, 2150 company.
We've got 4,200 slabs, cold rollers, hot loads, test cars.
Scene load test vehicle, September 11th, September 11th, April 11th.
Three furnaces, steel, 1 1 1 1 50 acid scrubbers, high furnace two.
Project direct, casting works open, air station build-up.
Fire test production, load test vehicles, start-up.
The cold-rolling engineering line is complete.
In the next five years, the company plans to build new furnaces 3 and 4, with a total investment of $18,850 million. When the project is completed, the total size of the steel plant will be annual.
12.25 million tons of iron, 12.28 million tons of steel, 1081 million tons of steel. New major production facilities include: a 5050 m3 furnace, a 350-ton converter, a 1780 mm heat roller, a 1750 mm cold roller, etc.
At present, the construction of the Zamjiang Sanctuary is progressing well as planned, with the start of the hot-rolling project in May 2019, the start of the cold-rolling and scalding project in June and the expected relocation of the Salt City in 3.2 meth steel and the construction of a new plant of 20 million tons.
• In 1998, Mae Steel became an affiliate of the Treasure Steel Group. After more than three decades of development, it became a billion yuan fixed asset of about 40.5 billion yuan, with about 21,000 employees and some 16,000 acres of land, with 7.3 million tons of iron, 7.6 million tons of steel, 7.5 million tons of hot rolls and 1 million tons of acid washboards per year.
Production capacity for rolls and 850,000 tons of chilled products, mainly in the area of smelting and pressurized processing, marketing, etc., with a total asset of $27.22 billion, chart 28: Treasure Mountain Base
Figure 29: Predominant geographical area of Mae Gang, and access to land and water  At the end of 2018, the People's Government of Jiangsu Province, the People's Government of Nanjing City and the People's Government of Salt City of China signed a Strategic Cooperation Agreement to jointly promote the industry of the Bo Wumei steel region (mine-containing area) of China
Transfers and transformations to promote the transfer of the steel industry to the Jiangsu coast are planned to take 10 years (by the end of 2028) to move the steel smelting capacity out of Nanjing City: a new industry has been created, a new industrial city has been built, and the region has been transformed and upgraded.
A major effort has been made to promote the construction of a green steel base in the Salt City, the installation of a 20-ton-scale steel project in the Salt City Harbour Harbour Industrial Park, the strengthening of investment and cooperation in areas such as ports, ports and harbours, and the adoption of positive measures to promote the location of the project.
One-time planning and phased implementation of the refined steel project. The first phase of the project, with a capacity of 8-10 million tons and an investment of 50 billion yuan, is scheduled to start construction in 2019.
China's BMW Group has given priority to the relocation of the iron and steel company Baoshan Steel and Steel Co. Ltd., which is affiliated with the Iron and Steel Flag Company, and will create a multi-win scenario. “Meishan is a small branch, a big strategy, and a long triangle.
For Nanjing, on the one hand, the Mesan region, where mineral resources are depleted, will become a long-term ecology.
Rehabilitating the function from serving businesses to serving cities and residents; on the other hand, free space facilitates the development of a new model for cooperation in the Sanning area, and explores the integration of non-Shanghai areas into a new strategy for long-triangular integration.
Salt City, on the other hand, is an important port city in the coastal area of Jiangsu's “1+3” functional area, suitable for the development of a mega-industrial production system, located on the northernmost wing of the Long Triangle, which will be structured above the sea as a new long-triangular integration pattern at both ends of the West and North Wings.
It will be built to be intelligent, environmentally friendly, equipment-making, global, advanced, whole-stream steel complexes, and new, eco-friendly, internationalized, and modern plants. At present, the company has launched a Salt City Base Project, which will undertake project planning and development.
In July 2019, the company passed the Bill on the Establishment of the Bold and Salt City Steel Co. Ltd., which proposes the establishment of the Bold and Salt City Steel Co. Ltd., with a registered capital of $500 million, for the overall feasibility of the project.
As a result, and subject to the approval of the company's board of directors, the Iron and Steel of Salt City was replenished or otherwise adjusted accordingly.IV. Profit forecasting and investment proposals . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
• In terms of production: affected by the epidemic, production from the first half of the year ' s youth base (War and Steel) has declined, with the company projected to produce 44.5 million tons in 2020, a 5.7 per cent decline from the same year; production in the following year is expected to return to pre-epidemiological levels and to remain at 4,700 tons.
* Prices: In 2019, the annual average price of hot and cold rolls was $3850 and 4290 per ton. The average price for the first half of the year is projected to drop by around $100 per ton in 2020 and the price of cold rolls is projected to fall by about 100 per ton: all other steel products are projected to fall by $100 per ton. Steel prices are expected to fall from the epidemic in 2021.
• Profitability: based on the level of profit we measured for the five major varieties of steel in January-August, heat rolls, cold rolls, medium plate rates of $367 per ton, $222 per ton, $422 per ton: taking into account the premium capacity of the precious steel product and the potential return of the second half of the year ' s plate.
In view of the recovery from the epidemic, the company was the leading company in the country, with the highest capacity, a high market share of products, and a first-time “uptake” rating given to the company.
The two main products driven by corporate profits are motor panels, home panels, directly affected by downstream car sales, and home appliances. The fall in sales in the automobile industry over the past two years has had a greater impact on corporate profits. After this year’s epidemic, automobile sales, especially after mid-year, have recovered relatively.
Clearly, however, there is uncertainty about subsequent continuity, which does not exclude the possibility of low-level swings, when the volume of car sales is at the bottom. On the other hand, as the profits of the plates return, the production capacity of the major planters has recently increased and production activity has increased, putting pressure on the supply.
In the case of cars, although recent sub-indicators in the automobile industry have improved, the overall early warning indicator is still in a bad mood. According to the Chinese Air Association, the price of cars is reduced by four.
Over 40% of GDP, with a low increase in prices, suggests that the price of cars is still not stable, and that the current growth is largely based on strong promotions by the mainframes, and price swaps by distributors. According to the SAC, the drop in vehicle sales in the second half of the year will be reduced by around 5%, and by around 5% throughout the year.
The same-year drop in cars is around 15%, and the total number of end-to-end sales in passenger cars is 18 million throughout the year. The overall demand is now at the bottom level, but it is not excluded that the follow-up demand continues to be lower than the domestic electricity sector, with a gradual recovery in domestic electricity demand in the second half of the year, mainly due to the stress of the previous period.
In this case, the logic of the post-natal cycle is an important factor in the need for home electricity to return to heat, and if the subsequent policy of property regulation is tightened and the sale of goods falls, the completion of the heating falls short of expectations and will affect the demand for household electricity. At the same time, the impact of the epidemic will affect the demand for household electricity.
The global economy has entered a recessionary cycle, with some domestic electricity companies exporting more, not to mention the excess expected decline in overseas orders due to the epidemic. Iron and steel replacements released more than expected.
With the impact of this year’s epidemic, it is expected that the large-scale launch of the replacement capacity will occur in four quarters, not to say that the over-expected release of the capacity will bring about the supply side of the industry.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment