Three-quarter performance pressure for future light hydrocarbon cracking or recovery — satellite chemistry (002648.sz) incident evaluation report — satellite chemistry release, third-quarter report 2022: first three quarters of business capture
Huangyb@cfsc.com.cnq3 has been squeezed up and down and down, with a fall in performance compared to the same year, three quarters of which has been affected by a new coronary epidemic, geopolitical conflicts and macroeconomic fluctuations.
The company ' s main raw materials and energy prices continue to be subject to high innovation, with the main operating costs at the same price as the c2 industry chain: US$ 8.1/mmbtu at the q3 cost end, ring - 3.6 per cent, US$ 7.9/mmbtu at the same rate as +55.8 per cent; US gas at $7.9/mmbtu, ring ratio
c3 Industrial chain: projected contract price (cp) for q3-cost Saudi propane at an average cost of $657 per ton, ring ratio - 16 per cent, year-on-year - 3.7 per cent; demand-side average domestic pp price of $8126/ ring ratio - 27.7 per cent, year-on-year - 46.8 per cent.
Sterilized taps, new low-carbon chemical materials (pdh) with an average profit of -1091/t in three quarters, with a reduction of 185/t in the ring ratio, and light hydrocarbon cracking or healing, with expected marginal improvement in performance
The cost of the company’s main business for the fourth quarter will be effectively reduced, and the price difference is expected to improve considerably. The US price of ethane has recently fallen to $5.8/mmbtu, and the supply of ethane in the context of high oil and gas prices has been accompanied by a rapid increase in natural gas production, while the U.S.
Limited export capacity in the country has led to reduced gas prices in Europe, and future prices of ethane are likely to remain on a downward trend. The demand for core products such as polyolefins, acrylates, etc. are already below the cost of smaller and non-integrated manufacturers and are more strongly supported below.
As the impact of the epidemic subsides, demand recovers, and the price differentials for light hydrocarbon cracks are expected to continue to improve significantly, the company’s performance will continue to be repaired.
Liam Cloud Pulse Ltd. produces 1.35 million tons per year, 2.190 million tons of e-0e and 260,000 tons of joint installations project, phase II of which is fully operational and new green chemical materials are being built. The Industrial Park project is expected to produce 200,000 tons of ethanolamine and 800,000 tons per year.
Tons of polystyrene, 100,000 tons of α-vinyl hydrocarbons and ancillary pe, 750,000 tons of carbonate, and the company is expected to open up the growth space. Economic downside; high price volatility of raw materials; failure to deliver productive capacity; downstream
The Chemical Group introduced Wong Xiaobin: cfa as a witness, and the Chinese Academy of Sciences held a Master of Chemical Engineering position in the Great Wall, with five-year securities.
Research experience, focusing on industrial chains such as fibre optics, tyres, new materials, Liu Han: Master of Science from Nakayama University, three years of research on major commodities in energy industry, and joining Chinese securities in 2022 reflect my research views.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The information, opinion, etc. does not take into account the specific purpose of the investment, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, and does not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person. Investors should independently evaluate the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial position, etc.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.