Satellite chemistry (002648.sz): 3-quarter performance pressure to leap to low-carbon new chemical material recommended for first time coverage
As a result of the effects of satellite chemistry, the increase in gas prices led to an increase in the price of ethane, with an average price of q3 ethane in 22 years, and an increase in the cost of the ring in three quarters.
Basic data (2022.10.24) Under pressure, but as of 21 October, the price of ethane had fallen to $0.40 per gallon, and the company ' s cost advantages for the ethylene fission process would be apparent, with the company ' s second phase of the Quantities Harbour Project added to the project
On the third quarter, the company ' s c2 chain profits will recover gradually. c3 On the other hand, demand is weak downstream in the chain, with a change in the average price of q3 acrylic acid/acrylic acid/polypropenes/polypropenes on average, and a marked fall in the price and performance pressure. The company continues to extend the c3 chain to the upstream layout of its annual production.
The 800,000-ton pdh, 800,000-ton butanol, 120,000-ton new quintoe diol project, which produces 200,000-ton per year in downstream layout, will further enhance the company’s resilience to pressure. The construction projects are steadily advancing, new energy sources, new materials projects are continuing to grow dynamic energy.
Disaggregated production of high-value-added downstream products, including 400,000 tonnes/year polystyrene, 100,000 tonnes/year ethanolamine, 150,000 tonnes/year battery-grade carbonate in the Green New Materials Industrial Park phase, which is expected to be ready for production at the end of the third and fourth quarters of 2022: 1,000 tonnes/year alpha-vinyl hydrocarbons.
The construction of the medium-test device has begun, and the project, which provides “cane neck” raw materials for the second phase of the Green New Materials Industrial Park, will benefit from the rapid growth of Poe demand, which will be raised by the future two-provincial +n penetration rate: the 40,000 tonnes/year eaa project, built in partnership with Ssk, is expected to be operational by the end of 2024.
In 2022-2024, the company embarked on a large number of projects, using available resources to move towards new energy sources, new materials, and to push for a shift to a low-carbon chemical new materials technology company. Product prices fluctuated significantly; propane and ethane prices fluctuated significantly; and construction projects were not on track.
The data used in the present report are derived from information that we believe is now publicly available and, through independent judgements and conclusions, seeks independence, objectivity, fairness, and the conclusions of the report are not shared with other parts and persons of the company, as well as issuers of securities, listed companies, foundations, securities asset management companies, specific customers, etc.