- Detailed reading of the Postal Bank's semi-annual report for 2020.
• Growth in revenue collection and apps is positive, with performance comparable to that of the industry. Corporate net return profits increased at the same rate in the first half of the year as net profits of commercial banks increased at a rate equal to the rate of 9.41% during the same period. Profit falls by 2.13 pct and 4.57 pct, respectively, before collection and provision.
This is mainly due to the increased size of the provision, and the positive contribution is mainly due to the accelerated expansion of interest-bearing assets and the trend of the Unit in comparison with Deep 300, which recorded a 2.42 per cent net interest gap for companies in the first half of the year, a decrease of 8bp compared to the previous year, but a decrease much smaller than that of commercial banks in the same period, 11bp and large.
Line 9bp. Interest-bearing asset rate of return and interest-bearing liability cost rates have decreased by 8 bp and increased by 1 bp, respectively, as a result of falling market interest rates and increased deposit competition. Companies have actively adjusted their capital structure, with asset end-to-end personal loans with a higher rate of return.
• Good asset quality, accelerated expansion, 0.89% bad corporate rate at the end of the season, 3bp up slightly, second lowest in listed banks, and asset quality preponderance. Due to equal annualized negative loan generation in the first quarter of the second quarter, concern groups and more than three months overdue
Loan deviations have fallen by 12 bp and 9 bp, respectively, from the end of the previous year, at a lower level in the industry, and the pressure on hidden non-performing loans has been low and reduced. In addition, provision coverage and lending ratios have been raised by 12.82 pct and 21b, respectively, by the end of the second season, with capital replenishment periods.
While the pace of short-term profit release has slowed, the company’s fundamentals are robust, with a strong asset-quality advantage. As the epidemic improves and the economy recovers, there is much room for counter-bullying profit.
1. Postal Bank (601658): The most dynamic and dynamic business, with a steady advance in retail strategy. First, steady and moderate asset quality and accelerated expansion.
In the first half of the year, net profits increased at a rate of 18.46 pct compared to a quarter. The profits decreased by 2.13 pct and 4.57 pct compared to a quarter before collection and provision, respectively, and still split.
The slowdown in performance was mainly due to the company’s increased contribution to the provision. The annualized credit cost for the second quarter was 1.69%, an increase of 77bp from the first quarter.
The interest-bearing and interest-bearing liability cost rates are 8 bp and 1 bp higher, respectively, compared to last year. The asset end-of-the-end rates of return are mainly due to lower market interest rate trends for all types of interest-bearing assets, while the end-of-the-debt deposit competition increases and costs are more rigid, leading to higher rates of cost of interest-bearing liabilities. In response to downward pressure on interest differentials, companies actively adjust the asset-liability structure.
The average balance of debt-end deposits as a percentage of interest-bearing liabilities decreased slightly from the average of interest-bearing liabilities in 2019. The cost pressure was somewhat mitigated by the active liability cost ratio, which followed the interest rate of the equivalent market.
At the end of the second season, the negative rate was 0.889%, the ring increased by 3bp, slightly higher than Ningbo Bank in the listed banks, and the asset-quality lead was prominent. Cross-checking of all leading indicators indicates a pressure on the generation of bad loans.
In general, the firm’s asset quality has improved steadily, its position in the listed bank is strong, and its future advantage will continue to be maintained as the pressure from hidden non-performing loans has subsided.
More specifically, the small increase in the overall negative rate is due mainly to the higher rate of poor corporate-type loans. As companies increase their poor disposal and write-off, and signs of weak economic recovery, the negative rate of public and private loans at the end of the second quarter is 6 bp and equal, respectively, compared to the end of the previous year.
The negative impact is very limited in the future, as the economy continues to warm, business resumes at the core level of the company, primary capital adequacy falls by 47 bp, 56 bp, and 60 bp, respectively. Capital replenishment is sustainable.
Overall, while the pace of short-term profit release has slowed, the company’s fundamentals are robust, asset-quality advantages are prominent, and poor lending creates less pressure and is resilient to risk. As the epidemic improves, the economy recovers, and there is much room for counter-bullying profits.
pb0.75 times the static level. Maintains the “recommended” rating. Figure 12: Summary of data projections for the financial statements of the Pbband Bank
Work experience in leasing, private fund-raising, securities and banking. Has been involved in research in finance, domestic electricity and the coloured sector. Has worked in the Bank of China, joined the author in 2019 with the qualification or considerable professional competence of a securities investment consultancy granted by the Chinese Securities Association to ensure that the data used in the report are derived from a compliance channel. The logic of analysis is based on the author’s professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks to be objective, impartial and not subject to the approval or influence of any third party.