Ningpo Bank (002142): Super-expected profit growth, sustained asset quality excellence Ningpo Bank
Incidents: On 24 April, Ningpo Bank published its 1-quarter report for 2020, resulting in a net return of 4002 million yuan, Ningpo Bank was established on 10 April 1997 and 1.52 pct in 2007. At the end of March, total assets amounted to 1.44 trillion, with a negative rate of 0.78 per cent, and a provision of 524.1 per cent.
On July 19, the country became the first country to have a core-level capital adequacy rate of 9.6 per cent on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.
Markets, familiar customers, are access principles and adhere to the “door-to-door” business strategy, with the objective of diversifying the client's financial services, creating “corporate banking, retail sales”
The higher-than-expected growth in profitability benefits mainly from faster growth in size (interest-bearing assets with higher ratios, personal banks, financial markets, credit cards, paper industry with 23.8%), and non-interest income (52.4% per annum).
The nine major asset ends: with a strong capital replenishment in 19 years, the company increased its credit investment, 1q20 lending, profit centres, and a diversified business growth model.
One-two of the new loans made throughout the year. Reflecting a downward trend in loan interest rates, credit lending has been scaled up in order to lock in gains.
Retail credit demand is expected to recover gradually with the resumption of work.
The policy leads the entity down the cost of economic financing, the loan rate of return is under pressure; at the end of the debt, there is intense competition between deposit partners, and the cost of deposits rises. On the other hand, companies leverage financial market operations to leverage more efficient use of funds, increase overall profitability and achieve higher-than-worker roe; 1q20 seasons
In 2019, Ningpo bank achieved a net revenue of $7,784 million in fees and commissions, an increase of 58.2 per cent over the previous year, mainly as a result of the continuing deep-deep consumer credit operations, and the faster growth of credit card instalments and fees. At the same time, wealth management and private banks started to grow well.
Revenue from sales charges, such as funds, insurance, has increased faster. Net fees for 1q20 seasons have increased by 47.9 per cent over the same period, and the share of revenue collected has increased to 24.18 per cent. Poor net yields have been 0.63 per cent, and the ring has been flat.
The performance of a trading enterprise or the impact on the quality of the company ' s assets: the impact is limited on a quarterly basis; the quality of the following assets is expected to remain stable, taking into account the prudential nature of the Ningpo Bank.
Investment proposals: In the context of the transformation of the light banking strategy, Ningpo Bank retail operations have maintained a high and medium growth rate, with an increasing share. Under regional advantages and market-based business mechanisms, unique SME-hosting businesses, and high-end targeting of individuals, have created a wide range of profitable growth spaces for companies; and wind control capabilities have continued to be prominent.
The poor rate continues to be low, and the higher provision is a huge margin for profit-reducing countervailing.
Profit growth is high. Ningbo Bank 1q20 achieved revenues of $10.86 billion, an increase of 33.7 per cent; net profits of $4.02 billion, an increase of 18.1 per cent; pre-repreparation operating profits (ppop) increased by 32.8 per cent, an increase of 8 pct over 1q19. Performance splits: one quarter of high performance is contributing on a scale, a non-interest, a tax, a negative contribution with a difference, a cost, and a provision.
Contributions are increasing significantly, with loans growing at a rate of 31.6 per cent and interest-bearing assets increasing by 23.8 per cent on a year-to-year basis; interest-bearing income continues to grow at a rate of 19 years, with 2.
As a result, interest-bearing assets increased by 23.8% in the same year, with an additional loan of 55,972 million in 1q20 and an additional one-half in the entire 19-year period. This represents a response to the downward trend in loan interest rates, whereby companies pre-empted to increase their credit lending to lock-in gains.
In 2019, new loans to the public, individual loans, discount instruments accounted for 57.9% of the total new loans, Eastern financial booms, and retail credit needs are expected to recover as a result of the resumption of work.
The primary reason for this is that at the end of the asset end, the policy guides the entity ' s economic financing costs down, and loans.
At the end of March, there was a high rate of return; at the end of the debt, there was intense competition among deposit partners, and the cost of deposits rose. On the other hand, companies leveraged financial market operations to increase the efficiency of their use and overall profitability, resulting in a 5 per cent increase in their investment in roe:1q20 single-season bonds, which was higher than that of their counterparts, and a high increase in the income from intermediate operations as a percentage of revenue. In 2019, Ningpo Bank achieved a net revenue of $7,784 million in fees and commissions.
The same-year increase of 58.2 per cent is due mainly to faster growth in income from operations such as bank cards, agencies, etc., which has benefited from continued deep-cultivation consumer credit operations, and faster growth in credit card payments charges. At the same time, good wealth management and private banking have started, with faster growth in income from sales charges such as funds, insurance, etc. The share of net fees earned in the 1q20 season has increased by 47.9 per cent over the same period to 24.18 per cent.
4. The quality of assets is less affected by the epidemic, the quality of assets is stable and stock is adequate. Data from the quarterly report shows that at the end of March, Ningbo Bank had a negative loan balance of $4,577 million and bad loans.
The ratio is 0.78 per cent and the ring ratio is equal; the concern is that the loan rate is 0.74 per cent and the ring ratio is flat; the loan rate is 6 bp to 0.86 per cent lower at the end of 19 years, with less potentially adverse pressures. Dynamicly, the negative net yield of 1q20 is 0.63 per cent and the ring ratio is equal. Markets are generally concerned about the operation of foreign trade enterprises in the Zhejiang region or about the quality of corporate assets: the impact is limited in one quarter; and considering Ningpo Bank’s prudential control.
The quality of the following assets is expected to remain stable. The coverage of the provision (524.1%) is flat, at a higher level, and is more resilient to risk.
Ningbo Bank (002142): Super-expected growth in profitability, continued asset excellence, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East, the source of financial and intellectual growth in the East.
East Hing Securities Corporation reports Ningbo Bank (002142): Super-expected growth in profitability and continued asset excellence
Master of Arts in Finance and Economics, University of Cambridge, United Kingdom. Years of experience in banking, career studies in gold securities, seaton securities, Skywind securities banking.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
Nor does it guarantee that there will be no change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report what is objective and impartial, but the views, conclusions and recommendations in the text are only for information purposes, and the information or opinions in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the securities in question, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not related to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and trade in securities issued by or for the companies mentioned in the report.