Ningbo Bank: In the past, looking forward to the future, high profitability, high growth period — Ningpo Bank (002142.sz) covered the first report, insisting on “light assets”, the vanguard of the city's comptoirs: Ningpo Bank insists on “Project 211”, Big
Recommended (first coverage) Retail and “123” customer coverage schemes, relatively fragmented equity structures and diverse shareholder backgrounds, which have led companies to implement a career manager system earlier; companies have established long triangles, with bead triangles, etc.
The Ring Bay is a two-wing “one-wing” development strategy, deep-cultivating high-quality business areas, well-positioned regions, with significant advantages, and is gradually becoming the city’s comptoir and leader. The net profits of companies remain high.
The company’s Roe has dominated a large number of listed regional banks since 2015, and the banks’ top volatility, which is smaller than that of other regional banks, has been growing steadily and rapidly. The company’s asset quality is excellent, and the non-performing lending rate remains low at 0.78 per cent at the end of 2019.
The development of a large retail strategy promotes upscaling, and the overall profit growth and scale of individual business contributions: under the guidance of a large retail strategy, the company highlights the development of individual business. Individual business itself is growing, its size and profits are increasing, and the company’s personal business has grown strongly in recent years, reaching a five-year compound growth rate.
An increase in the size of personal deposits and a decrease in the average interest-bearing rate of individual deposits. Interest-bearing assets have increased, with a compound growth rate of 18.47%: the size of the company’s interest-producing assets has continued to grow.
3.90 dollars, based on the relative valuation and the absolute valuation method, we predict that the "recommended" rating will be given to the pe dollar of Ningpo Bank in 2020, and according to the relative valuation method, we predict that the pe reasonable zone of Ningpo Bank in 2020 will be between 11.5 and 14.
In the range of 2 to 2.4, the pb corresponds to a reasonable share price range of $31.50-33. An absolute valuation method is used to analyse the sensitivity of financial science and technology.
We're different from the market's view, which simply suggests that Ningpo Bank has provided a very high level of coverage and asset quality in recent years, and we're analysing the company's own geographical location, customer screening, business strategy and regional economy.
The company is located in the rich areas of Jiangnam, where the country's economy is most active and the financing needs are most high; the strategy of “big banks are bad, small banks can't do it” is maintained, creating a unique identity; and the selection of high-quality customers is focused on attracting attention from services and so on.
Business transformation risks, regulatory risks, and force majeure risks. 1, Ningbo Bank: “light assets” and differentiated management of the city's front lines.
The Bank of Ningbo was founded on 10 April 1997 by 364 institutions and corporate legal persons and 2.421 natural persons, including the Ningpo City Fiscal Authority, the Ningpo Economic Technology Development Area Finance Corporation and others, and was registered as “Nin” on 13 April 1997 and renamed “Ningpo Bank Co. Ltd.”, which became the first registered in July of the same year.
In the direction of its development, the company continuously explores the path of differentiated development by integrating innovation and upgrading the transition, insisting on the service-entity economy as its fundamental starting point and starting point. In the selection of the “Kinglong Gold Award” for China's financial institutions, sponsored by the Financial Times, the company was awarded the “Small and Medium Banks of the Best Micro-Finance” prize.
The company won the award for “Small Financial Services Bank for Excellence in Competitiveness” in 2018. The firm was determined to pursue its differentiated business strategy of “Big Banks can't do it, Small Banks can’t do it” and focused on large-scale sales and light capital business development.
At the strategic level, companies adhere to the 211 Project, Large Retail and 123 client coverage schemes, with relatively fragmented equity structures and diverse shareholder backgrounds, which have led to the early introduction of a career manager system; companies have established a long-term career management system.
The triangle is dominated by a two-wing “one-wing” development strategy with the bead triangle and ring bay, deep-farming of high-quality areas, accurate regional positioning, and significant advantages, gradually becoming the city’s comptoirs and poles. “Project 211” is a strategy to strengthen the real economy. In 2018, Ningpo Bank launched Project 211.
The banker's clients have expanded the coverage of financial services through continuous consolidation of basic business and customer base. In combination with regional markets and customer characteristics, Ningpo Bank has fully realized the comparative advantages of corporate banks and retail companies in their priority products, providing integrated financial services programmes for the various categories of real-economy clients in the region.
Large retail and “123” customer coverage schemes capture potential clients. In 2019, Ningpo Bank launched a further “123” customer coverage scheme based on Project 211, which is designed to achieve 10% coverage of the local household population by individual banks in each branch and 20% of the target clients of retail companies for micro-enterprises over a period of three to five years.
For Ningbo Bank, as for other regional comptoirs, the company’s operations are fundamental, while large retailing and various types of intermediary operations are in the direction of transformation. The share of corporate deposits and loans in total lending is about 60% and 80%, respectively, and the company’s banking characteristics are clear.
In 2006, the company introduced an offshore strategic investor, the Hong Kong Expatriate Bank of Singapore.
The company has two directors, each from the Bank of China, the Ningpo Development Investment, and the Yagor Board of Directors, representing 12.50 per cent of the total membership, which together accounts for 37.5 per cent of the members of the Board, after deducting independent directors.
The proportion is 54.5%. Corporate board members have a relatively balanced background, which provides a good framework for corporate governance. 1.3. Farming high-quality business areas.
Development of strategies to further expand the scope of the real economy. By the end of 2019, the company had 14 branches and 21 first-tier branches, three subsidiaries, with 378 institutions, and in March 2019, Zhejiang and Su, Beijing, Shanghai Shenzhen/Changdong, the company's branch in Huzhou, were won.
In terms of institutional distribution, there are branches in the nine cities of Zhejiang Province (Ningbo, Hang, Wenzhou, Kimhua, Shao Heung, Taizhou, Ka Heung, Li Shui, Lake State) and the first branch was set up in Shanghai in 2007.
In 2019, corporate loans were invested mainly in the Zhejiang, Jiangsu and Shanghai regions, accounting for 62.99 per cent, 22.56 per cent and 6.60 per cent of total corporate loans, respectively, which together accounted for the solid development of the long-triangular region, while Ningpo Bank also developed the Pearl Triangle and the Ring Sea region.
The total amount of loans from Beijing is increasing every year. Zhejiang and Jiangsu are the most economically advanced regions of China, with a high per capita income contributing to the company’s large retail strategy.
Under the conditions, the share of individual corporate loans in total loans has increased year by year. By the end of 2019, the balance of individual corporate loans stood at $176,698 million, an increase of 33 per cent from the beginning of the year. The share of individual loans in total loans was 34 per cent, an increase of 2 percentage points from 2018, and was slightly lower than in Shanghai than in Beijing, Nanjing and Jiangsu.
Banks. The high average interest rate on individual loans increases the average interest rate on corporate loans in general, and increases the total assets and net assets of companies in terms of 1.4, high assets, high-growth regional banks
Ningpo Bank’s net profit growth rate is the first in a listed region, while total assets continue to grow at a very high rate. Between 2016 and 2019, net profits grew at a three-year compound rate of 20.4%, leading a listed regional bank, far higher than a listed regional bank.
The banks’ net profits grew at a median rate of 9.83% over the three-year period. The net profits grew at around 20% since 2016, especially in 2019, when companies were well ahead of regional banks.
1.5 Focus on large retailing Companies maintain a business strategy of “big banks don’t do well, small banks cannot do” and focus on large retail and light capital. Companies’ large retailing, middle-level trading, and profit-making ratios have increased across the board.
The company ' s large retail business, proposed in 2014, consists mainly of traditional personal and retail company operations, two retail lines. Retail customers are more sticky and less price-fixing, and play a crucial role in keeping banks on a high net profit spread in the market of interest rates.
The company’s personal operations are based on high-quality services, continuously strengthening the four basic operations of saving deposits, consumer loans, wealth management, payment settlements, and building three major business brands of wealth, white collar, and payroll. The three product brands lead the individual’s business to a more profitable performance.
Figure 9: The Ningpo Bank's personal business product accounts for wealth management and private banking.
White-collar provides non-collateral personal credit loans to preparers in the amount of 500,000, 300,000, 200,000, 150,000, 100,000, 50,000 loans for a maximum period of three years.
The conditions for applying for a loan are subject to a threshold in which the borrower is divided into three categories: civil servants; teachers, doctors or other staff; and middle and senior managers of the enterprise.
This effectively meets risk control. “Pay money” not only has a traditional banking payroll function, but has been upgraded to an integrated financial services program for “worker.”
A professional customer manager who, in the month of the opening of the accounts, conducts a paid-for-bread financial integrated service programme for the enterprise, led by strategies such as large retailing, has seen a marked increase in the company’s personal operations. The company’s operating income is rising, as is its operating profits and its share of total profits. In 2018, for example,
Personal operations account for 29.84 per cent of the revenue, providing nearly 35 per cent of the operating profits, and the profit contribution of the personal business increases the size of the personal deposits.
The average interest rate on the Ningpo bank's personal deposits is declining, the company's individual retail business is characterized by a higher rate of return on money.
Increasing credit support for small and medium-sized enterprises, increasing the size of individual loans; average interest collection on individual loans; interest spreads on individual loans continue to shrink. After 2017, as the lending structure of individual loans continues to optimize, individual consumer loans continue to dominate, housing loans increase, consumer loans and housing loans increase.
Prices have increased the rate of interest on individual company loans to 7.74% in 2019, an increase of 58bps in the same year. Companies are actively pursuing national inclusive financial work requirements and developing retail company operations. In 2019, retail customers increased to 294.214 households, an increase of 31% in the same year; retail company line deposits were $92.4 billion, the same amount.
In order to improve the development of large retail operations, the company began “Project 211” in 2018, with a three-year plan to expand the coverage of financial services through continuous consolidation of basic business and basic customer base by servicing 20,000 individual bank clients, 1,000 retail company customers, 100 bank customers per branch.
Small-scale capital operations are mainly intermediate and financial market operations. Companies are constantly expanding the scope for cooperative work, creating new and rich product systems, deepening their market-based business, increasing their share of middle-level business such as trading and surrogates, and working to become one of the best partners in financial markets for small and medium-sized counterparts.
For micro-enterprises, Ningpo Bank has created a branded service, the Golden Pool, which is designed specifically for small businesses, as an integrated financial services model that combines finance and finances. Building a comprehensive financial services brand for small micro-products such as credit finance, cash management, international operations, and “Golden Pond” micro-enterprises is constantly upgrading micro-enterprises.
Levels of financing, settlement, e-banking, etc. packages of financial services. Products are unique and meet the needs of small and medium-sized enterprises in various directions, such as micro-lending for small and medium-sized enterprises with homes, homes and businesses in Shanghai, small and medium-sized credit loans with no collateral, and easy lending.
On May 11, 2020, Ningpo Bank announced an increase of 380 million shares in a non-publicly released stock.
During this increase, major shareholders actively subscribe to it, with the active participation of all parties. The second largest shareholder, the Chinese Expatriate Bank, subscribes to 20% of it as the largest subscriber, and locks it for five years; 18.7% of it, the “Ningpo City Track Transport Limited Division” under the auspices of the National Finance Committee, is the third largest subscriber.
A 20% shareholding to the actor continues to be the first major shareholder, with a stable equity structure. The Bank of Norway subscribes 6.6% of this amount, with the remaining nine subscribers covering more than 40 public funds, private funds, social security funds, and an effective increase in capital adequacy at the core level.
The size and ratio of deposits to the company’s interest-paying liabilities are rising, and the average rate of interest-paying among regional banks has some advantages. As the corporate interest-bearing liability structure of the company’s interest-bearing liabilities (i.e. depositing and dismantling of joint and other financial institution funds and buying back sales) has declined rapidly, rising the proportion of bonds payable has resulted in the cost of the company’s interest-bearing liabilities and the country’s share of the debt.
While there is no significant advantage in terms of industry, the average rate of interest-bearing liabilities paid by companies in regional banks is lower than water, and the decline in debt ratios can be explained by financial deleveraging, but the ratio of corporate debt to other regional banks over the same period has been industry-based.
The reduction in corporate co-debates is covered by the absorption of deposits and the payment of bonds, which is the main solution. The company insists on expanding the deposits as a basic resource for transformational development, with 2019 receiving 16.10% of the deposits, corresponding to the same regional banks as Beijing, Shanghai and Jiangsu.
The movement of bank deposits in Ningpo is higher than in Beijing, where 54% of bank deposits are in Shanghai, and Jiangsu, where 45% are in Jiangsu. The low-cost band of current deposits is the lower interest rate for companies – the rate of interest on company deposits was 1.88% in 2019, and is among the leading regional banks.
8bp. The company will continue to drive aum growth through good products and services on-line and below-line, leading to savings growth and structural optimization.
Short single-duration periods, quick issuances, and faster meeting corporate capital requirements. Compared with recent bonds payable: corporate paper issued in 2020 with 3 m, yielding 2.4%, financial bonds issued in August 2019 were affected by higher cost of debt payable, and the cost advantage of a company’s interest-bearing liability was not apparent.
The cost of a company's interest-bearing liability is relatively high — the cost of interest-bearing in four major lines is almost less than 2 per cent. But the cost of a company's interest-bearing liability is still lower than that of a listed regional bank or even a share-based bank.3 The asset situation: interest-bearing assets have increased, with a composite growth rate of 18.47 per cent.
The size of Ningpo Bank interest-bearing assets continues to grow, and the share of Ningpo Bank loans in interest-bearing assets continues to rise.
Large credit support for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) — such as Project 211 — led by the expansion of corporate lending and advances. By 2019, individual corporate lending had a balance of $179.698 billion, and by 2015-2019, combined loans were dominated by consumer loans, but as companies moved towards a strategy of strong corporate support for micro-enterprises, individual loans took over.
Consumer lending is no less than the high returns on mortgages, which has resulted in the average interest-bearing interest rate of the company’s individual lending rate on the market. Another pusher in expanding the size of the company’s interest-producing assets is the expansion of its portfolio investment. Corporate portfolio investment has shifted to a monetary fund every year.
Interest income on portfolio investment has risen steadily, and the rate of return on corporate interest-bearing assets is second only to the Nanjing Bank in regional banks with more than trillion assets, but the cost of corporate interest-bearing liabilities is lower than the Nanjing Bank.
The average rate of return on corporate loans was 6.05 per cent in 2019, an increase of 27bp in the same year, and portfolio investment, which has been influenced by financial deleveraging in recent years, has reduced the rate of return on corporate interest-bearing assets, but as the structure of corporate lending has become more focused on individual loans, the rate of return on loans has increased, reaching 4.64 per cent of the rate of return on corporate interest-producing assets in 2019.
The split of the rate of return on the company’s interest-bearing assets shows that the contribution of the company’s general lending to the rate of return on interest-bearing assets is increasing, while the contribution of portfolio investment to the company’s rate of return has declined. This is due to the impact of the financial market’s macro-environment, which has led to a decline in the share of portfolio investment, and to the firm’s strong retail development.
Increasing the share of individual loans and raising the average interest rate on general loans. 3.2. Quality of assets, with the lowest rate of disadvantage in the city’s comptoirs.
Levels. Mortgage loans accounted for 27.62 per cent of corporate loans. By region, the company ' s regional negative rates remained generally stable in 2019, with the Zhejiang, Jiangsu and Guangdong regions amounting to 2,869 million yuan, 517 million yuan and 285 million yuan, respectively, representing the total amount of non-performing loans for the whole sector.
The low rate of non-performing loans and higher risk awareness have led to rising company provision coverage. 2019 Loan provision coverage is higher than that of the Postal Bank, the first bank to be listed. Moreover, corporate regulatory indicators are all in line with regulatory standards and have excellent wind control capabilities.
3.3 The net difference is higher than that of regional comptoirs of the same size The net difference between the net and net spreads of the company is shown in all listed banks, the net spread of the company has a certain advantage, but the net difference is not significant. Due to the limitations of the regional banks, companies pay compared to the four major banks and equity banks
But regional banks that compare the same size of assets are still performing well. In 2019, the firm’s net spread industry performed worse than the net profit spread, largely because corporate capital was leveraged.
4. The middle business is expected to recover, net profits are growing at a high rate, and corporate net profits are growing at a high rate. From 2015 to 2019, the net profits of companies remained at about 20%, while the net profits of most of the banks that had previously performed well during the same period are actually declining.
The net profits from high growth in firms are partly derived from high growth in operating income and also benefited from a decline in net interest earnings and a rise in net returns on investments from good corporate operating income. The net gains on corporate investment reached $6.54 billion in 2019, mainly from the money market fund.
At the same time, the company increased its IMF investment in 2017, adjusted to market conditions, maintained a steady growth in its middle business income in 2017, and continued to increase its profit-making contribution.
The credit card business relies on the company’s advantages in its personal consumption credit operations, and the revenue from credit card instalments continues to grow. The agency business has been affected by the Bank Insurance Board’s restrictions in recent years on the contraction of bank property and managed products, and the agency’s agency’s operations.
Corporate business management costs are high and cost-earnings are less advantageous than regional banks. This is mainly due to, first, the company’s long-term and continuous exploration in individual banks.
Recourse to and innovation of MSMEs financial services, and expansion of MSMEs financial services teams, resulting in corporate operations and management fees Total assets of individual clients aum amount to 437.8 billion a year, an increase of 80 billion by the end of 2018; private bankers ' roe companies have remained high for many years, as high as 20.36 per cent in 2013 and along with the macro-environment of banks
In all the listed banks, the public sector’s performance was still bright. The company’s growth was not so strong before, but it started to improve in 2019. The company’s growth was still on the market.
The company ' s share of net revenue is gradually declining, as can be seen from an analysis of the contribution of the sub-groups of roe. From 2012 to 2016, the company ' s total assets grew at a higher rate than the net profit growth rate – a period when the company quickly replenished its total assets by issuing bonds, giving priority to shares.
The ratio has increased significantly, owing to the gradual transformation of firms as a result of restructuring. The dismantling of Roe compared to the same industry has also been significantly higher than that of its counterparts (where the average industry is based on the average of the urban-based and agro-based comptoirs), but the indicator of net profit/total income in 2019 was slightly lower than that of the industry.
By contrast with the banks abroad in general and the target banks in individual cases, it can be seen that Ningpo Bank Roe and its breakdowns are still in a good position internationally. But it is important to note that the global indicators generally used, we believe, are affected by the epidemic, and the interest rate spreads on loans are at risk of further decline in 2020, but with that,
Corporate lending has grown in size, structure, and net interest income has continued to grow. As a result of the company’s strong retail operations in 2014, it has accumulated better customers in 2019.
We believe that there is still much room for acting as an agent. As the per capita income level of the population rises, as well as the standardization and diversification of market-based varieties of property, the idea of financial management becomes more popular.
We believe that the size of the company’s assets increases as the size of the company’s loans expands, so does the share of loans in total capital production and further optimizes the company’s asset structure.
We use the three-stage ddm model to value the next three years as a high-growth period, the second ten as a transitional growth period, and then as a sustained growth period. The assumptions for the valuation are:
1. Assuming a market-free interest rate of 3.35 per cent, the interest rate on the country’s debt over the past 10 years is worth all;
2. Long-term profit growth: Ningpo Bank ' s net profit growth has been high in recent years and has remained at around 20 per cent for the last three years. So, we predict a 16 per cent growth rate in the short-term period of high growth, with a possible drop in the rate of payment over the period of transition growth and the period of permanent renewal with the rate of high net profit growth, which we predict.
4. The future net profit is significant because Ningpo Bank has remained competitive in the city’s comptoirs. We set a short-term roe of 20%, a transition period of 15%, and a permanent duration of 10%.
gdp is associated with the rate of increase.5 Because of the impact of the constant growth rate and the discount rate on the projected results, we use these two factors as the fair value of shares using the sensitivity analysis of the absolute valuation method, based on the above-mentioned main assumptions, as follows:
Bank Ningbo is a regional bank, with excellent asset quality, wind control, and all aspects of its composition. The analysis shows that Bank Ningbo is undoubtedly the best-looking urban comptoir, and that, in the same year, Bank Ningbo has conducted four three-year strategic rounds of planning to guide Bank Ningbo in a phased and structured manner.
Building its own core competitiveness and achieving steady growth. So, in the future, Ningpo Bank will remain high. We predict that in 2020, the reasonable areas of Ningpo Bank will be between 11.5 and 14, and pb will be between 2 and 2.4 times the size of the business transformation and reform effort.
Business risks: risks associated with business transformation and abnormally high rates of non-performing loans, etc. Policy risks: Following supply-side reforms, our banking regulatory policy has become more stringent, limiting many of the business developments that have led to higher bank revenues on the side of business.
Market risk: Economic downside risks of the Chinese economy affected by the epidemic, credit risks in the banking sector, interest rate winds and other risks: risks associated with force majeure, such as the new coronary virus, which suspends institutions.