"Black Gold" casts "White Horse" and digs for gold when it's right, deep-seated "Black Gold" values, ushering in a second takeoff company located in China's "Gold Triangle" of Energy Chemical Industries.
The Ningdong National Energy Chemical Base core area, based on the rich coal resources in the region, is the first stage of growth in the company from 2015 to 2020 through the release of acetylene.
Carbon 7.5 million tonnes/year, methanol 3.9 million tonnes/year, polyethylene 600,000 tonnes/year, polypropylene 600,000 1 million tonnes/yr, with a 4 million tonnes/yrylene project in the interior of the cloth to dig deep "Black Forest Fit"
The value of gold, in a new round of high speeds and long-terms, is about to take off again. The cost industry leads, and the powerful moat company builds a powerful moat, which is the essence of maintaining long-term competitiveness.
Between 0 and 20% of their peers, the raw material advantage company is in the vanguard of the industry. The company’s polyolefin cost is about 20% lower than that of the company, mainly in the form of reduced old costs, followed by raw material cost advantages such as burning gas methanol, and artificial manufacturing.
This is low. Average company cost savings in raw materials, fuel and power for 2016-2019 are measured at $234 per tonne, depreciation and amortization costs at $810 per ton, and labour costs at $231 per ton. Carbon supply and demand patterns are stable, and company output expansion and performance policies drive the continuation of the coke industry
To produce energy, the 13th Five has exceeded the target, and the coke industry has significantly increased its profitability. As the 10th Four Five-Five further defuses excess capacity, the net increase in capacity is expected to be limited. The demand for coke will be somewhat suppressed as a result of our 2021 pressure on iron production. We believe that it is being supplied.
In the context of the side reforms, the concentration of the coke industry will increase further, and the industry is expected to remain relatively profitable. Companies rely on 3 million tonnes of coke per year to expand their production capacity to significantly increase their profits.
With a new wave of expansion, costs will dominate the new pattern of competition in the industry. We believe that the current surge in coal prices will be phased, that the future will return to reasonable areas, that the coal route will rediscover the cost advantage, and that the cost advantage of the coal route will become more pronounced as oil prices rise.
If the company is fully operational in its construction capacity, the net profit is based on oil prices of $60 and $80 per barrel, respectively.
A new pattern of competition for the costs of the industry chain of the chemical industry, the expansion of the power of the industry over the cycle, was reported by the Chemical Industry on its annual investment strategy for 2021.
[Galactic Chemical] 4th quarter 2020, reporting on the strategy of investments in chemicals Industry: Price-based search for high-growth targets, high-quality breakdown taps Performance period_20200923
Drivers, key assumptions and major projections: drums; oil prices are estimated at $60 per barrel and $80 per barrel at the time of total production of the forward 4 million tonnes/year-old HFO project.
The profitability of the coke industry chain is assumed to remain essentially the same, assuming that the carbon production at the end of 2021 will take place in a two-year period of 3 million tonnes/year project and the production of a three-year period of 1 million tonnes/year of hydrocarbons at the end of 2022, all of which will be at the end of the next year.
Ton/year sales are from home-grown coal, and we have a different view from the market: coal polyolefins are popular brands, the market is very competitive, and the core of the competition is cost.
Today, the sharp rise in coal prices has caused great disturbance to the cost of coal routes, which now exceed the cost of oil routes. We believe that coal prices are phased, will return to reasonable areas in the future, and coal-chemical routes will rediscover cost advantages. Markets are concerned about the increase in coal-line participants.
The Division has a pre-emptive advantage in the layout of the project, which is at the forefront of the industry and has made substantial progress. The company has extensive experience in project construction, management, and strong support from the project team, which also provides a solid guarantee for the successful implementation of the project.
24,191 million yuan, ps $3.28, 3.96 yuan, pe 4.8 and 4.0 respectively. Keeping in view the company's long-term development, maintaining a “recommended” rating.
The project is on schedule: significant progress has been made on the 4 million tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbon project, the risk of a sharp increase in coal prices, a sharp drop in oil prices, and the risk of a new project being less productive than expected.
(i) Our “coal-rich oil- and gas-rich” resource endowments give support to the modern strategic position of coal, also known as “black gold”, whose colour, “gold” is its value. Coal is the country's first-ever energy source and a very important chemical raw material whose value and importance are self-evident.
Coalification is based on coal, which is chemically processed into gases, liquids, solid fuels, and chemicals. Coalification is divided into traditional and modern coal-chemicals. Traditional coal-chemical products are predominantly coke, fertilizer, electrostone, pvc, etc.
Figure 1: Traditional and modern coal industries. According to bp statistics, the share of oil, gas and coal exploration in 2019 was 1.5%, 4.2%, and 13.2% respectively. This resource endowment of “coal-rich and poor oil and gas” has made our oil and gas self-sustainability high in 2020.
The modest development of modern coal industry is not only a powerful means of achieving efficient use of coal resources, but also, and above all, the creation of reserves of alternatives and technical equipment for hydrocarbon resources, which are of strategic importance for energy security in the country. Relevant national ministries and industry associations have been providing incentives, support, and guidance in the deployment of modern coal industry, industrial planning, etc.
As a guide to policy, we believe that modern coal-chemicals will take on an increasingly important role in the long-term development of the future. (ii) The dominance of the company’s location will be highlighted, with a new round of high-growth growth taking place in the Ningdong National Energy Chemical Base, one of the “Golden Triangles” of China’s energy industry, and coal resources in the region.
Coal production is very rich, accounting for about a third of the country's total production: production bases are close to the Yellow River, with continuous restructuring along the Yellow Economic Zone, releasing more water resources for the development of modern industries; regional and surrounding road transport networks are well developed and companies have direct links between their own railways and national railways, and logistics transport is well developed. Through the integration of national and international expertise and equipment, companies have developed “coal, coal,”
Cyclops, Gas, Chemical, Oil, Electricity, Multi-Cycle Economic Chain, which has transformed coal resources from fuel to chemical raw materials, clean and efficient use, is a typical example of a coal Quito Co-Cycle Economics Demonstration Enterprise. The first phase of the production of 600,000 tonnes/year-old hydrocarbons officially opened the first cycle of growth. The second phase of production of 600,000 tonnes/year-olds was launched in October 2019.
3 million tonnes/year of coke, 1 million tonnes/year of HC4 and 4 million tonnes/year of HC4 project in the interior of the country will still be in production, and the Department will officially enter the second round of high-speed long-term. (iii) The contribution of HC and coke is primarily profitable and is expected to remain high-profit.
In recent years, benefiting from the positive impact of the company’s first round of energy release, the company’s revenue collection and net return profits have been growing year after year, maintaining good profitability even in the face of low oil prices.
This will be further enhanced. The Māori rate of HFA has remained in the range of 40-50% since 2015, maintaining a good level of profitability; and caramel production, which will remain at a high level of profitability as oil prices rise in the center and the coke industry continues to lose its capacity.
The firm ' s market competitiveness is directly demonstrated by the cost of more than 15% lower than that of the industry, which is reflected financially in lower raw material output, depreciation amortization and labour costs, but the essence behind it is reflected in the synergy, efficient engineering and fixed-asset investment management capabilities of the corporate integrated industry.
Single-sized industrial clusters, which are closely connected up and down, have significantly reduced investment in single projects, investment in public support facilities, financial costs, energy consumption, logistics costs, management costs, the construction of powerful cost-protector rivers, and the essence of companies ' ability to maintain long-term competition.
(i) A high-profit charcoal project of the Self-Produced Coal Subsistence Corporation, which currently owns 3.6 million tonnes/year of Marin station coal mines, 1.5 million tonnes/year of 4 springs mines, 2.4 million tonnes/year of red 4 coal mines, totalling 7.5 million tonnes/year of coal production capacity. In addition, the 900,000 tonnes/year of Dingjiang coal mines have been completed and reviewed by the Ningxia Autonomous District Development and Reform Commission.
The company’s coal self-sustainability rate will be further increased. As the company’s cokering plant’s raw materials are dominated by a third of its own coal, mixed with an appropriate amount of coal, gas, small quantities of primary coke, coal, thin coal, etc., the carbon grade produced is lower, mainly non-labelled, at the near secondary level and below, leading to a relative price of the company’s coke.
The price of coal is lower, but the raw materials used are also lower: the company is far away from its customers than the charcoal companies in Shanxi and Hebei, and the price of coal from the same class is relatively low. Thus, the company’s revenue and ton cost of coke business is significantly lower than comparable companies such as gold technology, energy, Botellon, Shanxi caramelization, etc.
Based on coal mining, companies use coal to wash and process the production of fine coal and out-purchase part of the fine coal. Coal is comfocated. The root cause of the company ' s Māori tons, which is significantly higher than comparable companies, is the high self-sufficiency of the company ' s raw materials, public figure 11: Māori monotons of cokering operations ($/tons).
Figure 12: A comparison of the Māori (ii) polyolefins cost advantages in the cokering business, the long-term development of the moats, the coal polyolefins, which are popular brands, the market is highly competitive and the core of the competition lies in cost.
The average cost of polyolefins is $4134 per ton. Using the first phase of the octopus package as a comparative benchmark, the average cost for 2016-2019 was $5,259 per ton. The company ' s cost was $1125 per ton lower than that of the octopus, and was well below the current mainstream oil-based acrylic process route. The company ' s average raw material, fuel and power cost savings for 2016-2019 were $234 per ton, depreciation and depreciation.
Cost amortization savings of $810 per ton, labour savings of $231 per ton, and other costs of $150 per ton. Overall, low depreciation resulting from low investment in company ton products is key to the company’s long-term development of the moat.
The average cost of materials, fuel and power is RMB 3138 per ton, which is 234 ton lower than that of the Great. The company purchased the original coal for 2016-2019 at an average price of RMB 223, 385 and 3923 per ton, with an average price of RMB 331 per ton. The price of coal in the Holy China is supplied within the Group, with a settlement price of RMB 237, 359, 360, 363 per ton, with an average price of RMB 330 per ton, with no significant difference in the price of raw coal.
In our view, the difference in average costs for 2016-2019 is mainly due to differences in the raw materials for the production of methanol, which are all coal, and the company, in addition to its own methanol, has also purchased carved gas and extra methanol, which would have saved more than the extra cost of buying methanol. With the production of the 2.2 million tonnes/year methanol project in the first half of the SF2 period, the company would have spent more on methanol.
Self-sufficiency will be achieved; the future 3 million tonnes/year coke project will also bring more flaring gas, and corporate raw materials cost advantages for depreciation will provide the basis for long-term development. The average cost of depreciation and amortization for companies in 2016-2019 is $465 per ton, 810 ton lower than that of God; the average cost for companies in 2019 is $418 per ton, and 842 ton lower than that of God.
In our view, the low cost of investing in a company and the long age of depreciation are at the heart of the low cost. It is expected that the company will invest approximately $9.2 billion in the second phase, with an average of $163 million in the first and second-generation projects, and $283 million in the next 20 and 17 years of depreciation. Of that, about 15% is due to depreciation policy.
85 per cent is a contribution to the reduced cost of investment in projects: asset investment management capacity, projects not looking for packages, construction using the “e+p+c” model, company technology and management involvement throughout project design, procurement and construction, while several polyolefins projects have the same process options and size and are more replicable,
On the one hand, the company’s management effectiveness is high, with fewer managers and managers; on the other hand, the company’s construction is late and equipment technology is late.
More mature, with relatively small numbers of workers.iii. A more stable supply and demand pattern of coke and an expansion of the capacity of companies to improve performance (i) Continued deepening of supply-side reforms to promote high-quality industrial development
The national, local governments, industry associations, etc. have been implementing a policy to reduce excess capacity, focusing on de-productivity, especially the elimination of backward capacity. During the period of the Twelfth Five-Year Plan, the coke sector phased out 97 million tons of backward capacity.
By the end of 2019, the coke-diversion target was achieved: in 2020, the domestic production of coke was reduced, with a net phase-out of about 25 million tons, and the “135” decapitulation target was exceeded. The “145” Development Plan for the Caramel Sector proposed that the 14th Five-Year Development Plan, which provided that all caramel production enterprises met the requirements of the Codex Alimentarius requirements, was further addressed.
As a result of the high pollution properties of the focal sector, the industry continues to be under pressure for environmental sector supervision. The focal sector has banned environmental protection “one size fits all” since 2018.
In terms of regional distribution, the country’s coke-producing areas are concentrated mainly in Shanxi, Hebei, Shaanxi, Nemon, Shandong, etc. At present, the main production areas have adopted industrial policies aimed at eliminating backward capacity and strictly controlling the total capacity of coke.
The process of lagging production capacity will continue and will promote high-quality industry development, with the “leading gap” of large-scale caramel enterprises increasing the profitability of the industry from supply to demand. In the context of decarbonization, the supply side of coke will contract, while steel production will increase steadily the demand for coke (1.76 per cent in 2016-2020) and supply and demand will contribute to the profitability of the coke industry.
Upgraded. Our coke production capacity in 2020 was 622.2 million tonnes/year, with a net reduction of about 25 million tonnes/year for the same year; production of 471.16 million tonnes/year; demand for 47.06 million tonnes/year, with an increase of 1.16% per year for the same year. Since May 2020, with the further contraction of the coke production capacity, the supply of and demand for coke has continued to improve, stocks have begun to deflate, and the price/price gap has risen.
Figure 14: Structure of our coke consumption in 2020
At the supply end, excess capacity will continue to be defused during the "14th Five" period in the coke industry. According to Mystel, the 4.3m calorific capacity is still more than one third and is expected to be phased out; it is projected to be in 2021.
In the medium and long term, we believe that, in the context of supply-side reforms, as the concentration of the coke industry increases further, the industry is expected to continue to make a significant profit (ii) from the expansion of the company's coke production capacity.
The company owns 4 million tonnes/year of coke production, which has remained at more than 4 million tonnes/year in recent years, with a high rate of production and use. From the benefits of domestic coke production, there is a steady increase in the Māori ratio of the company ' s coke products, with the by-products of the gas in 2015 being used for methanol devices, achieving efficient use of resources and reducing the cost of the raw materials for acrylic hydrocarbons.
With the use of the fluorescent gas from the incineration process, a gas gas non-catalysing conversion device was built with a gas-based methanol device, which converts the aromatic hydrocarbons and vapours in the furnace gas into synthetic gases with high hydrogen content, directly adjusts the hydrocarbon ratio of the gas-gasification device to the synthetic gas, saves the extra hydrogen-upgrading step, which is less expensive than the raw materials of the separate gas-emitting unit.
The company plans to build a 3 million tonnes/year coal co-production multi-production project. The project consists mainly of 3 million tonnes/year coke, 100,000 tonnes/year needle coke, expansion of the benzene-hydrogen unit to 120,000 tonnes/year, and expansion of the tar-processing unit to 400,000 tonnes/year.
Construction began in May 2020 and is scheduled to be completed by the end of 2021. The project’s post-partum company will have a capacity of 7 million tons/year, making it one of the most productive enterprises in a stand-alone caramel enterprise.
IV. The cost of coal-based hydrocarbons is significant, there is a continuing trend of diversification of the (i) high-cyclical growth of the raw materials of the company and increasing industry competition for ethylene and acetylene, which are the cornerstones of the petrochemical industry and are used in a wide range of applications in the national economy.
The traditional method of production of ethylene and acetylene is sulfur oil vapour fission. As the shale revolution in the United States has brought about an outbreak of cheap supply of ethane, the boom in our coal industry, and the import of propane into the field of acetylene by private domestic enterprises, the production of ethylene and acetylene has shifted from traditional oil routes to light-quality (e.g., ethylene, propane, methanol, etc.) and heavy quality (coal)
In the case of ethylene, the share of ethylene in the global oil route (paracetylene oil + gas oil vapour fission) declined from 46.3% to 41.8% in 2015-2019; the share of ethane in the route rose from 35.4% to 40.3% in recent years, with the coal route developing rapidly and the ethylene route moving into a fast-growing path and the future production of several ethylene vapour units;
Although the route still dominates, it dropped from 83.3 per cent in 2015 to 75.7 per cent in 2019, and in the future, with the rapid development of pdh, coal-based yetene hydrocarbons, the global production of acrylic (vapour fission + catalytic fission) declined from 84.9 per cent to 77.9 per cent in 2015-2019; and new and emerging processes such as pdh, coal/methanol acetylene are rapidly developing.
The ratio has been rising from 10.4% to 16.5%. Our trend towards acrylic diversification is one of the leading in the world, with our coal/methanol acrylic and pdh producing capacity accounting for 22.0%, 16.5%, respectively, of total capacity in 2019; catalytic fission is about 32.5%, steam disassembly 27.7%, and the share of acrylic from the oil route has declined from 97.5% in 2010 to 60.2% today, a trend that will continue in the future.
Diversifying development has led to intense market competition, with costs leading to a new pattern of competition in the industry. Since 2019, our industry chain has been experiencing a new wave of expansion, which will continue around 2022, with an expected 14% increase in production of Pe pp in 2021-2022, and new production capacity that can fill part of the country’s market gap, but faces fierce competition for imported products in the future.
High-end and medium-end products will also be the preferred route for the industry to break the ice. Figure 23: The supply and demand of polypropenes (pp) in our country (tonnes/year) (ii) Coal routes have significant cost advantages, with high upward elasticity in oil prices
In terms of the cost of production of acetylene, the routes vary. Usually, the ethane route is at the bottom of the cost line; the oil route is cost-competitive when the price of oil is below $30 per barrel or even lower; the oil/propane/coal costs are not significantly different when the price of oil is 35-45 per barrel; and the oil price is between $45-100 per barrel.
But the steep rise in coal prices in the fourth quarter of 2020 has caused great disturbance to the cost of coal routes, which now exceed the cost of oil routes, but self-supporting coal companies still maintain a significant competitive advantage. The price of coal is expected to rise in a phased manner, returning to reasonable areas in the future, with the cost advantage of coal routes re-emerged.
This is mainly due to a concentration of supply and demand imbalances in the short term. At the supply end, imports of coal have decreased and internal cover production has declined; at the demand end, the demand for electricity has risen to increase coal consumption. At present, it appears that the supply and demand imbalances caused by these factors will be reduced. At the supply end, imports of coal lines will be smooth before customs, and the supply of increased production in the main producing land will increase; at the demand end, the heat demand pressure will be significantly reduced as the cold winter progresses.
Weak. Overall, coal prices are expected to return to reasonable areas, and coal-chemical routes will rediscover cost advantages. Figure 24: Comparison of cost of ethylene by feedstock route (RM/t) Figure 25: Comparison of cost of acrylate by feedstock route (RM/t)
Oil prices are expected to rise upwards in 2021, leading to an increase in coal-line performance. In 2020, the epidemic hit the price of oil, which once fell to the bottom of the historical valley in April, moved upwards in May, entered a narrow shock phase in June, and rebounded so far in December.
Given the continuing improvement in crude oil demand as a result of the new crown vaccination, the supply and demand of crude oil is expected to improve marginally, oil prices are expected to rise upwards, and coal routes will benefit from the performance gains resulting from the rise in oil prices. Figure 26: Trends in international oil prices since 2020 (US$/barrel)
Figure 27: The weekly increase in international oil prices since July 2020 (iii) The expansion of corporate operations, with future high-performing growth prospects The successful launch of the fund-raising project and the creation of a new profit growth point. In June 2020, the fund-raising investment project was fully operational.
The project consists of 600,000 tons of methanol per year in October 2019 and 2.2 million tons per year of methanol per year in June 2020. The company's methanol is fully self-sufficient.
The /year methanol synthesizing tower is the largest single set of plants in the world today, with significant scale benefits for companies. A further performance improvement will be achieved through a 3-tonne/year project for bronze. The project is divided into coal-based and c2-c5-based.
In the future, 4 million tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbon projects are planned, with further reductions and efficiency gains from Raw Materials and SQC. The project invests 67.4 billion yuan, approved by the people ' s government of the city of Ordos in June 2020, to be included in the Master Plan for the Construction of the Model Zone for the Current Generation of Coalification Industries in the city of Ordos.
Transmitting to the Committee for the Development and Reform of the City of Ordos the approval of the Inner Mongolia Coal-based New Materials Limited (4x1 million tonnes/year coal-based hydrocarbon demonstration project phase 1 2.6 million tonnes/year) by the Committee for the Development and Reform of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, agreeing to the construction of the Inner Mongolia Coal-based New Materials Company Ltd. for the first phase of the construction of the Surig economic development area of the Uchian in the city of Ordos
Tons/years of coal-fired acrylic hydrocarbons demonstration project. Due to the abundance of coal resources in Ordos, coal is purchased from the surroundings to the extent that the raw materials required for the project are purchased, there can be savings of nearly $100/t in coal freight costs compared to the Ningdong project. The cost advantage is more pronounced if the raw materials are self-sufficient.
(v) Corporate valuations and investment recommendations Drums: oil prices of $60 per barrel and $80 per barrel were measured at the time the total production of the 4 million tonnes/year-old HFO project was achieved. 2. The overall profitability (polyfinylene - original oil price differential) trend is narrow, taking into account the peak production of the HFO industrial chain;
The profitability of the coke industry chain is assumed to remain essentially unchanged. 3. It is assumed that the two-year coke production project at the end of 2021 will be completed at the end of 2021, and the three-year production period of 1 million tonnes of hydrocarbons at the end of 2022, all of which will be completed at the end of the following year.
Tens of thousands of tons/year sales are from home-grown coal. Hydrocarbons are fully operational and are estimated at $60 and $80/barrel, respectively, with a net profit of $24,191 million for the mother, and pss maintains a “recommended” rating for the company's long-term development.
I am committed to producing this report independently and objectively in a diligent and professional manner, and this report clearly and accurately reflects my research views. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the report’s specific recommendations or views.
Experience. Joined the China Institute of Galaxy Securities in 2018, mainly in the chemical industry, the research institute in the chemical industry and the textile and clothing industry.