Ap1000 technology is on the ground and approval of new projects is expected to accelerate China Nuclear Power (601985) evaluation.
Three nuclear power units were launched in April 2009 as the first global project to introduce third generation nuclear power technology, ap1000. On 25 April 2018, three units of Unit 1 were officially approved for loading.
After nearly five months of debugging, critical nodes such as critical, grid-connected, and first-time full-power operation have been successfully completed. After a 168-hour continuous running test, three Unit 1 will be officially commercially operational, marking the end of the ap1000 technology that has gone through nearly a decade of construction.
The capacity of the company will increase steadily. In February 2018, when the crew of Tian Wan, Unit 3, and the crew, Unit 1, are operational, the company's holding capacity will increase from 15466,000 kilowatts to 167.16 million kilowatts.
In addition, three units 2, which were approved for loading on 4 July 2018, are expected to arrive in commerce during the year, when the company's installed capacity is expected to increase to 17,966,000 kilowatts, an increase of 25.29 per cent over the same period the previous year. New project approval is expected to accelerate.
Zhang Tae Yong Kiwa, if we go into production as planned, the company's combined installed capacity will increase at a rate of 11.4 per cent over the next three years, and the pace of building nuclear power units has accelerated since this year, as one of the major directions in the construction of power infrastructure, the third generation.
It is expected that the reboot of nuclear power and the approval of new projects by the company will accelerate.
Hwang-hseng-hwan, Kikuji Road, No. 1,000, Fuhua, Fukuda District, and Free Trade Experiment, China.
In the 17th method of the Central China Sea International Center, 17th Avenue, the city's conjoining highland, using legally compliant information, this report is presented independently and objectively. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be the same.
The company is not considered a customer by the recipient for the purpose of receiving this report, the reader with no business relationship with the company is not a client of the company, and the company does not have proper responsibilities. This report is confidential material of the company, such as this, without its public disclosure or consent.
The report is based on information that the company considers to be reliable and publicly available, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of such information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in the report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which are subject to change without notice.
During this period, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report. At the same time, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter of this report may fluctuate. The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date.
The company is not obliged to update all recipients of this report. The information contained in this report may be modified without notice, and investors should follow up with the corresponding updates or modifications.
At no time does it constitute a recommendation for private investment by a client. Based on the company’s Risk Level Assessment Management for Products or Services, the company consults with its professional financial advisers on values-related studies, business, finance, taxation, etc. The company’s previous relevant studies predict and analyse accurately and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future relevant studies of the company.