The Chinese Nuclear Power (601985) published its semi-annual report for 2018, which generated revenues of 17.926 billion yuan during the reporting period.
This represents an increase of 9.75% in the same year; a net profit of 2,579 million yuan attributable to the shareholders of listed companies, and a steady increase in operating income as a result of an increase in the installed capacity of the same company.
Income grew steadily, by 9.75 per cent the same year. But it was increased in the first half of the year by the volume of electricity traded on the market, by cloud clouds (27.6 per cent in the first half of the year and 21 per cent in the last year) and by Fukugi 2 and 3 on the Internet.
The effect of the same price adjustment was that operating income increased less than the rate of power generation by 3.69 percentage points. Wangyunyun@cczq.com short-term value-added tax returned the down payment.
In-country returns are 55%. The company Qinshan and Tana Wan nuclear power units entered the value-added tax (VAT) reduction period this year, where the value-added tax (VAT) returns 740 million yuan for six months, a decrease of 519 million yuan from the same period the previous year, representing some of the company's operating profits.
New project approval is about to reboot, and the company is expected to grow in a new turn-up. The company is currently building 8.184 million kilowatts of installed capacity, which, if put into production as planned, will increase at a combined rate of 15% over the next three years. Since this year, the third generation of nuclear power technology will be acquired.
Check that if the new project is re-opened, the company is expected to start a new six to eight crews, which will usher in a new turn-up.
Fukuwa, Fukuda District, is a tax-free dealer on the 6th of China's Sichuan Free Trade Experiment.
China Sea International Centre 17, using legally compliant information, produces this report independently and objectively.
The company does not consider itself a customer for the purpose of receiving this report. Readers who do not have business relations with the company are not its customers, and the company does not have proper responsibilities.
This report is based on what the company considers reliable and publicly available information, but does not provide any assurance as to the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of that information. The observations, assessments and projections contained in this report are only the views and judgements of the date of the present report, which can be changed without notice. At different times, the company may issue studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in this report.
The company does not ensure that the information contained in this report is kept up to date. The company has no obligation to update all recipients of this report with regard to its analytical comments or trade views issued by other professionals (including, but not limited to, salesmen, traders) based on different assumptions, research methods, instant dynamic information and market performance that are inconsistent with this report. The company may modify the information contained in this report without notice.
This view, the recommendation, does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial position and specific needs of the person receiving the report, and does not at any time constitute a recommendation for private investment in the client.
The company’s previous studies predict and analyse accurately, and do not prejudge the performance of this report and future studies of the company. For all the consequences of the use or use of this report and other relevant studies of the company, my Lord.