The value added tax returns to the new project to reduce the impact on profits, to put wings in the development of the Chinese nuclear power plant.
1. The transfer of power from the new fleet to the demand for electricity to power generation increased with the arrival of Unit 3 in Jiangsuda Bay on 15 February, bringing the company ' s fleet to 18, with a total installed capacity of 15.4gw. From the benefits of 2018h1 significant improvement in the demand for electricity for the whole of society, there was a significant increase in nuclear power generation, with the company 2018h1 generating 54.15 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity, as compared to that of the previous year.
13.3%, or 42%, of total national nuclear power generation, or 1.69% of total electricity generation. 2018h1 total public electricity use increased by 9.4% on a year-on-year basis, far exceeding the growth of gdp. The biggest driving force in the current growth of electricity use across society is not the secondary sector, but rather the third sector and the population, and the driving force is sustainable. As energy progresses towards clean and efficient use, nuclear power is used as an engine.
In the first half of the year, the company completed nine major repairs, mainly near the spring of February, with fewer major repairs in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year.
2. Marketized electricity consumption is expected to increase further, as compared to the increase in the rate of revenue growth, 26 per cent of total electricity generation, or 26 per cent, compared to 21 per cent of marketized trade participation in 2017. Marketized electricity trades are based on tendering.
The actual price of electricity delivered would be lower than the approved price of electricity connected to the Internet, such as the average price of electricity traded for nuclear power in the provinces of Fujian 2018q1 and Zhejiang would be 0.32 and 0.393 and below the approved price of 0.37 and 0.42 per cent, which would have an impact on the revenue generated by the sale of electricity.
The increase in electricity, with the rate of increase of 9.75 per cent below the rate of 13.3 per cent in power generation, will enable companies to fill their future fleets by participating more extensively in market-based power trading guarantees, and reduce the price of market-based electricity by increasing the volume of electricity generated.
The company's net profit from the parent is 0.69 per cent higher than in the previous year, and the rate of increase is significantly lower than the rate of increase in revenue, mainly the return of VAT to the slopes and the price of nuclear power for Fuku Qing.
Notice of issues related to the tax policy in the nuclear power sector (fiscal No. [2008]38), the introduction of VAT policy for 15 years after the operation of the nuclear power unit, followed by 75%, 70%, 55% in the previous five years, 6-10 years, 11-15 years, and no more VAT policy after the end of the 15th year. The company held the shares of Unit No. 1 of Qin and Unit No. 3 of Unit No. 1 and Unit No. 1 of Qinsan entered the 15th year of operation this year.
The impact of the adjustment on the price of nuclear power has not been reflected in the statement for 2017h1 and is still accounted for on the basis of the price of the nuclear power pole at 0.43/degree. The result of the approved price of the nuclear power charge is below the price of the pole and is determined and adjusted at 2017q4. After the adjustment of the effect of the adjustment, the net profit of 2018h1 was increased by 5.57 per cent on the same basis.
The country’s determination to develop nuclear power has not wavered, and the Energy Work Guidance 2018 provides for the construction of six to eight nuclear power units during the year. In June, China and Russia formally signed the Framework Contract for Unit 7/8 of the Tian Wan Nuclear Power Station and the Framework Contract for the Xu Da Fort Nuclear Power Station, and four Vver-1200 units will be located in China.
On June 29, Tianzhou nuclear power was licensed to reroute, and it was determined that a new nuclear power project would be built, with autonomous intellectual property rights. The company has a stock of 14 units, covering the cap1000, the "Wallon 1" and the Russian Vver-1200 technology that may be working in the future. After the official commercialization of the three units, a new wave of nuclear power projects is expected to arrive, and the company, as the owner of the nuclear power plant, will be the largest beneficiary of the new project.
It will also add a great deal of growth to the future of the company.
The company, a leading domestic nuclear power operator, has steadily increased its revenue from electricity sales against a backdrop of growing loads and an improved electricity environment, and its fleet utilization will continue to be high in the second half of the year, with ongoing construction projects and new projects coming in the second half of this year, which will lead to a decline in the company's future use of electricity, a failure to approve new nuclear power projects and a sharp drop in the price of marketized electricity.
The source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wealth, the source of the East's wisdom, the Yang Raki.
Head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of securities industry research experience, good at capturing the dynamics of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context, briefing of the research assistant.
Qinghua University, Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering, Master of Nuclear Science and Technology, four years of work experience in the nuclear power industry, three years of work experience in the international energy engineering industry, and, in 2018, joined East Hing Securities for research on electrical equipment and new energy.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice it contains.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.