In the third quarter of 002.709, the company achieved operating income of 942 million yuan, an increase of 0.71 per cent over the same period.
The company realized a net profit of 446 million yuan attributable to the shareholders of the listed company, an increase of 152.29 per cent over the same period. Of this amount, changes in accounting methods for the participating subsidiary, Jiangsu Soong's General Lithium Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Lithium Contributor”) and the disposal of the shares of the sink lithium industry resulted in an increase in investment earnings of approximately 429 million; The company realized a net profit of 0.09 billion yuan from the non-recurring gain and loss of the listed company, a decrease of 94.34 per cent over the same period.
There has been a slight increase in solar materials and special chemicals, and a slight decline in the Māori rate. The revenue from solar materials and special chemicals has been $325 million, a 7.17 per cent increase over the same period.
The company ' s Māori rate for this product has fallen by 0.8 per cent in the same year as the price of upstream raw materials has continued to rise, while the price of electrolyte has fallen and the company ' s short-term performance has been under pressure. 2018h, the company delivered 173,000 tons of electrolyte, representing 29 per cent of domestic electrolytic fluids, in place \triangleright.
The first column. But the company’s business income fell by 4.54% on the same year as the price of the electrolyte. The sharp decline in the price of the electrolyte was due mainly to: (1) the decline in the price of lithium hexafluoride upstream and the transmission of the cost pressure of downstream power cells; and (2) the company’s willingness to take advantage of the market for the electrolyte.
The company’s future profitability is expected to improve through further up-scaling of upstream materials and expansion of electrolyte production capacity. The company will focus on improving its long-term performance in the following areas: 1, upstream raw materials, reducing procurement costs.
In the future, with further deployment of upstream raw materials such as hydrofluoric acid and lithium carbonate, it is expected that the procurement costs will be further reduced to maintain and increase the advantage in the cost of electrolyte: 2, technological innovation in additives to enhance the technological competitiveness of corporate electrolyte products.
The density system electrolytes are better suited for high voltage single crystal triads, high nickel 811, nca, high nickel for core systems such as silicon, and are endorsed by the downstream pole cores. Moreover, the company has developed new additives that can accommodate high and low temperatures, do not require low temperature storage, and can save significant costs for customers in logistics and warehousing:
The company currently produces about 50,000 tonnes/year of electrolytic fluids, plans to add 200,000 tonnes/year of electrolytic fluids, and is expected to grow steadily in future at a volume price as competing firms clear out. The company is the leader in the field of electrolyte, and the company’s main business is profitable as further releases of raw materials upstream of the electrolyte and new production of the electrolyte are released.
New energy cars are growing faster than expected, and electrolyte prices are falling more than expected.
Yang Jook, head of the basic chemical industry team, nine years of experience in the securities industry, is good at understanding the development of the chemical industry in a macroeconomic context.
The source of the financial and intellectual prosperity of the East.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of these information, nor of any change in the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial content, but the observations, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. Information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the securities in question, and any investment made by the investor on that basis.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make easy the securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or they may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products.