The price of concentrate is marketed and the company still has resource security and cost advantages.
Liu Meng Jing Feng Si Woo announced that recently, the company received a letter from the company ' s share in the package on the adjustment of the price of the trade in the shares in the package with the Northern rare earth concentrates.
Based on the trend in the prices of the main rare earth products in the rare earth market since the second quarter of 2022, and in accordance with the price-fixing mechanism agreed with the company, it is proposed to adjust the price of the rare earth trade in rare earth to $39,189/tonne free of taxes as of 1 July 2022, taking into account a combination of the market price of the rare soil carbonate, the cost of its manufacture and the average profit of the industry, taking into account, inter alia, the processing rate and the requirements for the quality of the rare earth concentrate.
(dry, re0 = 50 per cent), re0 1 per cent per increase or decrease in tax prices, $783.78 per ton (dry), and the total volume of rare earth concentrates traded in 2022, which did not exceed 230,000 tons (dry, re0 = 50 per cent).
Stable. As at 23 June, the price of the United States mine was 52,000 yuan per ton, with a tax-free rate of 46,000 yuan per ton; the adjusted trade price of the rare earth concentrates was converted to 55 per cent of the reo content of 43,000 yuan per ton (free of taxes). And the ratio of thugs to thugs to thugs to thugs to thugs is over 20 per cent of the mixed carbon-acid rare earth mines, compared to about 18 per cent of the United States fluorocarbon mines.) In recent years, as demand for the rare earth has grown at a high rate, the indicator for the control of the total rare earth has also been maintained.
In the short term, with various economic stimulus policies, orders for new end-use vehicles, electric machines, etc. are expected to increase, and demand is expected to continue to improve. The supply and demand of the industry are well-structured and there is little stock available, and market sentiment improves and prices remain high.
The price of rare earth concentrates has a greater impact on the company’s cost, and we have lowered the price of the formerly profitable rare earth concentrates to market prices, but we still have the advantage of the group’s resource advantage to guarantee stable supply of the mine. The White Cloudbo mines owned by the steel packs are the largest and uniquely large rare reserves of China’s rare soil.
In terms of the structure of the industrial chain, the rare earths in the North are not selected, and the rare earths in the North are purchased from the shares of steel. The raw materials used in the production of rare earth concentrates are the tailings of the nectar ore that have been formed after the mining of the haze ore. The iron ore selection process has been thinned.
The company regularly enters into a rare earth concentrate supply contract with the steel stock, based on the price of rare earth market products, taking into account a combination of the price of rare carbonate market, the cost of producing rare carbonate and the average profit of the industry, taking into account such factors as the rate of processing and the requirement for the quality of rare earth concentrate.
In addition, it was agreed that the price of rare earth concentrates could be adjusted on a quarterly basis in the light of price fluctuations in rare earth market products The price of rare earth concentrates could fluctuate in the event of large fluctuations in the price of rare earth market products. The price of rare earth concentrates is now calculated \delta1 (precursor of rare earth oxides - cost of processing - profit of processing) \delta2 (cost of rare earth oxides - cost of processing).
Pretzel prices = total single consumption of rare earth oxides where: 1: weight of the first calculation method: 2: weight of the second calculation method: cost of rare earth oxide = price of rare earth oxides x
The price of the rare earth oxides is the price of the rare earth oxides: pick-up of the rare earthly concentrates, the swidden net, the Asian metal network, my steel wire and the oxides in the argus network five.
This price increase is larger. According to the company announcement, the company proposes to adjust the price of rare earth concentrates trading to $39189/tonne free of taxes (dry volume, re0 = 50%), 1% per increase or decrease in re0, $783.78/tonne free of taxes, $26887/tonne free of taxes (dry, re0 = 51%), 1% for reo and 527.20/t dry increase in non-tax prices.
As the price of oxidium rose significantly, the market price of the rare earth mine has also risen steadily since 2021. In the United States, for example, the low price of the rare earth mine in 2020 was 23,000 yuan/tonne, and it has continued to rise since then, rising to 55,000 yuan/tonne by the end of May 2022.
As of 23 June, the price of the United States mine fell slightly to 52,000 yuan per ton, with a tax-free rate of 46,000 yuan per ton. The adjusted price of the rare earth trade was converted to 55 per cent of the reo content of 43,000 yuan per ton (excluding taxes).
Production growth, extension of the industrial chain and growth of companies have been growing in recent years, as demand for rare earth has grown at a high rate, and the company, as the leader of the industry, has maintained the desired rate of increase in its quota based on its resources. On 27 January 2022, the Ministry of Industry and Communications issued the first control of rare earth extraction and smelting separation in 2022.
The indicators, 108,000 tons and 97.2 million tons, respectively, represent an average increase of 20 per cent. The indicator for the mining of light and rare earth is 89,310 tons, an increase of 20 per cent over the same year. The indicator for the extraction of rare land in the North represents 67.42 per cent of the total extraction of light and rare land. In addition, in order to strengthen the industrial chain and increase the value added of products, companies continue to accelerate the deployment of the long-magnetized industry, which now has the capacity of 410,000 tons of alloy for magnetic materials.
At this point in time, there has been a fundamental change in the basics of the rare earth industry. Supply has been ordered, the rare earth has been cleared, and the country’s rare earth mining smelting has been strictly quota-based; demand is strong, and the development of new energy industries has accelerated the demand for magnets.
As a strategic metal, it is expected that fair prices in the medium to long term will fully reflect the scarcity of resources and ecological losses, and that prices in the rare fields will decline steadily as downstream recovery resumes in May. Currently, industry supply is stable, business is optimistic; and downstream firms are watching as prices adjust.
With various economic stimulus policies in place, new end-use vehicles, electricity, etc., are expected to increase, and demand is expected to continue to improve. The supply and demand of the industry is well-structured, with few current stocks, improved market moods, prices, or high shocks.
The company, as the industry’s leader, has a strong resource advantage and a growing quota. The demand for rare earth concentrates has grown faster than expected, prices of rare earths have fluctuated significantly, prices have risen higher than expected, and the company’s quota for mining has increased faster than expected.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author