Quantum booster performance, with rare earth taps swollen up, industry classification: metal materials, net profit of $5.13 billion (+462 per cent), equivalent to $1.41 per ps; deduction of non-retroactivity net profit of the mother
Quantum rises to rare earth tap performance: During the reporting period, the high profile of the new energy terminals downstream of rare earth permagnetic materials significantly increased the demand for upstream rare earth products, represented by light earth products in the form of syrup, which largely maintained a unilateral upward trend in prices in 2021, with oxidizing plants operating on average throughout the year.
Prices rose sharply to 591,000 yuan per ton (+90.7%). The company ' s annual target for rare earth mining was about 59.7% of our country ' s total extraction, of which the indicator for light and rare earth mining was 67.4%, and the company was the main beneficiary against a background of rising prices for light and rare earth. In 2021, the company ' s rare earth raw materials and rare earth products were the main beneficiary.
The collection of functional materials reached 11.23 billion (+107 per cent) and 7,440 million (+85.4 per cent) respectively, with sales of 1.37 million tons (+32.6 per cent) and 6.28 million tons (+15.9 per cent) respectively, and sales of rare earth raw materials, including rare earth oxides, rare earth salt and rare earth metals, increased to varying degrees.
In terms of the profitability of products, corporate sales as a whole have risen to 27.8% (+16.1pcts), mainly as a result of a significant increase in the price of products and an increase in the share of high-value-added products.
The Māori ratio for rare earth raw materials products and rare earth functional materials reached 38.4 per cent (+11.0 pcts) and 41.5 per cent (+21.8 pcts), respectively, with the latter significantly increased Māori ratio mainly as a result of product structure optimization and high value added magnetic materials (Māori in 2021 43.9 per cent) reaching year-round.
6580 million yuan (+98.5 per cent). The company ' s revenue and the parent net profit ring ratio in 2021 increased at a significant rate of deviation, and we assume that the main reason was a decline in the company ' s revenue from trading operations in 04 compared to the previous period; Financial data: in 2021, the company ' s sales/management/research and development costs increased in the same proportion.
The pay system reform has led to an increase in the same level of expenditure in the pay category; the substantial increase in R & D costs is mainly due to the gradual expansion of the Division ' s downstream operations into the industrial chain, resulting in an increase in the cost of the depreciation amortization of materials, testing tests and R & D equipment. Accounts payable have increased by 50.4 per cent over the same period, mainly as a result of positive corporate trends.
(a) The extension of the various high-value-added areas downstream, with an increase in the cost of procurement operations; an increase of 80.6 per cent in contractual liabilities over the same period, mainly due to a faster increase in advance payments than at the beginning of the year;
At the beginning of the year, a contract was signed with the steel-backed shares, with a price adjustment of $26,887/tonne (dry, reo = 51 per cent) without taxes, up 65.3 per cent of the same year, partially offset by the negative impact of the increase in costs due to the fact that rare earth prices continued the upward trend of 2021.
With a total annual control target of 1,008 million tons and 90,200 tons for rare earth mining and smelting separation, we expect to reach 20.16 million tons and 19.44 million tons, respectively, for the year as a whole, a 20% increase compared to the 2021 target. In the 2022 target, companies will continue to be at the forefront of the North ' s rare earth environment;
The vertical extension of the industrial chain and the competitive advantages of the whole industry chain are highlighted: in recent years, through vertical business extension, companies have been involved in the downstream industries of the rare earth industrial chain, which now form an industry structure based on rare earth resources, where smelting is central, where construction in new materials is focused, and where end-use applications are oriented. The full-chain advantage of a company can effectively reduce the cost of raw materials in the field of low- and middle-land-function materials and downstream end-uses, and downstream.
The value added of the product is generally high, and the overall profitability of the company’s business is expected to increase as the product structure continues to optimize. The resource advantages available, the scientific advantages and the advantages of the whole chain of industry will effectively construct the barriers to competition in the rare earth industry, and the expansion of downstream operations will, to a certain extent, dilute the company’s resource marketing attributes, and the diversified business layout is expected to open up new industrial opportunities for the company.
Figure 2: Corporate net profits and speed of increase
Figure 5: Company revenue per business in 2021 Figure 6: Change in Māori ratio per company ' s business