The firm position of the rare earth is accelerating the deployment of the industrial chain up and down the Northern rare earth (600111) Annual Report 2021. Events: The company published 2021 reports, which generated business income of $30,408 million during the reporting period, a year-on-year increase.
38.83 per cent: net profit from maternity was $5.13 billion, an increase of 46.232 per cent over the same period: net profit from non-mortality rose rapidly to 2021 rare earth raw materials and functional materials, and output and sales increased substantially in the company ' s performance. Substream demand continued to flourish in the 2021 rare earth industry, with companies ' rare earth raw materials and various rare earth functions.
During the reporting period, the company actively sought targets for the country’s total production control plan and output according to indicator science, making it operational by continuously upgrading the smelting processes of rare earth mining and by increasing its own rare earth function materials operations.
There is a steady increase. According to the report, the company smelting and smelting production capacity of 120,000 tonnes/year, rare earth metal production capacity of 1.6 million tonnes/year, magnetic material alloy production capacity of 410,000 tonnes/year in rare earth functional materials, polishing material production capacity of 18 April 2022
32,000 tonnes/year, 8,300 tonnes/year of hydrogen alloys, 12,000 cubic metres/points of catalyst for rare earth-based flue gas denitration, contributing Māori 4.31.7 billion Māori; 41.49 per cent Māori for rare earth-functional materials, rising by 21.78 percentage points from the same year, contributing Māori 3,070 million yuan. In addition, in 2021, the company accelerated the promotion of rare earth.
The construction of a number of projects, such as metals, high-end magnetic materials, environmental protection, and the continuous release of a variety of rare earth operations, and the consolidation of roe (ttm) rare earth taps with significant cost advantages, were the first rare earth mining and smelting in February 2022.
Among the indicators, the North has the largest mining and smelting targets of 60.21 million tons and 5.38 million tons, respectively, of industrial excellence. The company insists on the development approach of “making fine and rare earth raw materials, making powerful and rare earth-functional materials, making special end-use applications” and maximizing its own rare earth resource advantages.
In addition, the company relies on the controlling stock, the controlling power of the company's steel wrapping company, to purchase the controlling shares.
The company's steel-backed shares produce rare earth concentrates, which it buys at prices well below market prices, and its rare earth products are relatively cost-effective. The rare earth industry continues to enjoy a high profile with limited short-term turnarounds.
Quality development provides protection, supplies are more rapidly integrated, new energy vehicles, industrial electric machines, etc. Downstream demand is high, and the rare earth industry is more sustainable and stable. Since March, prices of rare earth raw materials have been rewinded, helping to balance the supply and demand of rare earth raw materials manufacturers with those of magnets.
Promotes sustainable industrial development. Companies focus on sustainable and healthy development of the industrial chain in the context of the market situation