China Peace (601318.sh) - Quarterly Review 2022 - Quarterly sales data gradually improved Quarterly operating profits slightly exceeded expectations and sales data gradually improved
In the first quarter of 2022, the operating profits of the group belonging to the shareholders of the parent company increased by 10.0 per cent to $43.047 billion on a year-on-year basis, and the net profits attributable to the shareholders of the parent company were $20.658 billion, a 24.1 per cent decrease in the same year, of which $29.678 billion, a 16.0 per cent increase, benefited from the realization of the operating profits of the life and health insurance operations.
The monthly decrease has been significantly narrowed, mainly because of the promotion of the old heavy disease risk in January and February last year, the higher base for the same period, the increase in per capita capacity, and the 3.5 percentage points increase in the ratio of academic agents at the post level and above.
In the recent past, the life of peace has been refined, with the publication, at the product level, of the theme “Hands, worlds, winners and winners”, aimed at the free-of-money, elites, those with advanced careers and those with advanced careers, and at the channel level at the same time at the institutional, grouping and technology-enabling development strategies.
At the same time, over a third of the new business value contribution of “insurance plus” in a quarter has been achieved, the premium premium for the silver cover channel has increased faster, the value of the new business has decreased markedly in March, and the agent’s decline and per capita productivity have improved. In the future, fine-tuning development strategies will help the group to further develop its combined strength.
In the case of fiscal insurance operations, the market for insurance insurance insurance has risen by about $1 billion (+10.4 per cent), slightly more than in the case of industry. The overall cost rate is 96.8 per cent, or 1.6 percentage points higher than in the case of insurance operations, mainly affected by the epidemic.
Investment operations: The net return on investment pressure on " China ' s Peace (601318.sh) - The Basics are expected to be back on track " - over the same period, the annualized net return on investment in the portfolio of insurance funds was 3.3 per cent, a 0.2 percentage point decline over the same period.
Peace China - 601318 - In-depth report: a steady growth policy to increase the value of stock policies. Peace China - 601318 - September premium rating: new bills are down, but assets end or continue to grow by 10.5 per cent, securities operations and other asset management operations are well developed.
"Safe-601318-2021 China " , mid-year review: "Safe-Change-Risk-Risk-Risk-Risk again wins " , presses for investment proposals: liabilities are stable, but net return on investment is under pressure and down to a "Save-up" rating Group life insurance operations show signs of stability, sales are significantly better than sales, but net investment returns are lower and profitable.
The risk of loss is accumulated. For the second quarter, there may be relative gains, but absolute gains remain uncertain, with the group realizing operating profits of $43.047 billion, or 10.0 per cent, attributable to the shareholders of the parent company.
The share of agents in life and health insurance increased by 3.5 percentage points over the same year.
The net profit of the Bank of Peace increased by 26.8 per cent over the year; the non-performing loan rate was 1.02 per cent, the same rate as at the beginning of the year; and the provision of coverage was made • the safe construction of the world's leading health-care services ecology, providing a health-care ecosystem covering health, slowness, illness and old age
Station services. Over 64% of individual clients use both health-careed eco-system services. Investment proposals: liabilities are stable, but net return on investment is under pressure, down to an “uptake” rating, China’s safe debt shows signs of stability, and sales climate rings are significantly improved, but net return on investment is lower, yielding benefits.
The risk of loss is accumulated. For the second quarter, there may be a relative gain, but the absolute gain remains uncertain, and the author assures that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding and, by reasoned judgement and conclusion, seeks to be independent, objective, impartial and not subject to any third party's approval or influence; the author has not studied it in the past, now or in the future.