Peace in China (601318.sh) China reported in the first quarter of 2022 that the value of the new business was equal to that of the previous year. Life insurance reform is expected to be fully rolled out and a “buy-in” rating maintained.
They expect to suffer mainly from new policy premiums and a double drop in margins; group operating profit of $43.05 billion, equal to +10.0 per cent, driven mainly by bank and life insurance plates, whose performance is influenced by equity market fluctuations, despite the decline in agent size and in margin, considering that the 2021 Nbv has deteriorated by season.
And the national roll-out of the life insurance transition, where we maintain the 2022-2024 nbv and the relative acceleration forecast, respectively, to add to the overall financial advantage, to promote the construction of the Chinese version of “hmo”, the valuation is historically low, the current stock price and life insurance deficit and the decline in Margin are slowing up nbv, the fiscal risk plate or maintaining a high profile.
2022q1 is used to calculate Nbv’s new policy premium of US$ 51.20 billion, i.e., 15.4%, product structural changes and co-generation of channels such as the Commissioner of Género. The transformation is expected to accelerate further, and the transformation effect still needs to be further observed.
A slight increase in the combined cost rate, mainly due to the epidemic, to guarantee the cost of insurance payments, has been observed or improved throughout the year. Health care, old-age insurance, which is expected to combine into a new competitive advantage, China has over 657 million safe Internet users at the end of 2022q1 and more than 223 million individual clients using their own medical services.
China Peace 2021 Annual Report Review - low nbv Healthy Eco-Coopers account for more than 64 per cent of all services, providing “three-to-three” services on-line for individuals and business clients, and it is expected that the transition to life insurance will still have to be advanced
There are nearly 203,000 cooperative pharmacies and 34% of the country’s pharmacies are covered.
" China Peace 2021, 3rd Quarterly Review - Debts " , while companies target platforms that are less risky than heavy asset projects such as old-age communities, and the short-term transition of companies will remain under pressure, with risk mitigation driven
Health and old-age services are expected to create a new competitive advantage.