Peace in China (601318): Short-term stress is still safe in China. China released its 2022 Quarterly report and earned $30,594 million in operating income during the reporting period.
The company, which was born in 1988 at the Shenzhen Snakegate, the first Chinese equity insurance company, has developed into an insurance policy of billions of yuan, an increase of 10.0 per cent. Of this, 29,678 million yuan was earned on life and health insurance operations.
Risk, banking, investment in three main businesses, core, and development of financial and Internet finance in parallel with personal money, one of the living services groups. The company is committed to becoming an international organization.
In the reporting period, the insurance investment end continued to be low, but the profits of the banking sector increased considerably in the construction of security cushions.
Technology-led finance, financial services life, through repeated outbreaks and the depth of external risk events in the first quarter of 2022, influences the capital markets of the Mainland and Hong Kong.
To further suppress investment performance, the net return on corporate investment and the total return on investment decreased during the reporting period, respectively, by combining the two models, focusing on the “large financial assets” and “large health” industries, which revolved around insurance, banking and capital.
At 3.3% and 2.3% are the lowest levels in recent years. But banking continues to show excellent performance, with net profits and production management, Internet finance, four major sections, creating a large increase of 26.8% for customers, and building a security cushion for group profits.
"Professional, making life simpler" branding experience. Companies are still in the forefront of their counterparts.
Since the beginning of the year, the epidemic has spread and the agent industry has been under pressure. Life insurance operations, especially security insurance, continue to be difficult to sell in isolation from the “face-to-face” sales model, but the restrictions associated with the epidemic have been imposed on the exhibition industry.
At the same time, the population’s lower disposable incomes have a continuous impact on the demand for insurance products, with high-value guaranteed products subject to price and cash flow structures and declining demand. In addition, in recent years, publicly recognized PS products have further squeezed the demand space for PS products.
The Division’s ongoing reform of channels, with a single drop in volume and a continuous negative feedback on agency exits, continued to be under considerable pressure before the reporting period. The reform of channels continued, and dawnings emerged.
With regard to the distribution b/h (millions of units) agent channels, the company has implemented a stratification of the workforce to promote the optimal structure of the workforce.
In recent years, the company has continued to deepen its cooperation with the Bank of Peace, to build a system of exclusive products, to share training resources, to create an elite wealth management team that is good at insurance sales, and to dig deep into high-quality customer resources and power.
In addition, building on the country's continued support for the third pillar of old age and the welfare industry, the company's health upgrading strategy and the combined advantages of the health-care ecosystem, investing in the development of “insurance + home-based” and “insurance + high-end old-age” models of old-age services, and pursuing policies
It is proposed that, with the ongoing impact of the epidemic, the process of reform of the life-saving pipeline will face many difficulties and implementation will be slower than expected. At the same time, friends’ lives in the country will speed up the layout of the company’s net-to-middle-value clientele.
But we believe that through three years of full-scale reform, public and private agents will be effectively upgraded in terms of quality and productivity, and core agents will continue to grow and be expected to grow.
At the same time, based on sound banking and quality customer resources, companies are expected to take a dominant position in the high-growth track of silver insurance, building a “second engine” of growth on the end of the debt.
The company’s core strength is expected to be fully realized in the long term. Overall, we still value the company as the leader of a domestic insurance group, with the Matthews effect, where the technological attributes are expected to continue.
Raise the company's valuation ceiling, so maintain its “recommended” rating of the company. At present, the company's share price is safe only in China (601318): short-term pressure is still in place, channel reform is promising.
Liu Jiayan, Bachelor of Arts, Wuhan University, Nankai University, “Mathematics + Finance” complex background. Four years of banking experience, seven years of non-banking financial research, two years of banking research. First place in the 13th new wealth non-banking finance industry in 2015 and 14th new wealth non-banking finance bank in 2016
Industry's fourth team member; first in the silver and crystal ball finance industry for the ninth time in 2015; tenth in the crystal ball and silver finance industry, first in economics, 2016; and in East Hing securities in 2019. The researcher's own opinion. Any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, nor will it be, specifically recommended or recommended in this report.
The view is directly or indirectly related.
Peace in China (601318): Short-term pressure remains, and the reform of channels is not expected to change the information and advice contained therein. We have tried to report objective and impartial information, but the views, conclusions and recommendations are only for reference purposes. The information or opinion contained in the report does not constitute a bid or bid for the sale of the said securities, and any investment decisions made by the investors on that basis are based on it.
My company and the author of the report, to the extent they know, have no legally prohibited interest in the securities or investment subject matter that this report evaluates or recommends.
Businesses may also provide or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants, or financial products for these companies.