Quarterly review 2022: Business Profit Growth & Consolidated Fund 29/04 2022.
Events: Corporate disclosure of the first quarter of 2022, Consortium realization of parent operating profit of $43.047 billion, and differences with research assistant Iwoo operating profit (opat) mainly due to short-term investment fluctuations (19.715 billion) and discount rates
The company’s profits from life insurance, financial insurance, banking, capital management, technology and technology sectors are increasing their value over and over again, life insurance reforms are deepening and operating profits are outpacing expectations. The impact of the Omikium strain spread across the country, with 1q22 achieving a drop in nbv.
33.7 per cent (about 25 per cent lower than the comparable calibre, with a more prudent actuarial deployment at the end of 2021: channel plus, company promotion of stratified operations, end-of-service agents down by 10.4 per cent to 538,000 at the beginning of the year, and 3.5 more academic agents at the post level and above compared to the same year
In terms of product plus, companies build a differentiated competitive advantage through three core services: “Insurance + Health Management”, “Insurance + High-end Pension”, and “Insurance + Home Pension.” 1q22 “Insurance +” nbv has contributed more than a third. Life insurance is faster than expected.
Seasonal factors drive the profits of insurance coverage. 1q22 insurance premiums amounted to $73.018 billion, an increase of 10.3 per cent and a combined cost of 96.8 per cent, an increase of 1.6 per cent.
The 41.1% decline in profits from financial operations is mainly due to a large spread in equity markets, a combination of the drag on investment earnings and an increase in insurance policy coverage as a result of insurance coverage. We believe that due to seasonal effects, fiscal performance is expected to improve significantly in the next half of the year.
The balance sheet is more robust than the equity market, and the overall financial advantage is evident. Compared to other net parent assets at the end of the listing period, the net parent asset of 1q22 is down from the beginning of the year, with an increase of 2.6 to 833,515 million yuan at the beginning of the year and a combined return of 1q21 at 25,829 million yuan at the end of the period.
The decrease of 26.0 per cent is the result of the disclosure that the combined return of listed partners has shifted from positive to negative, mainly to positive, with the implementation of the new financial instruments accounting standards and the “fair change in the value of other equity instruments investment” in other consolidated returns (mainly 1q22fvoci's holdings outperformed the relatively strong position).
▪ Profit forecasting and investment ratings: Objectively, a firm operating profit growth is not easy in a volatile external market environment, highlighting the soundness and reliability of integrated finance
Peace in China (601318): The balance sheet bottom gas. We've already considered the net profit reduction in the equity market since the beginning of the year.
Figure 1: The size of corporate agents at the end of the period has further declined but has narrowed down, Figure 2: Growth in group operating profits has shown resilience
Figure 4: 1022 Life insurance and major increase in profit from bank contributions to parent operations Figure 5: Continued deepening of life insurance reform
Through “insurance + health management”, “insurance + high-end old-age” and a determined push for a high-quality transformation of the proxies workforce, the three core services of “insurance + home-based old-age” have been developed to create differentiated competitions on a continuous basis.
Good talent, community grid-connection and sink channels Agent channels: Survivor Implementation Agent teams are strategized and operated to promote optimal team structure. As of 20223
• “Insurance + Health Management”: As of the end of March 2022, “The percentage of academic agents at the end of the month, college and above increased by 3.5 per cent over the same year” has covered more than 22 million clients of the severe disease insurance scheme.
98% overall service satisfaction. • “Insurance + high-end old age”: provision of “honourable living, esteem, bank excellence: deepening collaboration with Safe Banks and building exclusive property.
In March 2022, the Sino-Silver System, shared training resources, and supported the Bank to accelerate the launch of its first high-quality welfare community project, “The Shenzhen Snakes Day.”
• Building a team of excellence; gradually increasing performance contributions. City. “Cities with a temperature and quality of a new recovery experience. Community networking: 11 cities by the end of March 2022.
“Insurance + home-based old-age”: One-Stop Home Support for Clients Municipal Pilot, Orphans (1) Insurance policy continues at the same rate as old service, piloted in Shenzhen and Nanjing.
Positive feedback and recognition from clients, services will be expanded in 2022
Home-based old-age services in 10 scenarios such as food, music, maintenance, etc. Dong Wu Securities Inc., with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, has a portfolio advisory board.