Investing in net profits, “insurance +” to assist in life insurance development events: China's safe release of the first quarterly report in 2022, resulting in profit from parent operations of $43.047 billion, and China's peace with China (601318).
In the first quarter of 2022, the group belonged to the parent company ' s net profit of $20,658 million, compared to 24.1 per cent, mainly from the capital market.
But because of the negative impact of Happiness in summer, the net return profit has been reduced slightly. In the first quarter of 2022, the return profit was $43.047 billion, or +10 per cent, of the profit from the mother ' s operation (a year-on-year ratio of +6.1 per cent in 2021), with life and health insurance achieving operating profit of $29.678 billion, or the same rate.
New business values and manpower levels continue to be stressed. The reasons for the reform of channels and weak marketing pressures are the increased lifetime product of \triangleright on the market, the “Golden World” and the realignment of proxy workforces.
With regard to development, life insurance is a strong push for a high-quality transformation of the proxies, and for a more sophisticated and structured team of agents. By the end of March 2022, the post of Senior Special Representative worked in vain, with a risk agent of 10.4% to 53.7 million people. In the future, the company is in a risk channel.
The development of diamond and newcomers will continue: continuing to strengthen cooperation with the Bank of Peace through silver insurance; exploring community grid-based business models through other channels, increasing the rate of continuity and continuing to explore innovative development models of sunk channels.
In the first quarter of 2021, income from insurance premiums for safe production insurance + 10.3 per cent to $73.18 billion was recovered and the revenue from insurance premiums recovered to more than two digits (+10.4 per cent).
The overall combined cost rate (cor) rose by 1.6 pct to 96.8% over the same period, mainly because of the guaranteed insurance coverage incurred by the new coronary pneumonia epidemic.
The company combines medical care services and insurance operations to provide adequate risk insurance for individuals and business clients.
Building No. 1 of the 9th Street of the City's West Side in Beijing City, barrier and one-stop medical and health services, enabling the financial profession. 1) The synergy between the biosphere and the main industry should be demonstrated, with more than 64% of the 223 million clients using both health and ecological services.
The services provided by the circle, which earned more than $40 billion in health insurance premiums in the first quarter of 2022, (2) the medical services and professional medical teams continued to improve, and by the end of March 2022, 100% of the country's 100% co-operative coverage was achieved.
The team of exclusive family doctors has achieved a full process of consultation, diagnosis, diagnosis, and care.
\triangleright has increased market volatility and complex external situations. There are still pressure for intra-company agent-channel reform and product-structural upgrading, compounding the volatility of equity markets, nbv acceleration and net return.
The profit growth rate continues to weigh. Taking into account: 1) the manpower side, insisting on reform of proxy channels, adherence to “three-high” team building, strengthening of diamond and newcomer teams, agent reform is beginning to work; 2) the product end: continuous innovation and upgrading of products around the diverse insurance needs of clients
(iii) At the end of the service: the Ito Group Health Ecology, through the three pillars of “Insur + Health Management”, “Insur + High-end Pension”, “Insur + Home Pension”
Services build differentiated competitive advantages, enhanced client satisfaction and client stickyness, and contributed to life risk masters Development: 4) Science and technology end-of-service upgrades across the board using leading technology, enabling marketing, operation and service delivery. We expect the team to show up gradually, with the size of the team.
The downward trend is expected to slow, with lower pressure on the high base level after March, and a marginal improvement in the end of the debt line. The credit risk of investment end-of-life firms has weakened, with capital market volatility having only a short-term impact during the quarter, and risk factors: agency growth is not as fast as expected; life-risk reforms are not as expected;
The downside rate will narrow the spread of fixed-rate instruments and affect accounting profits. Wang Xiao Dynasty, a Master, graduated from the international finance profession at the University of Duren, United Kingdom, and has served as Deputy General Manager of the Naval Capital Leasing Department and the Department of Oceanic Leasing Operations.
In November 2019, he joined the Sino-Chinese Securities Research and Development Centre, which is responsible for non-banking finance and the market value of small and medium-sized enterprises, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “Sinda Securities”) has the qualifications for portfolio investment consulting, which the CSRC has approved.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference in investment decisions for this category of clients. Both parties have strict agreement on rights and responsibilities. The present report is only available to the above-mentioned specific clients and is not intended for public publication.
The opinion and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report alone suggest that the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment object referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and that historical performance of the securities or investment object should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in the issuance of studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.