The 19q3 net profit from non-repatriation performance is beautiful, the industrial plate is dependent on the “inner + outlier” and the company achieved business income of $140,617 million in the first three quarters of 2019, a year-on-year increase.
19.57 per cent; net profit on return to the mother is 3,399 million yuan, an increase of 0.80 per cent in the same year; net profit on recovery is 2,095 million yuan, an increase of 10.66 per cent in the same year. On a quarterly basis, the company, 2019,q3, achieved operating income of 48,042 million yuan, an increase of 15.14 per cent in the same year; net profit on return to the mother is 1,113 million yuan, an increase in the same year.
Industrial plates continue to grow at a rapid pace, with strategic collaboration with Biocad. Sub-operations show that corporate industrial plates maintain rapid growth, three seasons before 2019. Income structure (2019h1)
The pharmaceutical industry has achieved revenues of $17,682 million, an increase of 24.05 per cent over the previous year, of which 60 are priorities. Joint venture agreements were signed with Biocad in September 2019, which included the introduction of Adawood antibiotics, curdstone antibiotics, beverage antibiotics, pd-1 products, etc.
The six heavy-pound biopharmaceuticals in the past six months, compared to 300 in depth, are permanently and exclusively developed, produced, marketed and commercialized in the Greater China, and as both sides continue to deepen their strategic collaboration on molecular biopharmaceutical development, there are
In the first three quarters of 2019, the company achieved sales revenue of $122.188 million, an increase of 18.56 per cent.
Continue to promote the construction of provincial platforms in priority provinces, vaccine operations, and equipment distribution operations, respectively, 92.33 per cent more than 30 per cent longer than the previous year.
In October 2019, the company announced a draft equity incentive scheme to award 28.4209 million stock options for operating income, weighted average net asset return, parent net profit, etc. to 211 persons receiving incentives, including company executives, middle managers and core technology, business cadres, etc.
Set performance indicators for R & D costs, performance composite indices, etc., to guarantee firm performance, robust growth, and ensure that firms have competitive advantages in R & D, profitability, etc. Closely align the medium- and long-term development prospects of the Department with core employee interests, and sustain firm growth.
Anticipated risks to industrial policies, such as double-ticketing: risk that the evaluation of pharmaceutical consistency is not as fast as expected; risk of failure in research and development of new medicines; risk of loss of goodwill; and risk of loss of value.
The competitive advantage is expected to increase the share of pure sales in the current round of trade shuffling and to take up a greater share of the market. Moreover, the synergies between firms and businesses are evident, and the industrial sector maintains a focus strategy on treatment and priority products, maintaining a faster growth and a wealth of research varieties in the long run.
Moreover, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, and will not be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or observations in this report. The company is qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.