Businesses are growing faster, and performance is expected to rise to the top.
The company published three quarterly reports in 2019, yielding $14,617 million in revenue in the first three quarters, an increase of 19.57 per cent over the previous quarter; and net profits attributable to shareholders in listed companies of $3,399 million, an increase of (i) industry maintained faster growth and continued to drive the transformation of innovation
Industry continues to grow at a faster pace, with high priority varieties performing well. The pharmaceutical industry generated $17,682 million in sales revenue in the first three quarters of the company, an increase of 24.05 per cent over the same period the previous year, and a Māori rate of 57.54 per cent.
Sodium sulfonic acid injectors continue to raise their share of the market at the grass-roots level and achieve a sales income of 1.14 billion.
The same-year increase of 76.39 per cent; last year, the Katopli film, which was evaluated through consistency, went further down the canals, swiped primary health-care institutions and retail pharmacies, and generated $91.61 million in sales earnings, compared to the same increase, continued to accelerate the transformation of innovation, and collaborated with Biocad to introduce heavy-pound biopharmaceuticals.
On 17 September, the company signed a joint venture agreement with Biocad, Russia’s largest bio-pharmaceutical company, to introduce anti-bio-like medicines, tradrome-like medicines, beverage sheets, etc.
Six heavy-pound biopharmaceuticals, including bio-like drugs, pd-1 products, are reported in the Shanghai medicine 2019-09-03 in the Greater China Region: industry is growing rapidly, and the business pole effect is high.
Long-term, exclusive rights to research and development, production, marketing and other commercialization, and joint ventures will be used as a quarterly review of Shanghai Medicines 2019-04-30: Industry maintains rapid growth as the only platform for Biocad in the Greater China Region to develop more biopharmaceutical research and innovation for big molecules.
Longer, business returns are expected to improve Shanghai Annual Medical Report 2019-04-10 Tracking: income upswings, benefits projects start comprehensive strategic cooperation, and in-house growth and continued enrichment of company bio-innovation R & D pipelines
208-10-29 Shanghai Three-quarterly report on pharmaceuticals: industry keeps growing rapidly, business plates are getting warmer, consistency evaluation continues to advance, and the development of generic large-scale pharmaceutical varieties continues. By the end of September, companies had completed over 40
The company has also taken a step forward in the evaluation of the consistency of injections, and a total of six regulations have been completed for the testing and declaration of be and to code. In addition, the company has continued to promote the development of new generic varieties.
Looking forward to a new profit growth point in the near future. A supplemental request has been obtained for the acetic beclomethasone inhaling aerosols, and three specifications for his calcium tablets have been declared for production, so that dichloride capsules and leaching sarcophagus have been filed, and clinical chemotherapy has been officially started with the capertabin.
(ii) Continued improvement of the national distribution network, which is expected to generate sustained returns from import agents Business maintains faster growth and continues to improve the national distribution network. Corporate pharmaceutical businesses achieved revenues of $12,293.5 billion, an increase of 18.95 per cent compared to 18.95 per cent. Of this, pharmaceutical distribution generated sales revenues of $1,22.188 million, an increase of 18.56 per cent compared to 18.56 per cent;
Pharmaceutical retailing achieved sales revenue of $5.908 billion, an increase of 15.94 per cent. Corporate business blocks continued to grow faster than the industry as a whole, and corporate national business excellence was further highlighted. During the reporting period, companies continued to push for new distribution and new retail development strategies to promote the rapid development of niche and innovative businesses, with a clear focus on regional development in the provinces.
The strategy is to continue to promote provincial platforms in key provinces such as Guangdong, Shandong, Heilongjiang, Gilling, Liaoning, using the policy opportunities offered by the two-vote system and the procurement of collateral, to consolidate market resources and, while maintaining strict control over the accounts receivable, to take over the net worth of the country’s largest imported drug agency, it is expected to continue to benefit from the introduction of large varieties.
Further reforms have been introduced, and policies have been introduced to encourage innovation in medicines and speed up the introduction of foreign innovations, and companies have been growing well in their drug entry agency business. The company relies on a strong network of 93 dtp pharmacies to provide efficient and compliant distribution channels for uninsured imported medicines and new specials, thereby enabling them to quickly open up the national market and enter their respective varieties.
After health insurance, the company distribution network provides access to the hospital services, which combines a one-stop supply chain for multinational pharmaceutical companies and innovation companies, and combines efforts to take over the total distribution rights for the large variety of new medicines.
Figure 4: The company ' s retail revenues and growth rate (iii) have improved in recent years, and its performance is expected to move upwards. The company ' s industrial business portfolio is currently growing well, and performance is expected to move upwards.
The deduction of non-mortality net profits increased by 44.82 per cent over the same period, although the third quarter net return on maternity fell by 16.88 per cent, owing to the more than two billion one-time investment returns generated by the Guangdong Tianpu M&A over the same period last year. If the company is able to maintain a more stable level of non-recurring gains and losses in the future, the growth of corporate profits is expected to accelerate.
On the one hand, the company’s industrial sector has performed well on priority items, and the company’s continued introduction and development of new varieties is expected to bring new growth points. On the other hand, the firm’s business sector continues to be a national leader and continues to improve the national network.
Continue to encourage the introduction of a large variety of innovative medicines from abroad, which the company, as the country ' s largest pharmaceutical import agent, is expected to be (iv) reasonably valued by the company, and future profits are expected to improve. As of 31 October, the company ' s market rate (ttm) was 13.49, and the market rate (ttm) for pharmaceutical products in the tertiary sector was ttm)
The median is 16.01, with a market gain below the industry median. Given that the company’s current growth in net profits from non-repatriation has accelerated, and its performance is expected to turn up, we believe that the company’s current valuation has investment value.
Potential. With strong growth in corporate industrial clusters and the continued introduction and development of new ones, the corporate industrial plates are expected to continue their rapid growth trend. On the other hand, we appreciate the advantages of corporate distribution poles. With increasing concentration in the pharmaceutical industry, the firm’s market share is expected to rise further, and the leading import agent business is expected to rise.
Risks of failure in R & D, risk of reduced prices for drug bidding, risk of impairment of goodwill, etc.