Murray Medical (300760.ch): 1h23 performance robust, with 3q23 health-related anti-corruption effects gradually emerging, vd and domestic sales of medical images recovered from March, 2q23 countries
We expect that medical corruption will increase the output of 2h23 by the same amount. Keeping the “buy-in” rating, taking into account the delay in purchasing hospital equipment in the context of anti-corruption, 1h23's performance meets expectations, vd and medical imagery in the country have recovered since March:
Long continues to benefit from the logic of “a breakthrough for new domestic infrastructure + offshore high-end customers”; vd revenue and regular domestic reagent purchases have recovered since March, pulling 2q23 domestic ivd revenues and Māori + 1.9 pcts to 67.8 per cent, and domestic video equipment purchases have similarly recovered since March, with the high-end ultrasound and medium-end ultrasoundi series continuously released.
... to fight corruption or to lower the 2h23e income increase, but the net gain is expected to be sustained by cost cuts and exchange rates. Companies have felt the real impact of medical corruption since early August, with a projected delay of 30 + % in the current domestic bid set-up, which is expected to have a negative impact on the company’s 3q23 revenue,
Medium ultrasound sales are much more affected by anti-corruption, followed by supervised products, and vd is expected to be less affected. 2h23 revenue, although hit, is expected to remain at 20% of the annual net return as a result of business promotion, travel, reduced performance bonuses, and foreign exchange appreciation.
In addition, at the end of 2q23, there are still 23 billion dollars worth of new infrastructure machines (vs1q2.3 billion yuan), and the collection of central and central kidneys and myocardial enzymes and the inter-provincial union of An ivd is expected to open by the end of December.
The collection included 29 species (16 kidneys, 13 heart enzymes), based on the previous hepatochemical collection schedule, which is expected to be published in November and will be launched by the end of December. In addition, the inter-provincial union collection led by Anhui was launched on 30 August.
The Inter-Provincial Alliance is involved in more or more provinces (expected to be 20+ provinces) and the import brand is active, and we expect that the decrease will continue to be significant, but the market for national products is low.
The winning bid is expected to be achieved in such a way that the pre-Ambassine province will be collected in exchange for the price. Given the delay in purchasing hospital equipment, the uncertainty about the company’s revenue and net profit growth has increased, with a yearly average (43x) of 0.7 standard deviations.
Scavenger attention to the international study of Pui Jin, financial statement analysis and forecasting, Méri Medical, Pui Jin-Il.
Promising and pessimistic scenario Pessimistic scenario: corporate income growth is not as high as expected
By accepting this report (including any relevant annexes), the recipient of this report states and guarantees that he is entitled to this report under the following conditions and agrees to be bound by the restrictions contained therein. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the law. This report is the subject of activities regulated by the securities and futures regulations (Chapter 571) in the first category (securities transactions) and the fourth category (discussing securities).
All the information is collected from this report and distributed to anyone. No one may use any of the information in this report for other purposes. This report is only prepared for the purpose of providing information and cannot be interpreted as referring to a purchase or sale.
You shall not interpret the content of this report as an exclusive opinion or recommendation on legal, tax, accounting or investment matters. You shall consult with your legal and financial counsel on legal and related matters relating to any transaction covered by this report.
This report does not contain all the information that the company may require, and you should not merely base your investment, withdrawal, or any financial decision or action on the information contained in this report. In addition to a presentation of historical data, this report may contain forward-looking statements involving a variety of risks and uncertainties, which may be based on assumptions and limited to significant risks and uncertainties.
The views, recommendations, recommendations and opinions in this report do not necessarily reflect the position of Pil-Bing’s international securities. Pil-Bing International Holdings Ltd. and its associated companies, associated departments (collectively “Pu-Bing International”) and/or its directors and/or employees may hold the securities of the companies described in this report or related to them, and may from time to time buy or sell them.