The Chinese ship (600150) covers the Chinese ship group's core civilian platform, which mixes expectations with the ship industry.
Reheating double-lined boost 21 December 2016 Investment rating: buy-in (first time)
The seaworks' performance has slowed down, and the shipbuilding business has been strong: in the first half of 2016, the company achieved Chen Shengfing, and in the third quarter of the year, the company returned to its mother ' s net profit of 440 million, a significant decline of 355% over the same period.
At the operational level, the company uses the precautionary principle to raise losses due to the continuing global oil price downturn. The expected year-round performance pressure is mainly due to sea industry delays.
The ship's operations were robust, starting with significant profits from the signing of orders in 13/14 and a smaller number of abandoned ships; the second included 14 large-scale, 400,000-ton orders for mega-mine sandals (vl0c); and, in addition, companies had entered luxury cruise ships, special ships, etc.
The ship market is at an all-time low, with deep adjustments: this year, the ship market continues to have low depths. The core of 1: shipbuilding, new orders, hand-held orders, etc.
In particular, the number of new orders was at an all-time low: by November, the number of new global orders had reached 2.628 million tons, a decrease of 68 per cent over the same period last year.
The year-to-year contract for the sale of 64,000 tons of bulk ships at a price of over $24 million, while the current price for second-hand ships in five years is only $17 million, which is difficult to ship, delays, high risk of abandonment; 4: overcapacity: industry slows down due to technological advances
The world’s ship industry is overstretched, with about 200 million tons of effective global capacity, and as of November this year, there are less than 30 million tons of new global orders. Next year, it is expected to hit the bottom, and the bottom is likely to climb: the ship industry will rebound next year.
The main reason is that: (a) next year ' s delivery orders are mostly made in 2013, and this order is normally profitable to deliver; (b) this year, the number of new orders hit bottom in the country, with an aggregate of 2.628 million new load tons in November, well below the average for nearly 15 years (110 million).
We expect, however, that next year the ship industry may not be able to achieve eruptionary growth, most notably because the last wave of ship industry has been driven mainly by the rise of China.
Three factors are of concern: oil prices, bdi, and a mix of three factors: one: post-spring oil prices portends.
Next year's industrial landscape: the recent increase in oil prices, with the exception of the occ drop in production, the seasonal factor (winter heating demand) should not be underestimated, but rather the industry's return to warmth next year, and the oil price movement after the spring will have a premonition; the 2:bdi index has a guiding value:
The bdi index is now warming up to 1,000 points, which is closely linked to the earlier low indexes and the seasonal rebound before Christmas. After that, the bdi index has a stronger guiding value for industry activity; 3: The group mix is expected to be of concern: the South ship itself has a lot.
High-quality assets, such as shipbuilding in Jiangnan, ship construction in China, China, China, etc., have the imagination to change in the context of State enterprise reform in the face of the failure of listed companies to perform Chinese ship defence (600685); they benefit from the build-up of carrier battle groups and the transformation of state enterprises.
Dong Wu Securities Company Ltd. has been accredited with the Securities Investment Advisory Board with the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board