Biannual review 2024: Volatility of Pan Wealth Management Operations, Performance of Self-employed and Investment Operations Research Assistant Lo Woo-Kang
In the first half of 2024, the market was in shock and the debt market was relatively stable; as of 2024/06, 100 million yuan (31 per cent of the total), mainly because companies used multiple strategic investment instruments to reduce their rights during the current period.
At the end of June, the market had a combined balance of $1.48 trillion, compared with the beginning of the year-10.3 per cent, net corporate interest income, which ranged from $48 per cent to $900 million (8 per cent of the total), mainly from interest earned on the company's current portfolio.
▪ Market volatility affects the corporate income from broad wealth management operations as a whole, and the performance of the banks is impressive: average annual market share turnover a is between $9.48 per cent and $853.3 billion per day, net revenue from corporate brokerage
The management and administration of the Fund received revenues of between 19 and 3.4 billion yuan (29 per cent of the total), mainly due to the shrinking size of the market equity fund and the impact of the fall in management fees. 3) The investment business is steadily moving forward.
77%) Out-of-country equity financing completed the Hong Kong ipo Project 2 item, issued as an insurance representative ipo item 1 item, amounting to HK$ 1 billion (market ranking 3); completed the refinancing project 2 item (replenishment of Hong Kong subsidiary, overseas operations will be enhanced: 26 July 2024, company announcement
Bhu has extended its full-source subsidiary to Hong Kong Corporation of China by HK$1.1 billion. After the replenishment, Hong Kong Corporation of China increased its paid-in capital to HK$8.2 billion. Replenishment of overseas wholly-owned subsidiaries is closely linked to business transformation.
At the tenth meeting of its ninth session, the Board of Trustees considered and adopted the Bill on the Modalities for Replenishment of Corporate Holdings (Medium: Open Securities (000776: Hong Kong, Country Quarterly) Limited Replenishment, agreeing to make a one-time or a share of Hong Kong Corporations available to the public.
The sum of HK$ 5,237 million was increased by HK$ 1.1 billion as part of the company's implementation of previous resolutions aimed at accelerating the deployment of internationalization strategies and increasing the competitiveness of global financial markets.
▪ Profit forecasting and investment rating: in the medium term, market trading sentiment and investment operations are subject to cyclical adjustment factors, but the market is in the same direction for the long term, with good policy incentives for securities Quality development in the industry Quality development in the wider distribution of securities is expected to seize the opportunity to break through to higher-quality general wealth
Open Securities (000776): 2023 Review: Management business continues to attract a larger client base, we cut down on company profit projections, self-employment is relatively robust and eco-stimulating.
With the approval of the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board, Dong Wu Securities Inc. has qualified for portfolio investment consultancy.