紫金矿业 Zijin Mining Group (601899 CH)
藏区明珠落子紫金版图, 收购稀缺型纯湖表卤水资源
Acquisition of Pure Lake Surface Brine Resources Announced
观点聚焦 Investment Focus
(Please see APPENDIX 1 for English summary)
维持优于大市 Maintain OUTPERFORM
优于大市 OUTPERFORM
收购西藏优质盐湖资产, 锂板块新增国内布局。紫金矿业公
Rmb11.07
告,拟出资收购盾安集团旗下四项资产包(包括西藏阿里拉果错
Rmb19.80
盐湖锂矿 70%权益等交易标的资产),总作价为 76.82 亿元。
CCC
MSCI ESG 评级
其中,本次收购的核心资产为金石矿业 100%股权,作价 48.97 亿
义利评级
AA-
元。金石矿业持有西藏阿里拉果资源公司 70%股权, 其拥有西藏
Rmb281.18bn / US$42.69bn
阿里改则县拉果错盐湖锂矿项目。
US$444.53mn
日交易额 (3 个月均值)
发行股票数目
20,592mn
资源处于国内是重要考量要素，收购对价估值合理。通过对
自由流通股 (%)
67%
近期涉锂收购对价进行梳理，我们认为本次紫金收购拉果错盐湖作
1年股价最高最低值
Rmb12.74-Rmb9.37
价合理,在长周期运营中能够取得较好盈利。该收购万吨产能估值
约为 13.99 亿元, 在资源量超过 100 万吨的中大型锂盐湖/矿山中估
值处于中位水平, 而本次收购万吨资源量估值约为 3269.2 万元,
Price Return — MSCI China
在国内盐湖的几次收购中也处于中下水平。
稀缺型纯湖表卤水资源,吸附膜法提升产能至 5 万吨。拉果
错盐湖保有资源量折碳酸锂 214 万吨,平均锂离子浓度 270 毫克/
升,镁锂比3.32。
低镁锂比+低杂质,利于提锂成本下行。拉果错盐湖镁锂比仅
3.32, 且杂质较低。拉果错低镁锂、低杂质的特性将导致提锂成本
Volume
低于其他项目。
有望成为国内产量领先的锂盐项目,成本处于全球较低分
Jan-22
Sep-21
May-21
位。拉果错盐湖储量在国内盐湖中与东台吉乃尔盐湖、西台吉乃
尔盐湖在同一水平，高于西藏扎布耶盐湖、一里坪盐湖等，产能规
模在国内乃至全球盐湖中属于较高水平。
1mth
3mth
12mth
绝对值
-4.5%
13.4%
-1.4%
-3.2%
绝对值(美元)
9.6%
-7.6%
储量居全球前列, 我们预计公司 2022 年主要项目能够顺利投产,
相对 MSCI China
18.3%
37.8%
32.5%
并暂时不考虑本次收购的影响。我们预计 2022-2024 年 EPS 分别为
0.99、1.17 和 1.26 元/股。我们预计随着公司卡莫阿铜矿和佩吉铜
Dec-24E
(Rmb mn)
Dec-21A
Dec-22E
Dec-23E
金矿等投产运营,公司净利润将迎来快速增长期,参考可比公司估
460,380
营业收入
225,102
331,663
391,945
值水平, 给予 2022 年 20 倍 PE 估值, 对应合理价值 19.80 元, 维
(+/-)
31%
47%
17%
18%
净利润
15,673
26,066
30,807
33,191
持“优干大市”评级。
(+/-)
141%
66%
18%
全面摊薄 EPS
(Rmb)
14.3%
毛利率
15.4%
15.3%
15.5%
净资产收益率
22.7%
27.9%
25.6%
22.4%
市盈率
Yuntao Jin
本研究报告由海通国际分销，海通国际是由海通国际研究有限公司，海通证券印度私人有限公司，海通国际株式会社和海通国
际证券集团其他各成员单位的证券研究团队所组成的全球品牌，海通国际证券集团各成员分别在其许可的司法管辖区内从事证
disclaimer)
收购西藏优质盐湖资产, 锂板块新增国内布局
紫金矿业公告，拟出资收购盾安集团旗下四项资产包（包括西藏阿里拉果错盐
湖锂矿 70%权益等交易标的资产),总作价为 76.82 亿元。
其中,本次收购的核心资产为金石矿业100%股权,作价48.97亿元。金石矿业
持有西藏阿里拉果资源公司 70%股权,其拥有西藏阿里改则县拉果错盐湖锂矿项
本次收购完成后，紫金矿业按权益拥有的碳酸锂资源量将达到 913 万吨，将显
著增加锂资源储备, 锂业版图新增国内资产, 资源可靠性进一步提升。
图1 拉果错: 国内最大的待开发锂盐湖床之一
目前该项目安全评价、地质环境保护和土地复垦方案、水土保持方案、节能评
估报告、水资源论证报告、用地意见和绿色矿山建设规划均已得到审查或批复。
2020年初, 拉果错盐湖已取得了采矿权公示, 尚待取得纸质采矿权证书。
资源处于国内是重要考量要素，收购对价估值合理
通过对近期涉锂收购对价进行梳理, 我们认为本次紫金收购拉果错盐湖作价合
理,在长周期运营中能够取得较好盈利。该收购万吨产能估值约为 13.99 亿元,在
资源量超过100万吨的中大型锂盐湖/矿山中估值处于中位水平,而本次收购万吨资
源量估值约为 3269.2 万元,在国内盐湖的几次收购中也处于中下水平。
此外,考虑到:(1)拉果错盐湖位于国内,政策及资源可靠性强;(2)拉果错
作为国内最大的待开发锂盐湖床之一,资源量在国内排名前5,全球排名前20,本
次收购完成后, 拉果错有望成为国内产能最大的锂盐湖项目之一。(3) 拉果错盐湖
是较为稀缺的纯湖表卤水资源,资源可靠程度高。(4)拉果错盐湖是西藏少有的低
镁锂比盐湖, 其镁锂比仅 3.32, 且杂质较低。
稀缺型纯湖表卤水资源,吸附膜法提升产能至 5 万
3.1 拉果错: 国内最大的待开发锂盐湖床之一
拉果错盐湖保有资源量折碳酸锂 214 万吨,且由于是湖水含锂,其资源量即可
视为储量,平均锂离子浓度 270 毫克/升, 镁锂比 3.32。此外,项目碳酸锂、氧化
硼、氧化铷、氧化铯均达到大型规模。
据紫金矿业统计，拉果错是国内最大的待开发锂盐湖床之一，资源量在国内排
名前 5,全球排名前 20。本次收购完成后,拉果错有望成为国内产能最大的锂盐湖
项目之一。
公司披露, 拉果错盐湖是较为稀缺的纯湖表卤水资源, 资源可靠程度高。液体
卤水矿大致可分为湖表卤水和潜卤水,前者的锂资源赋存在湖表卤水湖中,资源容
易测度，采卤简单，潜卤水的资源则是赋存在地表下的水层介质中，又可分为晶间
卤水和孔隙卤水、资源的可靠性相对较差、采卤也相对麻烦。
南美以及中国等大量盐湖都是潜卤水资源，像拉果错这类纯湖表卤水资源较为
稀缺。
3.2 低镁锂比+低杂质, 利于提锂成本下行
拉果错盐湖是西藏少有的低镁锂比盐湖, 其镁锂比仅 3.32, 且杂质较低。盐湖
提锂由于镁和硫酸盐等杂质的存在，需要在卤水中进行分离，导致操作成本较高。
拉果错低镁锂、低杂质的特性将导致提锂成本低于其他项目。
公司披露, 拉果错盐湖镁锂比远低于青海盐湖, 在全球盐湖中也属较低水平,
这会使得提锂环节的镁锂分离相对容易,可以采用吸附法直接从湖水中提锂。
3.3 有望成为国内产量领先的锂盐项目，成本处于全球较低分位
资源禀赋方面，我们以资源量/储量为横轴,品位为纵轴,产能为气泡面积绘
制了 2025 年预计在产项目的气泡图。由于梳理项目较多, 我们在 2025 年的气泡图
中仅显示大规模矿山及盐湖。
可以看出，拉果错盐湖储量在国内盐湖中与东台吉乃尔盐湖、西台吉乃尔盐湖
在同一水平，高于西藏扎布耶盐湖、一里坪盐湖等，产能规模在国内乃至全球盐湖
中属于较高水平。
图2 2025 年预计在产盐湖项目气泡图
公司认为,该项目建设规模有显著扩展空间,可采用更加环保经济的“吸附膜
处理联合工艺”,即:从盐湖抽取的卤水经吸附锂离子后直接返回湖区,含锂的洗
脱液经浓缩、除杂(除钙、镁、硼)后,制备锂产品;该工艺成熟,实施难度小,
建设周期短。
如采用吸附膜处理联合工艺,该项目一期产量为2万吨/年碳酸锂,项目二期
建设投产后产量拟提升到5万吨/年碳酸锂，项目预期比原方案有更好的经济效益。
公司收购完成后将根据西藏的盐湖开发政策决定具体开发方案。
拉果错盐湖是硫酸盐型盐湖,与青海各盐湖类似,但其镁锂比仅 3.32,远低于
青海盐湖，在全球盐湖中也属较低水平，这会使得提锂环节的镁锂分离相对容易，
可以采用吸附法直接从湖水中提锂，从而降低成本水平。我们认为，虽然该项目需
要完善周边电力基建及交通，但有望成为国内产量领先的锂盐项目，最终达产综合
成本有望控制在 3-4 万元/吨水平, 在全球碳酸锂成本曲线中处于领先位置。
图3 2021 年全球碳酸锂成本曲线
拉果错盐湖
\overline{\phantom{a}}
环境因素:水源充沛,光伏发电可解决电力问题
拉果错盐湖位于西藏阿里地区改则县南约 60 公里的麻米乡境内,西距麻米乡
约 38 公里,从改则县向东行 920 公里与青藏公路和青藏铁路相接,由相接处南行
390公里可达拉萨。
优势:交通便利;索美藏布、雄布卡河水质可满足工业用水和生活用水要求;
矿区北部地形开阔平缓，坡度较小，有利于矿山工业场地布设及盐田的建设。
公司表示，盐湖提锂项目对淡水的需求较大，采卤需要有持续的水流补充，提
锂环节如用吸附法也需要消耗大量淡水。拉果错项目南侧有索美藏布和雄布卡两大
淡水河，流量大，其中雄布卡冬季全段不结冰，两条河流可提供充沛的淡水补充。
劣势: 距离中心城市较远; 地处高原, 物流人流较困难。
图4 拉果错盐湖交通位置图
85°
80°
90°
6460 藏色岗日
6418 经查普山
蜀泉河。6596 是龙岗日
前 牧界
为初一
◆図仁波飲峰
特勒和用政
隆格尔
工作区范围
仲巴!
南木林
90°
400km
电力供应: 110 千伏国家电网线路已到达改则县,从改则县到麻米乡的 35 千伏
电网已接通,工业用电可从改则县引至矿区,直线距离约33公里,但阿里地区电
力总功率小,不能满足矿山开发用电需求。
盐湖区面积大 (95.7 平方公里), 地形条件较好, 光照充足, 可以建设光伏发
电及储能系统,解决电力不足的问题。
成立西南地质勘查公司，巨龙顺利开发积累藏区口
紫金表示,由于看重西南片区特别是川藏地带的资源勘探潜力,2022年3月公
司成立了西南地质勘查公司。公司披露数据显示，西藏铜锂资源丰富，铜资源储量
约占中国一半,但产量仅约国内的 10%。西藏卤水锂含量达到边界工业品位的盐湖
有80个,大型以上有8个,氯化锂资源储量超过1700万吨,还有较大增储空间,
除盐湖外，近些年在喜马拉雅山脉还有大型锂辉石伟晶岩带发现。
而在公司传统业务铜板块，紫金矿业在西藏已参股了玉龙铜矿、谢通门雄村铜
金矿,2020年收购了巨龙铜业50.1%股权。此前,当地居民和紫金矿业尽调团队进
行了沟通,对项目开发较为支持,公司因建设巨龙铜矿项目在西藏也积累了不错的
口碑。
其他打包资产:上市公司股权安全边际较高
6.1 江南化工及盾安环境无限售流通股
本次交易还包括盾安集团及下属公司或关联方持有的 A 股上市公司“江南化
工”, 无限售条件的流通股 2.6 亿股, 作价 14.2 亿元; “盾安环境”0.89 亿股, 作价
6.5 亿元。
从 2 家上市公司的 PE/PB-Band 来看,目前其估值均处于历史较低位置,长期看
安全边际较高。
6.2 如山系投资项目
本次转让的一部分股权和财产份额为盾安集团及关联人质押给民泽科技银团的
如山系投资项目,转让作价 7.1 亿元。
这些投资项目主要包括股权和证券投资，涉及新能源汽车、信息安全、智能制
造和大健康等领域。
盈利预测与估值
公司黄金、铜等金属资源储量居全球前列,我们预计公司 2022 年主要项目能
够顺利投产,包括:(1)卡莫阿-卡库拉铜矿二期顺利达产;(2)塞紫铜 VK 矿 4 万
吨/天技改顺利于 202202 投产, 达产后新增矿产铜约 3.5 万吨: (3) 诺顿金田
Binduli 北年处理 500 万吨低品位矿石项目顺利于 2022Q3 建成投产,达产后新增矿
产金约 2.5 吨; (4) 诺顿金田难处理金矿项目顺利于 2022 年底建成投产; (5) 山西
紫金新建 6000/日矿山智能化采选改扩建主体工程顺利于 2022Q2 建成，达产后新增
矿产金 3-4 吨。
维持盈利预测、估值和投资评级。公司黄金、铜等金属资源储量居全球前列,
我们预计公司 2022 年主要项目能够顺利投产。我们预计 2022-2024 年 EPS 分别为
0.99、1.17和1.26元/股,由于我们预计随着公司卡莫阿铜矿和佩吉铜金矿等投产运
营,公司净利润将迎来快速增长期,参考可比公司估值水平,给予 2022 年 20 倍 PE
估值,对应合理价值 19.80 元,维持“优于大市”评级。
项目建设进度不及预期。
财务报表分析和预测
Summary
The acquisition of high-quality salt lake assets in Tibet and the new domestic layout of lithium plate. Zijin Mining Group
announced that it plans to invest in the acquisition of four asset packages under Dunan group (including 70% equity of Tibet arila
guocuo Salt Lake Lithium mine and other transaction subject assets), with a total price of 7.682 billion yuan.
Domestic resources are an important consideration factor, and the valuation of acquisition consideration is reasonable. By
sorting out the consideration for the recent acquisition of lithium, we believe that the price of Zijin's acquisition of lagocuo Salt
Lake is reasonable and can achieve better profits in long-term operation.
For the scarce pure lake surface brine resources, the capacity is increased to 50000 tons by adsorption membrane method. The
retained resources of lagocuo salt lake are converted into 2.14 million tons of lithium carbonate, the average lithium ion
concentration is 270 mg / L, and the ratio of magnesium to lithium is 3.32.
Low magnesium lithium ratio + low impurities, which is conducive to the downward cost of lithium extraction. The ratio of
magnesium to lithium in lagocuo Salt Lake is only 3.32, and the impurities are low. Laguocuo has the characteristics of low
magnesium, lithium and impurities, which will lead to the lower cost of lithium extraction than other projects.
It is expected to become a lithium salt project with leading domestic production, and the cost is in the lower quintile in the
world. The reserve of lagocuo Salt Lake is at the same level as that of East Taijinar Salt Lake and West Taijinar Salt Lake in domestic
salt lakes, higher than that of Zabuye Salt Lake and Yiliping Salt Lake in Tibet. The capacity scale is at a high level in domestic and
even global salt lakes.
Environmental factors: abundant water sources, photovoltaic power generation can solve the power problem. On the south
side of lagoco project, there are two fresh water rivers, somei Zangbu and xiongbuka, with large flow. The two rivers can provide
abundant fresh water supplement. The Salt Lake area has a large area, good topographic conditions and sufficient light. It can build
photovoltaic power generation and energy storage system to solve the problem of power shortage.
Southwest Geological Exploration Company was established, and Julong successfully developed and accumulated reputation in
Tibet. In March 2022, the company established Southwest Geological Exploration Company. According to the data disclosed by
the company, Tibet is extremely rich in copper and lithium resources, and the reserves of copper resources account for about half
of China.
Other packaged assets: the equity safety margin of listed companies is high. Including Jiangnan Chemical and Dunan environment
unlimited sale of tradable shares, such as mountain series investment projects.
Maintain the earnings forecast, target price and investment rating. The company's reserves of gold, copper and other metal
resources rank among the top in the world. We expect the company's major projects to be put into operation smoothly in 2022.
We expect the company's 2022-24 EPS to be Rmb0.99, Rmb1.17 and Rmb1.26, respectively. The target price is maintained at
Rmb19.8 on 20x 2022 PER, and we re-iterate the OUTPERFORM rating.
Risk statement. The construction progress of the project is less than expected.
附录 APPENDIX
重要信息披露
本研究报告由海通国际分销，海通国际是由海通国际研究有限公司(HTIRL)，Haitong Securities India Private Limited (HSIPL)，Haitong International Japan K.K. (HTIJKK)和海通国际证券有限公
司(HTISCL)的证券研究团队所组成的全球品牌，海通国际证券集团(HTISG)各成员分别在其许可的司法管辖区内从事证券活动。
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES
This research report is distributed by Haitong International, a global brand name for the equity research teams of Haitong International Research Limited ("HTIRL"), Haitong Securities India Private
Limited ("HSIPL"), Haitong International Japan K.K. ("HTIJKK"), Haitong International Securities Company Limited ("HTISCL"), and any other members within the Haitong International Securities Group
of Companies ("HTISG"), each authorized to engage in securities activities in its respective jurisdiction.
我，Yuntao Jin，在此保证（i）本研究报告中的意见准确反映了我们对本研究中提及的任何或所有目标公司或上市公司的个人观点，并且（ii）我的报酬中没有任何部分与本研究报告中
表达的具体建议或观点直接或间接相关；及就此报告中所讨论目标公司的证券，我们（包括我们的家属）在其中均不持有任何财务利益。I, Yuntao Jin, certify that (i) the views expressed
in this research report accurately reflect my personal views about any or all of the subject companies or issuers referred to in this research and (ii) no part of my compensation was, is or will be
directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in this research report; and that I (including members of my household) have no financial interest in the security or
securities of the subject companies discussed.
利益冲突披露 Conflict of Interest Disclosures
海通国际及其某些关联公司可从事投资银行业务和/或对本研究中的特定股票或公司进行做市或持有自营头寸。就本研究报告而言，以下是有关该等关系的披露事项（以下披露不能保
HTI and some of its affiliates may engage in investment banking and / or serve as a market maker or hold proprietary trading positions of certain stocks or companies in this research report. As far
as this research report is concerned, the following are the disclosure matters related to such relationship (As the following disclosure does not ensure timeliness and completeness, please send an
评级定义(从2020年7月1日开始执行):
评级分布 Rating Distribution
海通国际(以下简称"HTI")采用相对评级系统来为投资者推荐我们覆盖的公
司:优于大市、中性或弱于大市。投资者应仔细阅读 HTI 的评级定义。并且 HTI
基于各自情况（比如投资者的现有持仓）以及其他因素。
优于大市,未来 12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数涨幅在 10%以上,基准定义如
中性,未来 12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数变化不大,基准定义如下。根据
FINRA/NYSE 的评级分布规则,我们会将中性评级划入持有这一类别。
弱于大市,未来 12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数跌幅在 10%以上,基准定义如
各地股票基准指数: 日本 - TOPIX, 韩国 - KOSPI, 台湾 - TAIEX, 印度 - Nifty100, 美
国 - SP500; 其他所有中国概念股 - MSCI China.
Ratings Definitions (from 1 Jul 2020):
Haitong International uses a relative rating system using Outperform,
Neutral, or Underperform for recommending the stocks we cover to
investors. Investors should carefully read the definitions of all ratings used
in Haitong International Research. In addition, since Haitong International
Research contains more complete information concerning the analyst's
views, investors should carefully read Haitong International Research, in its
entirety, and not infer the contents from the rating alone. In any case,
ratings (or research) should not be used or relied upon as investment
advice. An investor's decision to buy or sell a stock should depend on
individual circumstances (such as the investor's existing holdings) and other
considerations.
Analyst Stock Ratings
Outperform: The stock's total return over the next 12-18 months is
expected to exceed the return of its relevant broad market benchmark, as
indicated below.
Neutral: The stock's total return over the next 12-18 months is expected to
be in line with the return of its relevant broad market benchmark, as
indicated below. For purposes only of FINRA/NYSE ratings distribution
rules, our Neutral rating falls into a hold rating category.
Underperform: The stock's total return over the next 12-18 months is
expected to be below the return of its relevant broad market benchmark,
as indicated below.
Benchmarks for each stock's listed region are as follows: Japan - TOPIX,
Korea – KOSPI, Taiwan – TAIEX, India – Nifty100, US – SP500; for all other
China-concept stocks – MSCI China.
上述分布中的买入，中性和卖出分别对应我们当前优于大市，中性和落后大市评级。
只有根据 FINRA/NYSE 的评级分布规则，我们才将中性评级划入持有这一类别。请注意在上表中不包含非评级的股票。
此前的评级系统定义(直至 2020年 6月 30日):
买入, 未来 12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数涨幅在 10%以上, 基准定义如下
中性，未来 12-18 个月内预期相对基准指数变化不大，基准定义如下。根据 FINRA/NYSE 的评级分布规则，我们会将中性评级划入持有这一类别。
卖出,未来12-18个月内预期相对基准指数跌幅在10%以上,基准定义如下
各地股票基准指数: 日本-TOPIX, 韩国-KOSPI, 台湾-TAIEX, 印度-Nifty100; 其他所有中国概念股-MSCI China.
BUY, Neutral, and SELL in the above distribution correspond to our current ratings of Outperform, Neutral, and Underperform.
For purposes only of FINRA/NYSE ratings distribution rules, our Neutral rating falls into a hold rating category. Please note that stocks with an NR designation are not included in the table above.
Previous rating system definitions (until 30 Jun 2020):
BUY: The stock's total return over the next 12-18 months is expected to exceed the return of its relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below.
NEUTRAL: The stock's total return over the next 12-18 months is expected to be in line with the return of its relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below. For purposes
only of FINRA/NYSE ratings distribution rules, our Neutral rating falls into a hold rating category.
SELL: The stock's total return over the next 12-18 months is expected to be below the return of its relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below.
Benchmarks for each stock's listed region are as follows: Japan – TOPIX, Korea – KOSPI, Taiwan – TAIEX, India – Nifty100; for all other China-concept stocks – MSCI China.
海通国际非评级研究: 海通国际发布计量、筛选或短篇报告、并在报告中根据估值和其他指标对股票进行排名，或者基于可能的估值倍数提出建议价格。这种排名或建议价格并非为
Haitong International Non-Rated Research: Haitong International publishes quantitative, screening or short reports which may rank stocks according to valuation and other metrics or may suggest
prices based on possible valuation multiples. Such rankings or suggested prices do not purport to be stock ratings or target prices or fundamental values and are for information only.
海通国际 A 股覆盖：海通国际可能会就沪港通及深港通的中国 A 股进行覆盖及评级。海通证券（600837.CH），海通国际于上海的母公司，也会于中国发布中国 A 股的研究报告。但
是，海通国际使用与海通证券不同的评级系统，所以海通国际与海通证券的中国 A 股评级可能有所不同。
Haitong International Coverage of A-Shares: Haitong International may cover and rate A-Shares that are subject to the Hong Kong Stock Connect scheme with Shanghai and Shenzhen. Haitong
Securities (HS; 600837 CH), the ultimate parent company of HTISG based in Shanghai, covers and publishes research on these same A-Shares for distribution in mainland China. However, the rating
system employed by HS differs from that used by HTI and as a result there may be a difference in the HTI and HS ratings for the same A-share stocks.
海通国际优质 100 A 股（Q100）指数：海通国际 Q100 指数是一个包括 100 支由海通证券覆盖的优质中国 A 股的计量产品。这些股票是通过基于质量的筛选过程，并结合对海通证券 A
股团队自下而上的研究。海通国际每季对 Q100 指数成分作出复审。
Haitong International Quality 100 A-share (Q100) Index: HTI's Q100 Index is a quant product that consists of 100 of the highest-quality A-shares under coverage at HS in Shanghai. These stocks are
carefully selected through a quality-based screening process in combination with a review of the HS A-share team's bottom-up research. The Q100 constituent companies are reviewed quarterly.
担保或保证此处任何数据的原创性，准确性和/或完整性，并明确表示不作出任何明示或默示的担保，包括可商售性和针对特定目的的适用性。该信息只能供阁下内部使用，不得以任
何形式复制或重新传播，并不得用作任何金融工具、产品或指数的基础或组成部分。此外，信息本质上不能用于判断购买或出售何种证券,或何时购买或出售该证券。即使已被告知可
能造成的损害, ESG 方均不承担与此处任何资料有关的任何错误或遗漏所引起的任何责任，也不对任何直接、间接、特殊、惩罚性、附带性或任何其他损害赔偿（包括利润损失）承担
任何责任。
MSCI ESG Disclaimer: Although Haitong International's information providers, including without limitation, MSCI ESG Research LLC and its affiliates (the "ESG Parties"), obtain information (the
"Information") from sources they consider reliable, none of the ESG Parties warrants or guarantees the originality, accuracy and/or completeness, of any data herein and expressly disclaim all express
or implied warranties, including those of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The Information may only be used for your internal use, may not be reproduced or redisseminated in
any form and may not be used as a basis for, or a component of, any financial instruments or products or indices. Further, none of the Information can in and of itself be used to determine which
securities to buy or sell or when to buy or sell them. None of the ESG Parties shall have any liability for any errors or omissions in connection with any data herein, or any liability for any direct,
indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including lost profits) even if notified of the possibility of such damages.
第一条 义利（FIN-ESG）数据系由盟浪可持续数字科技有限责任公司（以下简称“本公司”）基于合法取得的公开信息评估而成，本公司对信息的准确性及完整性不作任何保证。对公司
的评估结果仅供参考，并不构成对任何个人或机构投资建议，也不能作为任何个人或机构购买、出售或持有相关金融产品的依据。本公司不对任何个人或机构投资者因使用本数据表
述的评估结果造成的任何直接或间接损失负责。
第二条 盟浪并不因收到此评估数据而将收件人视为客户，收件人使用此数据时应根据自身实际情况作出自我独立判断。本数据所载内容反映的是盟浪在最初发布本数据日期当日的判
断，盟浪有权在不发出通知的情况下更新、修订与发出其他与本数据所载内容不一致或有不同结论的数据。除非另行说明，本数据（如财务业绩数据等）仅代表过往表现，过往的业
绩表现不作为日后回报的预测。
第三条 本数据版权归本公司所有，本公司依法保留各项权利。未经本公司事先书面许可授权，任何个人或机构不得将本数据中的评估结果用于任何营利性目的，不得对本数据进行修
改、复制、编译、汇编、再次编辑、改编、删减、缩写、节选、发行、出租、展览、表演、放映、广播、信息网络传播、摄制、增加图标及说明等，否则因此给盟浪或其他第三方造
成损失的，由用户承担相应的赔偿责任，盟浪不承担责任。
SusallWave FIN-ESG Data Service Disclaimer: Please read these terms and conditions below carefully and confirm your agreement and acceptance with these terms before using SusallWave FIN-
ESG Data Service.
FIN-ESG Data is produced by SusallWave Digital Technology Co., Ltd. (In short, SusallWave)'s assessment based on legal publicly accessible information. SusallWave shall not be responsible
for any accuracy and completeness of the information. The assessment result is for reference only. It is not for any investment advice for any individual or institution and not for basis of purchasing,
selling or holding any relative financial products. We will not be liable for any direct or indirect loss of any individual or institution as a result of using SusallWave FIN-ESG Data.
SusallWave do not consider recipients as customers for receiving these data. When using the data, recipients shall make your own independent judgment according to your practical individual
status. The contents of the data reflect the judgment of us only on the release day. We have right to update and amend the data and release other data that contains inconsistent contents or
different conclusions without notification. Unless expressly stated, the data (e.g., financial performance data) represents past performance only and the past performance cannot be viewed as the
prediction of future return.
The copyright of this data belongs to SusallWave, and we reserve all rights in accordance with the law. Without the prior written permission of our company, none of individual or institution
can use these data for any profitable purpose. Besides, none of individual or institution can take actions such as amendment, replication, translation, compilation, re-editing, adaption, deletion,
abbreviation, excerpts, issuance, rent, exhibition, performance, projection, broadcast, information network transmission, shooting, adding icons and instructions. If any loss of SusallWave or any
third-party is caused by those actions, users shall bear the corresponding compensation liability. SusallWave shall not be responsible for any loss.
If any term is not contained in this disclaimer but written in other agreements on our website (e.g. User Registration Protocol of SusallWave Website, User Service (including authentication)
Agreement of SusallWave Website, Privacy Policy of Susallwave Website), it should be executed according to other agreements. If there is any difference between this disclaim and other agreements,
this disclaimer shall be applied.
非印度证券的研究报告：本报告由海通国际证券集团有限公司（“HTISGI”）的全资附属公司海通国际研究有限公司（“HTIRI”）发行，该公司是根据香港证券及期货条例（第 571 章）持
有第 4 类受规管活动（就证券提供意见）的持牌法团。该研究报告在 HTISGL 的全资附属公司 Haitong International (Japan) K.K.（“HTUKK”）的协助下发行，HTUKK 是由日本关东财务局监
管为投资顾问。
印度证券的研究报告:本报告由从事证券交易、投资银行及证券分析及受 Securities and Exchange Board of India（“SEBI”）监管的 Haitong Securities India Private Limited（“HTSIPL”）所发
行，包括制作及发布涵盖 BSE Limited（“BSE”）和 National Stock Exchange of India Limited（“NSE”）上市公司（统称为「印度交易所」）的研究报告，HTSIPL 于 2016 年 12 月 22 日被收购
并成为海通国际证券集团有限公司("HTISG")的一部分。
所有研究报告均以海通国际为名作为全球品牌，经许可由海通国际证券股份有限公司及/或海通国际证券集团的其他成员在其司法管辖区发布。
声明或保证。本文件中所有观点均截至本报告日期，如有更改，恕不另行通知。本文件仅供参考使用。文件中提及的任何公司或其股票的说明并非意图展示完整的内容，本文件并非！
不应被解释为对证券买卖的明示或暗示地出价或征价。在某些司法管辖区，本文件中提及的证券可能无法进行买卖。如果投资产品以投资者本国货币以外的币种进行计价，则汇率变化
可能会对投资产生不利影响。过去的表现并不一定代表将来的结果。某些特定交易，包括设计金融衍生工具的，有产生重大风险的可能性，因此并不适合所有的投资者。您还应认识到
其他方面的专业顾问，以期在投资之前评估该项建议是否适合于您。若由于使用本文件所载的材料而产生任何直接或间接的损失，HTISG 及其董事、雇员或代理人对此均不承担任何责
HTISG 的销售员、交易员和其他专业人士均可向 HTISG 的相关客户和公司提供与本文件所述意见相反的口头或书面市场评论意见或交易策略。HTISG 可做出与本文件所述建议或意见不
一致的投资决策。但 HTIRL 没有义务来确保本文件的收件人了解到该等交易决定、思路或建议。
证券交易的第 2241 条规则之限制。
IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER
For research reports on non-Indian securities: The research report is issued by Haitong International Research Limited ("HTIRL"), a wholly owned subsidiary of Haitong International Securities Group
Limited ("HTISGL") and a licensed corporation to carry on Type 4 regulated activity (advising on securities) for the purpose of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong, with the
assistance of Haitong International (Japan) K.K. ("HTIJKK"), a wholly owned subsidiary of HTISGL and which is regulated as an Investment Adviser by the Kanto Finance Bureau of Japan.
For research reports on Indian securities: The research report is issued by Haitong Securities India Private Limited ("HSIPL"), an Indian company and a Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI")
registered Stock Broker, Merchant Banker and Research Analyst that, inter alia, produces and distributes research reports covering listed entities on the BSE Limited ("BSE") and the National Stock
December 2016.
All the research reports are globally branded under the name Haitong International and approved for distribution by Haitong International Securities Company Limited ("HTISCL") and/or any other
members within HTISG in their respective jurisdictions.
The information and opinions contained in this research report have been compiled or arrived at from sources believed to be reliable and in good faith but no representation or warranty, express or
implied, is made by HTIRL, HTISCL, HSIPL, HTIJKK or any other members within HTISG from which this research report may be received, as to their accuracy, completeness or correctness. All opinions
expressed herein are as of the date of this research report and are subject to change without notice. This research report is for information purpose only. Descriptions of any companies or their
securities mentioned herein are not intended to be complete and this research report is not, and should not be construed expressly or impliedly as, an offer to buy or sell securities. The securities
referred to in this research report may not be eligible for purchase or sale in some jurisdictions. If an investment product is denominated in a currency other than an investor's home currency, a
change in exchange rates may adversely affect the investment. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Certain transactions, including those involving derivatives, give rise to
substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. You should also bear in mind that recommendations in this research report are not tailor-made for you. The analyst has not taken into account
your unique financial circumstances, such as your financial situation and risk appetite. You must, therefore, analyze and should, where applicable, consult your own legal, tax, accounting, financial
and other professional advisers to evaluate whether the recommendations suits you before investment. Neither HTISG nor any of its directors, employees or agents accepts any liability whatsoever
for any direct or consequential loss arising from any use of the materials contained in this research report.
HTISG and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees, excluding the analysts responsible for the content of this document, will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal
in, and buy or sell, the securities or derivatives, if any, referred to in this research report. Sales, traders, and other professionals of HTISG may provide oral or written market commentary or trading
strategies to the relevant clients and the companies within HTISG that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research report. HTISG may make investment decisions that
are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research report. HTI is under no obligation to ensure that such other trading decisions, ideas or recommendations are brought
to the attention of any recipient of this research report.
with respect to Research.
restrictions on communications with companies that are the subject of the Research; public appearances; and trading securities by a research analyst.
分发和地区通知:
除非下文另有规定，否则任何希望讨论本报告或者就本项研究中讨论的任何证券进行任何交易的收件人均应联系其所在国家或地区的海通国际销售人员。
香港投资者的通知事项：海通国际证券股份有限公司(“HTISCL”)负责分发该研究报告，HTISCL 是在香港有权实施第 1 类受规管活动（从事证券交易）的持牌公司。该研究报告并不构成
《证券及期货条例》（香港法例第 571 章）（以下简称“SFO”）所界定的要约邀请，证券要约或公众要约。本研究报告仅提供给 SFO 所界定的“专业投资者”。本研究报告未经过证券及
期货事务监察委员会的审查，您不应仅根据本研究报告中所载的信息做出投资决定。本研究报告的收件人就研究报告中产生或与之相关的任何事宜请联系 HTISCL 销售人员。
美国投资者的通知事项：本研究报告由 HTIRL，HSIPL 或 HTIJKK 编写。 HTIRL，HSIPL，HTIJKK 以及任何非 HTISG 美国联营公司，均未在美国注册，因此不受美国关于研究报告编制和研
究分析人员独立性规定的约束，本研究报告提供给依照 1934 年“美国证券交易法”第 15a-6 条规定的豁免注册的「美国主要机构投资者」（“Major U.S. Institutional Investor”）和「机构投
资者」（"U.S. Institutional Investors"）。在向美国机构投资者分发研究报告时，Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc. （“HTI USA”）将对报告的内容负责。任何收到本研究报告的美国
351-6050。 HTI USA 是在美国于 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission（“SEC”）注册的经纪商，也是 Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.（“FINRA”）的成员。 HTIUSA 不负责编写
约束。有关非美国证券或相关金融工具的信息可能有限制。外国公司可能不受审计和汇报的标准以及与美国境内生效相符的监管要求。本研究报告中以美元以外的其他货币计价的任何
证券或相关金融工具的投资或收益的价值受汇率波动的影响，可能对该等证券或相关金融工具的价值或收入产生正面或负面影响。美国收件人的所有问询请联系：
Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc.
340 Madison Avenue, 12th Floor
DISTRIBUTION AND REGIONAL NOTICES
Except as otherwise indicated below, any Recipient wishing to discuss this research report or effect any transaction in any security discussed in HTI's research should contact the Haitong International
salesperson in their own country or region.
Notice to Hong Kong investors: The research report is distributed by Haitong International Securities Company Limited ("HTISCI"), which is a licensed corporation to carry on Type 1 regulated activity
(dealing in securities) in Hong Kong. This research report does not constitute a solicitation or an offer of securities or an invitation to the public within the meaning of the SFO. This research report
is only to be circulated to "Professional Investors" as defined in the SFO. This research report has not been reviewed by the Securities and Futures Commission. You should not make investment
decisions solely on the basis of the information contained in this research report. Recipients of this research report are to contact HTISCL salespersons in respect of any matters arising from, or in
connection with, the research report.
Notice to U.S. investors: As described above, this research report was prepared by HTIRL, HSIPL or HTIJKK. Neither HTIRL, HSIPL, HTIJKK, nor any of the non U.S. HTISG affiliates is registered in the
United States and, therefore, is not subject to U.S. rules regarding the preparation of research reports and the independence of research analysts. This research report is provided for distribution to
"major U.S. institutional investors" and "U.S. institutional investors" in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Rule 15a-6 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
When distributing research reports to "U.S. institutional investors," HTI USA will accept the responsibilities for the content of the reports. Any U.S. recipient of this research report wishing to effect
any transaction to buy or sell securities or related financial instruments based on the information provided in this research report should do so only through Haitong International Securities (USA)
Inc. ("HTI USA"), located at 340 Madison Avenue, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10173, USA; telephone (212) 351 6050. HTI USA is a broker-dealer registered in the U.S. with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. ("FINRA"). HTI USA is not responsible for the preparation of this research report nor for the
analysis contained therein. Under no circumstances should any U.S. recipient of this research report contact the analyst directly or effect any transaction to buy or sell securities or related financial
instruments directly through HSIPL, HTIRL or HTIJKK. The HSIPL, HTIRL or HTIJKK analyst(s) whose name appears in this research report is not registered or qualified as a research analyst with FINRA
and, therefore, may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 restrictions on communications with a subject company, public appearances and trading securities held by a research analyst account. Investing
in any non-U.S. securities or related financial instruments (including ADRs) discussed in this research report may present certain risks. The securities of non-U.S. issuers may not be registered with,
or be subject to U.S. regulations. Information on such non-U.S. securities or related financial instruments may be limited. Foreign companies may not be subject to audit and reporting standards
and regulatory requirements comparable to those in effect within the U.S. The value of any investment or income from any securities or related financial instruments discussed in this research
report denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars is subject to exchange rate fluctuations that may have a positive or adverse effect on the value of or income from such securities or related
financial instruments. All inquiries by U.S. recipients should be directed to:
Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc.
340 Madison Avenue, 12th Floor
中华人民共和国的通知事项:在中华人民共和国（下称“中国”，就本报告目的而言，不包括香港特别行政区、澳门特别行政区和台湾）只有根据适用的中国法律法规而收到该材料的人
员方可使用该材料。并且根据相关法律法规，该材料中的信息并不构成“在中国从事生产、经营活动”。本文件在中国并不构成相关证券的公共发售或认购。无论根据法律规定或其他任
何规定，在取得中国政府所有的批准或许可之前，任何法人或自然人均不得直接或间接地购买本材料中的任何证券或任何实益权益。接收本文件的人员须遵守上述限制性规定。
加拿大投资者的通知事项: 在任何情况下该等材料均不得被解释为在任何加拿大的司法管辖区内出售证券的要约或认购证券的要约邀请。本材料中所述证券在加拿大的任何要约或出
售行为均只能在豁免向有关加拿大证券监管机构提交招股说明书的前提下由 Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc. （“HTI USA”）予以实施，该公司是一家根据 National Instrument 31-
103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations（“NI 31-103”）的规定得到 「国际交易商豁免」（“International Dealer Exemption”）的交易商，位于艾伯塔
省、不列颠哥伦比亚省、安大略省和魁北克省。在加拿大，该等材料在任何情况下均不得被解释为任何证券的招股说明书、发行备忘录、广告或公开发行。加拿大的任何证券委员会或
类似的监管机构均未审查或以任何方式批准该等材料、其中所载的信息或所述证券的优点，任何与此相反的声明即属违法。在收到该等材料时，每个加拿大的收件人均将被视为属于
National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions 第 1.1 节或者 Securities Act (Ontario)第 73.3(1)节所规定的「认可投资者」（“Accredited Investor”），或者在适用情况下 National
Instrument 31-103 第 1.1 节所规定的「许可投资者」("Permitted Investor")。
新加坡投资者的通知事项：本研究报告由 Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“HTISSPL”) [公司注册编号 201311400G] 于新加坡提供，HTISSPL是符合《财务顾问法》（第
110 章）（“FAA”）定义的豁免财务顾问，可（a）提供关于证券，集体投资计划的部分，交易所衍生品合约和场外衍生品合约的建议（b）发行或公布有关证券、交易所衍生品合约和
场外衍生品合约的研究分析或研究报告。本研究报告仅提供给符合《证券及期货法》（第 289 章）第 4A 条项下规定的机构投资者。对于因本研究报告而产生的或与之相关的任何问
题,本研究报告的收件人应通过以下信息与 HTISSPL 联系:
Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte. Ltd
(1)条,第17-11(1)条的执行及相关条款)。
英国及欧盟投资者的通知事项；本报告由从事投资顾问的 Haitong International Securities Company Limited 所发布，本报告只面向有投资相关经验的专业客户发布。任何投资或与本报告
相关的投资行为只面对此类专业客户。没有投资经验或相关投资经验的客户不得依赖本报告。Haitong International Securities Company Limited 的分支机构的净长期或短期金融权益可能
超过本研究报告中提及的实体已发行股本总额的 0.5%。特别提醒有些英文报告有可能此前已经通过中文或其它语言完成发布。
澳大利亚投资者的通知事项： Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd, Haitong International Securities Company Limited 和 Haitong International Securities (UK) Limited 分别根据澳
大利亚证券和投资委员会（以下简称“ASIC”）公司（废除及过度性）文书第 2016/396 号规章在澳大利亚分发本项研究，该等规章免除了根据 2001 年《公司法》在澳大利亚为批发客户
等法律与在澳大利亚所适用的法律存在差异。
印度投资者的通知事项：本报告由从事证券交易、投资银行及证券分析及受 Securities and Exchange Board of India（“SEBI”）监管的 Haitong Securities India Private Limited（“HTSIPL”）所
发布，包括制作及发布涵盖 BSE Limited（“BSE”）和 National Stock Exchange of India Limited（“NSE”）（统称为 「印度交易所」 ）研究报告。
本项研究仅供收件人使用，未经海通国际的书面同意不得予以复制和再次分发。
版权所有:海通国际证券集团有限公司 2019年。保留所有权利。
People's Republic of China (PRC): In the PRC, the research report is directed for the sole use of those who receive the research report in accordance with the applicable PRC laws and regulations.
Further, the information on the research report does not constitute "production and business activities in the PRC" under relevant PRC laws. This research report does not constitute a public offer
of the security, whether by sale or subscription, in the PRC. Further, no legal or natural persons of the PRC may directly or indirectly purchase any of the security or any beneficial interest therein
without obtaining all prior PRC government approvals or licenses that are required, whether statutorily or otherwise. Persons who come into possession of this research are required to observe
these restrictions.
Notice to Canadian Investors: Under no circumstances is this research report to be construed as an offer to sell securities or as a solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any jurisdiction of Canada.
Any offer or sale of the securities described herein in Canada will be made only under an exemption from the requirements to file a prospectus with the relevant Canadian securities regulators and
only by Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc., a dealer relying on the "international dealer exemption" under National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing
Registrant Obligations ("NI 31-103") in Alberta, British Columbia, Ontario and Quebec. This research report is not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, a prospectus, an offering
memorandum, an advertisement or a public offering of any securities in Canada. No securities commission or similar regulatory authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed upon this
research report, the information contained herein or the merits of the securities described herein and any representation to the contrary is an offence. Upon receipt of this research report, each
Canadian recipient will be deemed to have represented that the investor is an "accredited investor" as such term is defined in section 1.1 of National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or,
in Ontario, in section 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), as applicable, and a "permitted client" as such term is defined in section 1.1 of NI 31-103, respectively.
Notice to Singapore investors: This research report is provided in Singapore by or through Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd ("HTISSPL") [Co Reg No 201311400G. HTISSPL is an
Exempt Financial Adviser under the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) ("FAA") to (a) advise on securities, units in a collective investment scheme, exchange-traded derivatives contracts and over-the-
counter derivatives contracts and (b) issue or promulgate research analyses or research reports on securities, exchange-traded derivatives contracts and over-the-counter derivatives contracts. This
research report is only provided to institutional investors, within the meaning of Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289). Recipients of this research report are to contact HTISSPL via
the details below in respect of any matters arising from, or in connection with, the research report:
Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
Notice to Japanese investors: This research report is distributed by Haitong International Securities Company Limited and intended to be distributed to Financial Services Providers or Registered
Financial Institutions engaged in investment management (as defined in the Japan Financial Instruments and Exchange Act ("FIEL") Art. 61(1), Order for Enforcement of FIEL Art. 17-11(1), and related
articles).
Notice to UK and European Union investors: This research report is distributed by Haitong International Securities Company Limited. This research is directed at persons having professional
experience in matters relating to investments. Any investment or investment activity to which this research relates is available only to such persons or will be engaged in only with such persons.
Persons who do not have professional experience in matters relating to investments should not rely on this research. Haitong International Securities Company Limited's affiliates may have a net
long or short financial interest in excess of 0.5% of the total issued share capital of the entities mentioned in this research report. Please be aware that any report in English may have been published
previously in Chinese or another language.
Notice to Australian investors: The research report is distributed in Australia by Haitong International Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd, Haitong International Securities Company Limited, and Haitong
International Securities (UK) Limited in reliance on ASIC Corporations (Repeal and Transitional) Instrument 2016/396, which exempts those HTISG entities from the requirement to hold an Australian
financial services license under the Corporations Act 2001 in respect of the financial services it provides to wholesale clients in Australia. A copy of the ASIC Class Orders may be obtained at the
International Securities (UK) Limited are regulated under foreign laws and regulatory requirements, which are different from the laws applying in Australia.
Notice to Indian investors: The research report is distributed by Haitong Securities India Private Limited ("HSIPL"), an Indian company and a Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI") registered
Stock Broker, Merchant Banker and Research Analyst that, inter alia, produces and distributes research reports covering listed entities on the BSE Limited ("BSE") and the National Stock Exchange of
India Limited ("NSE") (collectively referred to as "Indian Exchanges").
This research report is intended for the recipients only and may not be reproduced or redistributed without the written consent of an authorized signatory of HTISG.
Copyright: Haitong International Securities Group Limited 2019. All rights reserved.
Zijin Mining Group - 601899 CH
1. 4 May 2020 OUTPERFORM at 3.92 target 4.76.
8 Jun 2020 OUTPERFORM at 3.82 target 4.76.
3. 12 Jun 2020 OUTPERFORM at 3.82 target 4.76.
4. 26 Aug 2020 OUTPERFORM at 6.2 target 7.0.
5. 21 Oct 2020 OUTPERFORM at 6.68 target 7.0.
6. 14 Dec 2020 OUTPERFORM at 8.43 target 11.2.
7. 1 Feb 2021 OUTPERFORM at 9.6 target 12.3.
8. 22 Mar 2021 OUTPERFORM at 10.83 target 14.28.
9. 12 Apr 2021 OUTPERFORM at 10.29 target 14.28.
10. 19 Apr 2021 OUTPERFORM at 9.68 target 14.28.
11. 5 Jul 2021 OUTPERFORM at 9.84 target 14.88.
12. 1 Aug 2021 OUTPERFORM at 10.25 target 14.88.
13. 11 Oct 2021 OUTPERFORM at 10.25 target 14.88.
14. 18 Oct 2021 OUTPERFORM at 11.05 target 14.88.
15. 21 Mar 2022 OUTPERFORM at 10.63 target 16.8.
16. 12 Apr 2022 OUTPERFORM at 11.68 target 19.8.
Source: Company data Bloomberg, HTI estimates