Heung Swe Medicine (600276) Medicine Biochemistry has developed new varieties to accelerate innovation internationalization and South-West Securities Research and Development Center.
Incident: The company submitted and accepted a request for an international multi-centre clinical trial for the fluorothyrespanic capsules to the Food and Drug Regulatory Authority (fda) on 21 January 2021, United States time, and has now been granted the national multi-centre clinical test qualification and will be conducting the related clinical trial in the near future.
The international multi-centre clinical program is: thorium, pari and acetic acetic acetic acetoxin and pponyson, combined porcelain, first-line treatment; multi-centre, random, bi-blind, discomfort-compressive prostate cancer patients.
Research. Fluorine Palli is the next major objective of the company, which is expected to have internationalized R & D and sales.
The company is a domestic innovation leader, with more than 40 products under study, and more high-quality innovations will be internationalized and accelerated to become the world’s leading pharmaceutical company. Fluorine Pali is a promising, multi-adaptive, pending approval.
Polymeric enzyme (parp) inhibitor, mutated tumor cells in brca. In December 2020, thorium Pali was approved for sale in the country for the treatment of embryonic bca mutation-sensitive relapsel ovarian cancers, tubal cancers or primary peritoneal cancers: its single drug or
Unite Apadeni for the treatment of ovarian, breast and pancreatic cancer is in the iii phase of clinical research and is expected to be approved within 2 years; there are a number of other joint treatment programmes, including joint treatment with Abitron, joint treatment of multiple entity tumours with pd-l1 antibodies shr-1316, and co-treatment with Molymphetamine, are in clinical development
The same products as olaparib, rucaparib, niraparib and talazoparib are currently marketed in the United States, and olaparab (commodity name Lipdra) and niraparib (commodity rejoicing) from re-medication medicines are marketed in the country.
Global sales of preparations are estimated at $1.36 billion and are projected to exceed $2 billion by 2020. Parp inhibitors have good clinical applications in ovarian cancer, gbrca mutation of her 2-negative late breast cancer, and are expected to expand to other entities with other drugs; hence, chlorazole Pali has extensive clinical applications.
Heung Swe Medicine (600276): cdk46iii Efficiencies. The company has entered a new development cycle and continues to push companies from traditional generics to innovative pharmaceutical strategies.
The breast cancer line will meet the new heavy-pound product 2. Heung Swe medicine (600276) and the new-need properties will be maintained to create a rapid recovery in growth driven by new growth (2020-10-20)
4. Heung Swe Medicines (600276): The short-term impact of the epidemic is unchanged 5. Heung Swe Medicines (600276): innovation has become a core driver
R & D inputs are highly innovative (2020-03-23) and will not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for specific recommendations or views in this report. Southwest Securities Co. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “MSC”) has qualifications in portfolio investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.
The company and the author, to the extent that they know about it, do not have laws or regulations requiring disclosure or imposing restrictions or silences on securities evaluated or recommended in this report.