The Center for Research on Innovation Technology and Business Services buys a share of Will's (603501.sh) and buys a good track for Howie Bub, co-founding the best in the country.
The semiconductor design firm cis is the core device of the camera module and has the highest value.
The video module has a high value ratio of 52 per cent of the cis chip, and the cis imaging effect is determined by three factors: pixels, cis dimensions, pixel dimensions (pixelsize) and three elements echo each other, which also leads to a selection of cis specifications.
The chis industry as a whole will grow at a high rate, with mobile phones contributing the most, and cars growing the fastest. In 2018, Chis has an overall market space of about $15.5 billion, and is expected to grow to $24 billion by 2024, with mobile phone demand still contributing about 85% of the increase in demand.
1. " Equity incentive amortization costs affect year-round performance, luxury: 1 from double to three to four, the number of cameras is increasing, while the average number of cameras for the overall cell phone has increased from 2.6 in 2018 to nearly 3.6 by the end of 2021; 2 cameras
As the need for image perception increases, cars will be the fastest growing downstream in less than three years, and the combined increase in 2019-2021 will be high.
Well + Howe – an experience in design – highlights the synergies. Howie’s excellent design skills and experience help the Weir design team to shorten the learning curve.
Howell technology will fully benefit from the growth and replacement of the Chis industry. Howie will fully benefit from the industry’s growth and replacement of national production.
In the context of the trade war, the share of national production is expected to increase. Van Bintai, 2.83, 3.64 dollars. Refer to comparable corporate valuations, taking into account the growth of the trade in Howecis and national production.
Risk: Downstream demand is less than expected: acquisition is less integrated than expected: the winds of increased competition I. The cis industry: industry volumes are up, mobile phones and cars are the main drivers (i) cis is the core device of the camera module and technology is constantly upgraded
cis is the core device of the camera module and has the highest-value cis (cmos image sensor, cmosimagesensor) is the core of the camera module.
An external filter, image sensors (cis), pcb panels, etc., is made up of physical components. The cis is the core device of the camera module, the light is imaged on the cis via the camera, the cis converts the light signal into an electrical signal, and the image sensor, the cis chip, is currently used on the cell phone with cnos technology.
The cis chip has the highest value in the camera module, more than half the value. The cis chip is the core component that affects the photo effect of the camera module. According to the Trendforce, the cis chip is up to 52% of the cis chip, followed by 20% of the optic mirror.
The headlines are 16%. The motors are 6% and the infrared filters are 3%. Chart 2: The market size of the various segments of the camera (2016) cis imaging effects are determined by the factors of pixels, cis dimensions, and pixel sizes (pixelsize).
Pixels, cis-sized (real sense pixel layer area), pixel-sized (pixelsize) are cis  pixels, which are the basic sub-blocks divided by pixel specifications: e.g. 12 million pixels, cis is made up of 12 million pixels, and each pixel can be lighted on its own.
The size of the cis determines the overall sense of the cis, and the length of the angular line is the basis for the measurement of the size in inches. The larger the size of the sis, the greater the ability to collect the light, the better the image quality. the size of the pixels (pixelsize) is the size of the pixels, in millimeters, in millimeters.
The larger the inch, the larger the sense area, the greater the sensitivity. The cis imaging quality is not entirely determined by a single pixel, the cis size and the pixel size (pixelsize) are all key, and these three elements interact with each other and lead to a selective selection of the cis specifications, which are three factors.
Specifically: pixels must be larger in size and better in quality. Pixels determine the quality of image resolution, if the resolution is fixed, e.g. 12 million pixels, when the cis is large, relative pixel
However, given the need for lightening cell phones, there are limits to the final cis-size option. cis sizes, higher pixels can improve resolution, but there is a need to narrow the pixelsize.
You need to sacrifice the ability to sense pixels. Due to the limited space available for internal components of the cell phone, you are elected. In the case of cis, in order to pursue high resolution images, the size of the pixels is reduced to increase the density of the pixels as a whole, but this requires sacrificing the ability to sense pixels at a unit, not in the light.
When the size of the paint is fixed, the size of the sketches increases, and the size of the cis increases equally. The size of the cis increases the sensitivity, the quality of the image increases, and the pre-optic lenses need to be matched.
Large, it will eventually be reflected in the costs of the cis and optical lenses. Stacked cis (stackedcis) performance is excellent. The cis chip has undergone a backsi replacement (bsi) technology upgrade of the presi (bsi) backscuff (bsi) stackedbsi) and stacking (stackedbsi)
(stackedcis) can increase the size of the pixel layer in the sensor unit. In the traditional program, the pixel layer accounts for 60% of the surface of the chip, and by using stacking technology, the pixel layer increases to 90%. As the pixel layer rises, the size of the microchip physical size required to achieve the same image quality can be significantly reduced.
The combination of stacks and tripods is driving new functions, such as ultra-slow movements and 3d senses.
Pixels as a whole have been upgraded. In the last 20 years, smartphone photography has been increasing, camera functionality has become an important reference indicator for consumers to choose to buy their phones, mobile phones have been growing in camera pixels, and, in 2000, Sharp published the first camera cell phone in the world, with an image sensor using 110,000 pixels cmos.
So far, the three-star cell phone has a maximum of 64 million pixels. The cis product has two directions: direction one: the number of pixel points is increasing, the size of small pixels, the trend of high resolution.
The number of cell phones representing the Cis pixels is increasing, with p20pro carrying 40 million sony pixels imx 600cis, red-monote8pro picking three-star model gw1cis, up to 64 million pixels, and millet predicting the launch of a cell phone with up to 108 million pixels.
In 2011, the iphone4s camera was first raised to 8 million pixels, four years later, and four years later, in 2015.
The iPhone6s were further upgraded to 12 million pixels until 2019, when the iPhone lens was still using 12 million pixels.
The cis market is currently dominated by Sony, Samsung, and Howie. With regard to the cis ecosystem, it is now dominated by three Asian weight companies: Sony, Samsung, and Howie. And the stmicroectronics are mainly in the European market, and the United States has been at the top of the field.
Semi focused on the automobile and industrial markets, while Teledyne focused on the industrial and medical markets. The first three of the cis markets accounted for more than 70 per cent of the share. According to yole, the distribution of Sony, Samsung, Howie was 42 per cent, 20 per cent, and 10 per cent of the global market share.
The cis chip is divided into three modes: idm, fabless, fab-lite. 1idm is the model from design to manufacture to encapsulation integration, with Sony, Samsung, Hercules; 2tables are the design, with Howie, Gkowa; 3fab-lite is the part of the idm that retains the most core.
Heart or best at chip-type production, continuing to maintain the idm model, and handing over another part of the relative non-core or less competitive chip-type to the faundry manufacturer, currently represented by onsemi, st; 4 faundry is a pure cis-substance, with a power supply in eastern Korea, with a middle core international generation.
Figure 9: The Chis chip industrial chain (2016) Sony, Samsung, and power generation account for the main production capacity of the Chis. In terms of output distribution, Sony ' s share is as high as 38%, Tristar ' s share is the second highest, and Power supply is the third highest at 16%.
In terms of structure, 12 inches (300 mm) are the mainstream. (ii) The industry as a whole is growing high, mobile phones are contributing the most, and the car sector as a whole will grow at the highest rate. In 2018, the market space for Chis as a whole will be about $15.5 billion.
With the upgrading of smartphones and the modest growth of new applications, such as cars, it is expected to grow by 2024, and in the light of past market space forecasts for Cis, it is expected that the downstream demand, such as the upgrading of cellular cameras, will continue to rise.
Smart phones now account for most of the market and will contribute to major growth in the next few years. From downstream applications, smartphone applications accounted for 80% of global sales in 2018, and smartphones accounted for as much as 67% of income.
Automobile demand increases the most rapidly, but mobile phones will continue to contribute to the growth of the main market space. In the next three years, as car intelligence increases and the need for image perception increases, cars will be the fastest growing downstream in the next three years, with a combined increase of up to 20% in 2019-2021.
Demand continues to contribute about 85% of the increase in the demand for chis. (iii) Mobile phone market: Increased use of cameras + product upgrading. Smart phones will be the main driving force of the chis market in the coming years for two reasons:
From double to three to four, the number of cameras is increasing; the number of cameras is increasing. (1) The number of cellular cameras is increasing by three to four. According to idc, since q4 in 2018, the number of cameras has increased by three.
The rate rose rapidly, and since 2019q2, four shots had accelerated penetration, reaching 1.9 per cent, while three shots had a penetration rate of 13 per cent in 2019q2. We counted three and four cell phones released between January and September 2019, with an increasing share of three and four, of which China was the most active at three and four.
The number of single-phone cameras is expected to increase, but the average number of cellular cameras will be close to 3.6 by 2021, and the number of high-end flag ships is expected to increase to 8-9. According to Yole, the high-end flagship cell phone phase is projected to increase the number of single-camera cameras to 8-9 by 2023, while the overall cell phone level is projected to increase to 8-9 by 2023.
The average number of cameras will increase from 2.6 in 2018 to nearly 3.6 by the end of 2021.
(2) The upgrading of cameras has led to an upgrade of the asp and the upgrading of the mobile cameras. The technology of the Cis Dragon Factory, represented by Sony, Samsung, Howie, has been upgraded over the past few years, not only for pixels, from the earliest 8m/16m to 48m/64m, but also for stacking.
The new number issued by the main oem manufacturer in September, with more than half of the mobile phones using 40/48m, 48m, Figure 22: Mobile Pixel Statistics released in January-September 2019 (with the highest-level camera being later statistically based Increased number of camera singles, and the upgrading of the camera's product, is driven by cellular cis chip
The number of cameras in each cell phone is increasing, while the number of cameras in the cell phone is constantly increasing, and not only will the cis chip in the cell phone be increasing, but it is expected to return to the asp in 2017-2024 (iv) the car: the second largest increase in the cis market.
The use of cameras in cars is widespread, with adas (a senior driver support system), safety, decision-making and recreational applications leading to an increase in the number of cameras installed per vehicle. Previously, for example, cameras were installed. Applications based on front cameras included a warning for collisions, deviations from lanes, automatic remote light control, traffic signs.
Identified, pedestrian testing, self-adapted to cruise control and night vision. Chart 24: Image sensor applications in cars.
Like head-to-head visualization of backcars and front-to-back cameras to perform CarLog functions. With fast-growing capabilities such as car connectivity, intelligent full-scope imaging, circuit detection, barrier detection, collision protection, auto-drive, etc., the electronics market is growing, with adas (advanced driving support systems) growing the fastest.
In 2016, the global electronics market was $116 billion, projected to reach $16.2 billion in 2022, with an annual compound growth rate of 20.27 per cent.
as: Promotes the loading of five to eight, or even more, bicycle cameras. The adas are used to collect, identify, analyse the surrounding driving environment and help the driver make his judgement using a variety of sensors installed in the vehicle (mm-wave radar, laser radar, single- and two-sighted cameras, and star navigation).
The most important sensors of adas, as the penetration of adas rises, car cameras for car electrons will increase rapidly. According to yole projections, by 2021, the number of car cameras will be more than 350 million, with about 3.5 cameras per car. Some cars will need more than 10 cameras.
The car chip market will also grow at a pace. As the number of car cameras increases, the car chip will rise at a time when yole predicts that the global car chip market will grow.
The 2015 figure of $537 million rose to $1,874 million in 2021, with an annual compound increase of up to 23 per cent. Competition patterns: onsemi (aptina) and Howie are at the top. Sony and Howie now have an absolute advantage in the car cis market, with Onsemi accounting for 44 per cent of the world's share and Howie 25 per cent of the world's share.
Well, we think that the position of Ensemi and Howie in the car market will continue to be strong, because the car market has different requirements for chip reliability from mobile phones, and the barriers to entry are high, and it's easier for manufacturers like Sony to copy from smartphones to automobiles.
II. Weir shares: acquisition of Howieb-based opticals, synergizing the creation of a first-class semiconductor in the country: (i) acquisition of Beijing Howie and Spico into the cis market, with significant synergizing effects.
The purchase of 85.53 per cent of Beijing Haoway, 42.27 per cent of Spico and 79.93 per cent of the perceived sources of ownership have been cut off from the announcement of 2 August, combining other transactions with the company ' s final ownership of 100 per cent of Hao Weiwei, the domestic leader of Spico Vicis, the low-end market of Spicocis.
Each of the acquisition targets gives a commitment to performance over the next three years. The commitment of the pledge holders of the merger to performance is that the withholding of non-net gains in Beijing in 2019, 2020 and 2021 will be no less than 599 million yuan, 885 million Will (local market advantage) and Howe (ic design experience), respectively.
Will is one of the most successful overseas M&As in China’s semiconductor field, and one of the most value-added ones. The two, Howie’s excellent design skills and experience help Weir’s design team to shorten the learning curve. Howie has more than 20 years of design experience and is already leading the world.
*Were's customer resources and distribution networks help promote Howell's products.
We're tired, we're in the mainstream of mobile phone manufacturers, and we're in the middle of the country, and we're in the middle of a odm factory. We're all connected to cars, big and small. We can speed up Howie's growth in the domestic market for mobile phones, cars, etc. through Howie's brand supply experience.
(ii) Howe-Technology: fully benefiting from the growth of the chis industry and substitution of national production (1) Beijing Howe: third leader of the global chis, with a technological expectation of a new peak of 48 m. Howe-Woe, Beijing, was established in 2015 to focus on the design and production of cios image sensor equipment
In 2016, Howie was formerly a company listed by NASDAQ in the United States, which was privatized by the Chinese consortium with $1.9 billion as a fully owned subsidiary in Beijing. The company is mainly involved in the design, production, and sale of cmos image sensor equipment, and its products are widely used in mobile phones, automobiles, security, medical treatment, and material networking applications.
Beijing Howie: He was the world’s leader, now the third largest chis chip-capables. Prior to 2011, Howie in Beijing owned nearly 50% of the market share of the Chis image sensor industry.
Until 2011, Howie was the global cis leader and entered Apple's product supply chain with high-quality products. But in 2011, Sony won Apple's orders with higher-quality products, which became Howie.
Although Howie turned to the Chinese market for delivery, there was a small increase in revenue in 2012, but there has never been a significant increase since. High-end markets competed against Sony, losing their share of staples.
Research and development inputs and strengths, and high-end research and development are breaking through. Back-up cis was launched in 2011, stacked cis in 2014, and a pixel leap from 5 m to 48m, from 1.4m to 0.8um was successfully made, with the favor of the major mainstream mobile operators, to access the flagship aircraft.
And howell failed to make a breakthrough, gradually losing his high-end market share. And in the market, he fell behind Sony and Samsung, third. Howie broke through 48m and returned to the main field.
The high-pixel cameras used by the company's operators are almost monopolized by Sony and Samsung, and howell's products can only be used for sub-cams with lower requirements for pixels. After Howie breaks 48m, we think howie will return to the main camera.
As the pixel point shrinks closer to the limit, the gap between Howie and Sony and Samsung production processes will shrink. As the process evolves, the pixel point has now been reduced to 0.8um, and 0.7um is already infrared wavelengths, and less than 0.7um may cause infrared information to be denied, and with this process progressing,
In 2018, the Haoway mobile business in Beijing received $5,022 million, or 57.81%. Of this, the security plate is open.
With 1,463 million yuan, or 16.84 per cent; 1,179 million yuan, or more than 95 per cent of the revenue of car plates, by product. In 2018, howell technology earned 95 per cent of its income from the cis chip, while 5 per cent of its revenue came from other products, including crystal-cylinder camera modules.
(cameracubechip), silicon-based LCD (lcos) monitors, asic (associated with image processing) and (2) sub-areas leading, fully enjoying the industrial growth dividend Howe is global third in cis, global second in automobile markets, global third in security markets.
Third in the global market for cis (cmos image sensors) with a share of about 15-16 per cent and an income share of 10-11 per cent, Howie is the 25 per cent of the car cis market, after the 44 per cent share of anonsemi;
In the area of security, howell's share is the third highest, with Sony's share being 28% and Samsung's share being 18%. Well (Howie) has the highest share of business and mobile market revenue still has room for improvement.
At the same time, only 65% of cellular services in the cis business are in Beowi, down from Sony and Samsung in the top two, and there is still much room for improvement in the cellular market. Chapter I of this paper contains an analysis of the high growth of the cis industry as a whole, the largest contribution of mobile phones, and the fastest growth of cars.
Howie's in the top three of the industry, with his entire cis, cell phone, car, and security, will have full access to the industry's growth, and the company's 48-m product will be released in a variety of areas, including mobile phones and cars. Howie launched his first 32-m0.8-millimeter chip in February 2019, and launched in June 2019.
Its first 48-m cis chip, which the company has now delivered to two top Chinese smartphone Oem producers, 48-msis. (3) In the context of the trade war, accelerated national production substitution is expected to continue to increase.
Domestic cis chips are not well supplied, and domestic production rates are low. At present, only 29% of the domestic cis fields are supplied with national product plates, and more than 70% are imported overseas, with large supply and demand gaps.
Howell's technology, as a global leader, a domestic leader, is a Cis manufacturer, especially after the company's 48-m product break-up, is expected to take advantage of the local manufacturer's advantage and produce a sufficient number of alternatives from beneficiary countries. Not only is it expected to expand market shares at cell phones like hovm, but also at cars, security, industry, etc.
The share of other areas will also rise rapidly. (4) The Fables model has the advantage of increasing cooperation to guarantee surrogate capacity. Since 2013, the share of the cis field Idm model has increased, and the share of the idm model has been reduced.
In 2013, 70.6% went up to 82.7% in 2018, mainly because of the advantages of idm: on the one hand, the idm model is vertically integrated and design and manufacturing is parallel and more efficient; on the other hand, the idm technology is the fastest to put state-of-the-art technology into production.
The Fabless model has its advantages, and Sony has some of the advantages of outsourcing it to a power replacement. The Fables model also has its advantages, and the differences between the idm and the Fables are not so bad. From the perspective of the Fables, the advantage is that it is not limited to a single crystal-crystal plant, where flexible decisions have best process and value for money.
The plant meets the demand, while, due to the high demand for a full-scale jobabless, the guaranteed surrogate capacity, the ability to maintain a good relationship with the plant, and the ability to produce. So, the Howie's workables model has its advantages, and Sony's name is pure idm and, in fact, the stackedisp figure at the top of the scale.
To secure product specifications and production capacity, Howe has been working more closely with Chinese plants such as China Cholel International. Currently, power generation is mostly high-end.
In addition to safeguarding their own production capacity, Kijida’s collaboration with Chinese manufacturers can help some domestic sub-plants to improve their production efficiency. (iii) Sbico: Focus on low- and middle-level markets in the cis sector.
Spico has been working on integrated circuit design since its inception. The company focuses on the development of mobile Internets, object networks, special equipment in the field of smart phones, tablet computers, wearable devices, security surveillance, smart cars, drones, robot visions, medical images, physical interaction games, etc.
Image sensor design and overall solution development and marketing. In addition to cos image sensors, companies have made some innovations in fingerprint recognition, iris recognition, medical imagery, mapping, etc.
Companies are involved in chip design and encapsulation testing. Unlike the traditional Fables model, Spico retains a post-envelope product testing component, mainly because of the relative complexity of the image sensor tests compared to other electronic components, and performance indicators and parameters are not the only test criteria for product eligibility.
Spico, considering the combination of costs and so on, retains the test segment, with Tookhisbico taking responsibility for the lower- and middle-end market of the product’s products. The company’s main product is concentrated in mid- and lower-end products ranging from 80,000 pixels to 8 million pixels, and the product is more competitive.
The revenue growth rate of 0.25 per cent was mainly due to the firm's location in the middle- and low-end cmos image sensor market, which was highly competitive, and the fall in corporate revenue as a result of price reduction strategies by competitors in the industry; and the company's continued decline in product prices in the first eight months of 2018, which did not increase significantly, while it was upstream after August.
The combined effects of production capacity constraints and rising downstream demand, a more pronounced upward trend in prices for similar products in the market, and a favourable adjustment in prices by companies, led to a business income growth of between $32.61 and $610 million in 2018.
Wie and Spico's clients are concentrated in mobile communications, tablet computers, security, car electronics, etc. The end-user overlaps are high. Meanwhile, two companies in Beijing, Howie and Spico, cover high-, medium- and low-end markets in the field of cis.
In addition, Weir shares will maximize synergies between listed companies and target companies through business integration and division of labour. Listed companies will gain new performance gains.
(iv) The long-term point where the quality of assets, the scale of operations and profitability will be enhanced. (iv) Welle traditional operations: design + distribution of two-wheel-drive operations of the former Weir major stock camp were designed for the development of semiconductor devices and distribution of semiconductor products.
Launched in 2007 by two experienced engineers from the industry, the Weir shares have since been dedicated to the design and distribution of semiconductor products, and have evolved over a decade to become a leading semiconductor designer and distributor in the country. • The company focuses on the development and development of semiconductor semiconductor products, such as semiconductor separation devices and power management.
The semiconductor products designed for R & D are predominantly separation devices (including tvs, mosfet, Shortki diodes, etc.), power management ic (including ldo, dc-dc, led backlight drive, switch, etc.), live chip and radio frequency chips. Companies have accumulated the technological advantage of leading the industry in a variety of products.
Products can be widely used in consumer-type electronics, security, network communications, automobiles, industry, etc. Products distributed by companies include electronic components (including resists, capacitors, electrons, crystals, plugs, connectors, etc.), structure devices, separate devices, ic, display models, etc.
Typical technology semiconductor authorized distributors are closely linked to the original plant. Based on an understanding and analysis of semiconductor elemental performance and downstream electronic products, companies offer a variety of products to their clients Application advice, programme design support, assistance to their clients in reducing R & D costs to enable them to invest in themselves.
Focusing on the production and marketing of electronics while also better understanding the needs of customers, thus enabling products developed under a company's R & D design business to respond quickly to market demand
The company effectively integrates semiconductor design and distribution operations in its business model and achieves synergy between the two operations. The company's design is based on the advantages of the company's distribution channels, using the customers analysed by the distribution system.
Demand information, targeted products that meet customer needs, and market information on the direction of corporate research and development. At the same time, a company’s distribution business, based on the technical advantages accumulated by the design business, can provide better solutions for downstream customers and guarantee a company’s competitive advantage in the distribution business market.
Figure 50: Breakdown of income from the 2018 main battalion 1. Distribution operations: The distribution business of Well has a wide range of products, including non-sourced devices, separateics, radio frequency filters, etc., for the past three years, the main clients have been the giant, lite-on, pine-down, etc.
Having benefited from the higher prices of passive components such as mlcc, the high growth of the company ' s business, the sharper decline in 2019 from a weak downstream demand base and last year ' s high base, we expect to follow a 2-ic design business: the company ' s design product is divided into five categories: tvs (sigmatic voltage suppressors).
pmic (power managementic), mosfet (metal oxide semiconductor system transistors), rf (radio frequency), satellite chips and sbd (Shotge base-base diode). The corporate design industry is small, but the national production replacement space is huge and will accelerate growth in the tide of national production.
▪ Howell's Technology Profit Forecast 1, the increase in the number of cameras in mobile phones, and the rising penetration rates of 48 m and 64 m, leading to a rapid growth in corporate cis operations. In particular, by 2020, more than 48 m and 64 m will be produced
Paper, at the same time, 64m products are more expensive. The introduction of 48m and 64m products has led to higher incomes and higher profitability for the company ' s products above 32m. Products under 2, 3m and less have been partially replaced by high-end products, resulting in one share of this income.
3. Non-mobile-type products are mainly security, automobiles, etc., and are expected to grow steadily over the next few years as a result of changes in industry relative to mobile phones. Spico’s business is judged to be growing steadily in the future, with a steady increase in the Māori rate.
Comparable company valuations (eps reference wind consistency expectations) create downstream demand less than expected risk: smartphone sales decline, multiple camera penetration is less than expected, and car safety needs are less than expected to affect the company ' s sales earnings and profitability.
The risks of increased competition: increased competition for corporate products will lead to price fluctuations and changes in shares.
Technology iterative risk: If technology changes are significant and companies fail to keep up with them in a timely manner, it will bring wind.
score, then averaged the final rating, as average market investment