3x50.sz 3x10: The Department's traditional business performance is stable, and there's no room for business.
On October 20, the company published the Tri-quarters 2017, the company realized business income in January-September 2017, and the company's future performance became two-wheel-drive.
The company ' s performance in the first three quarters of 2017 was largely in line with expectations, achieving operating income of $7,190 million, an increase of 23.50 per cent over the same period, and three-flash zeroes, which began on 2 September and was reported to have slowed down in comparison with the rate of increase, mainly due to the slowness of household electricity operations compared to the rate of increase in the previous three quarters.
The increase of about 1 per cent over the reported increase is mainly due to higher exchange rate losses, resulting in higher financial costs on a par with higher market shares for the company's main valves, sustained growth in the world's leading industry, performance growth, stability, a promising future for the Avico and MicroTracks operations, and huge market space. Three zeros have started.
In addition, the company is now a supplier of Daimler's electronic pumps, as well as a heat management system for Volvo electric vehicles.
The continued growth of the downstream clients guarantees the growth of corporate performance, with zero revenue expected to reach over $1 billion in 2017, with a two-wheel drive for the zero and home businesses. 32 times the pe in 2018 and 2019, 24 times the pe, 21 times the price. We think Tesla built a factory in the country.
This is a long-term trend, and the use of model3 and the expansion of downstream clients will increase corporate performance. Tesla’s output is below expectations, and air conditioning requirements are below expectations.
The report clearly and accurately reflects the author's research views and seeks to be independent, objective and impartial, with no third party's recommendations or conclusions, or any other party's recommendations.