3x10 (002050) Household appliances perform as expected, zero gas and double-wheel drive southwest securities research and development centre.
Incidents: 3-quarter reports issued by the company in 2017, with 3 zeros achieved in the reporting period. 7.19 billion yuan in the first three quarters, an increase of 23.5 per cent over the previous three quarters (after adjusting the statements, the same number); 980 million net profit on return to the mother is derived mainly from the 3 zero dollars net gain/loss on the balance sheet. q3 million won 2.34 billion dollars in the first quarter.
In August, the company completed its acquisition of high-quality assets under the group’s flag, and in the same month it joined the table. During the reporting period, it achieved a net profit of 120 million dollars.
The same-year increase of 15.9 per cent, the elimination of the zero-carbon business, the net profit achieved by the company’s traditional owners was 870 million yuan, 28.5 per cent more than the previous year, and the profits increased well. Since the beginning of the year, air conditioner sales have been on fire and the entire company has been active in bringing industrial benefits to upstream parts and components, benefiting the company as a global refrigerant pilot.
In the first half of the year, high prices of raw materials led to a general decline in the rate of full-time Māori, while the public administration effectively passed on the cost pressure by virtue of its strong position in the industrial chain and floating “cost-plus” pricing mechanisms.
In addition, the cost of the company during the reporting period was 14.2 per cent, an increase of 1.1 pp over the same period, mainly due to exchange gains and losses resulting from the appreciation of the renminbi, which resulted in a financial cost of $96.02 million, compared with $61.46 million for the same period last year, and the overall cost control of the company remained relatively healthy.
• Prominent car company endorsements, the Tesla effect, or push-over expectations. The company, as Tesla-certified supplier of auto heat management systems, is expected to meet the 2018 performance expectations with the best sales of motor3 vehicles. In addition, since October, the company has been a supplier of new energy car heat management components in Daimler and Volvo.
It's another brand endorsement by a world-class car company for three zeros. In the future, as the dividends of the new energy car market are released, the zero business is expected to grow at a high rate and achieve a two-wheel drive of corporate performance.
For the same period, the sum of US$ 1.9.3.1/42 billion is being contributed, taking into account the concept of Shin Wan spare parts and Tesla, to the assumption that, given the intensity of the downstream air conditioner sales this year, there will be no reduction in the heat from air conditioners, and that the combined volume of sales over the next three years is expected to increase by almost 10 per cent, with the refrigeration unit selling at 20 per cent, 8 per cent, 8 per cent, and the company acting as a cooler for 17-19 years.
Assumption two: expected surge growth in sales in downstream dishwashers, gradual integration of Avico operations, 17-19. Assumption three: zero operations were combined in August of this year and performance commitments were made: net profits were achieved in 2017-19 at no less than $169 million, 208 million and 245 million, respectively. The net profits are now $124 million in the first three quarters of the three zeros, projected for the year as a whole.
And, driven by Teslamodel3, the zero business performed or exceeded expectations in 2018, the Maori rate is steadily rising as a result of the high value added of car parts and components of new energy sources. No one has ever received any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for their specific recommendations or views in the present report.
Southwest Securities Company Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has the qualifications of a securities investment advisory business approved by the Chinese Securities Supervisory Board.