Over 23 years, the South-West Securities Research and Development Centre (WRDC) has been growing steadily.
Events: Companies published annual reports 2023 and one quarterly report 2024. In 23 years, $8.98 billion, or +9.6 per cent, was collected; mothers received a net profit of $2.50 billion, or +6.7 per cent, or 2.640 billion, or +16.0 per cent, of the 23-year period.
The decline was mainly due to the company ' s active expansion of its operations, the increase in associated personnel, cost inputs, sales, administrative costs and the increased contribution of downstream diversified layouts, which resulted in a significant increase in the volume of non-diggered product sales, which boosted the company ' s growth in revenue.
And the industrial non-flagged tanks showed good performance, with sales equal to +16 per cent, and the pull-through hydraulic tank plates generated 46.90 billion, compared to +2.3 per cent, of the pump valve motor plates: 23 years, excavator pumps, valves, motor sales equal to 5.4 per cent, -7.1 per cent, +16.1 per cent, with an increase in the share of the central and large excavator market; non-digger areas, high machines, agricultural machines, road vehicles, concrete
The areas of pump delivery, dredging rigs, etc., have expanded well, with more cost-effective one-stop system solutions winning the market, with other industries such as pumps, valves, motor sales +41 per cent, 44 per cent, and 119 per cent. The pull company hydraulic pump valves now sell 61,000 tons, a slight increase compared to 57 per cent.
• The company is the lead in the national production of hydraulics for engineering machinery, diversified operations, and will grow with sufficient kinetic energy in the future. It's always the domestic hydraulics, deep binding of global engineering machines such as Carter, Trinity, Willows, and the domestic small-divide pumps. Valves are over 50%, mid-divide pumps are about 20-30%, large-digger pumps are about 14-20%, and global hydraulics are about 20%.
In recent years, the product categories of companies have continued to develop new business lines to agricultural machines and high companies, and the foundations of the Linear Drive project have now been initially completed, with the electric tank industry: some samples of the rollers, rollers, tracks, etc. are in the process of being tested.
24q1 has been tested for production and is expected to grow into a scuffle track leader with strong precision processing technology.1 Stereo hydraulic pressure: 30 years of rain, leading the hydraulic industry to replace the hydraulic industry to replace the 1.1.
The long-term hydraulic pressure is the backbone of domestic engineering machinery hydraulics. For more than 30 years, the company’s deep-deep hydraulics technology has been developed from a single hydraulic tank manufacturer at the start-up period to include hydraulic components, such as high-pressure tanks, high-pressure block pumps, hydraulic multi-path valves, industrial valves, hydraulic systems, hydraulic test stations and highly sophisticated hydraulic castings, precision casts, aerodynamic components, hydraulic systems, etc.
Pluralized, integrated and internationalized enterprises in the development and manufacture of goods have established four major manufacturing bases for constant gas, constant fuel tanks, persistent casts, constant hydraulic fluid pressure; in order to implement the strategic layout of the global market, enterprises such as Shanghai New Hydraulic Pressure, Germany Haweinline Hydraulic Pressure, and Japanese garments have successfully entered the global high-end hydraulic component area; and Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, Japan, the United States of America, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of
The U.S., the Indian branch, perfecting the network of marketing services in overseas areas, building up networks for manufacturing and marketing in China, the United States, Germany, Japan, over 20 countries and territories, providing integrated and effective services to more than 2,000 top customers around the world. It has now become the country’s comprehensive hydraulic software tap, leading the country’s hydraulic brands towards import substitution.
The course of the company's development can be divided into four stages: 1) the start-up phase of the development of the excavator tank (1990-2004): the company's predecessor, Stifler Hydraulic Aerodynamic Co. Ltd. was established in 1990 through the successful two-year development of a sanitation vehicle and a port mechanical hydraulic tank, in the field of first-load hydraulics;
Initially, the company focused mainly on product development in the area of hydraulics of engineering machinery, and successfully developed a special tank for excavators in 1999. Excavator tank production expanded and continued to lead national production substitution (2005-2012): in 2005, the company successfully developed a special tank for excavators, established a tank plant and put into production in the snowside of Changzhou; in 2006, shield boosters were successfully developed
After that, benefiting from the expansion of domestic infrastructure, real estate investment, and the easing of credit policies, engineering machinery entered a boom period, companies seized the opportunity to expand production capacity, led the dredging tank industry to replace State production and continuously increased municipal ownership; in 2010, they became a qualified supplier of capital upstream of Caterpillar and entered the high-end machine.
Supply chain system for the arms engineering industry; completed in 2012 by the United States and Japan ' s participating holdings, with the first-ever overseas expansion strategy in place, with products constantly breaking through the domestic and international flagship plant, the overall share of the domestic dredging tank has risen to more than 50 per cent. 3) Multi-product layout, comprehensive hydraulic taps for achievement (2013-2020): 2013 with the establishment of hydraulic technology
Year: successful development of small-divide pump valves; mass supply of small-divide pump valves, accelerated development of medium- and large-divide pump valves, operation of the same year's United States Chicago plant, integrated with research and development, production, testing and after-sales services, landing of the United States localization strategy, internationalization drive; production of permanent state production capacity of 35,000 tons of high-precision hydraulic foundlers in 2019, high-precision hydraulic fluid pressure
A major breakthrough was achieved with the component: from 2018 to 2020, pump valves and motor products were successfully certified by the mainframe plant and the city continued to dominate 4), diversification + internationalization + electrodynamic strategic layout (2021-to-date): in 2020, production plants and two subsidiaries were built in India, and the internationalization and localization strategy was further developed: in 2021, the Mexican plant began planning for construction.
(b) In 2022, the construction of the Long International Research and Development Centre project began, and the future internationalization of companies and product high-end strategies are expected to rise to a higher level.
The production of dynamic cylinders and rollers is promising. 1.2 Product spectrometry is perfect, downstream coverage is wide, HQ is an overall solution provider for hydraulics, and the product is well organized.
The combined approach is comprehensive in the hydraulic field, where the main operational products currently include hydraulic tanks, hydraulic pumps, hydraulic valves, hydraulics, motors, hydraulic systems integration, and high-precision castings of six large varieties.
Pressure pumps have a constant high-pressure column plug pump, inline heavy-load column plug pump: hydraulic valves include walk hydraulic valves and industrial hydraulic valves: hydraulic motors divided into variables motors and quantum motors; hydraulic components and systems are large-scale mechanical core transmissions.
Companies have been improving their product lines and expanding their applications. In recent years, they have continued to pursue diversification strategies, research and development of new technologies, development of new products and search for new customers downstream of the industry chain, development of new industries, acquisition of the advantages of an integrated industrial chain, removal from the cyclical effects of a single downstream industry, and increased profitability for sustainability.
Products are widely used in walking machines such as excavators, high-altitude operational vehicles, agricultural harvesting machines such as corn machines, green receptacles, industrial engineering areas such as metallurgy, gold, water, solid waste, plasticization, marine engineering such as seaworks, marine operating platforms, port machinery, tunnel engineering such as shield machines, wet jets, energy technology and technology such as oil and gas extraction, wind power and solar energy
The product structure continues to be optimized, and the strategic effects of diversified products are significant. In 2022, as a result of the downside of the excavator industry, corporate sales of hydraulic products related to the excavator have declined, but the company ' s downstream and diversified layouts have begun to contribute significantly to the increase.
Quantification of products such as field tank pumps and valves is progressing well. A breakdown is provided by the non-standard tank for excavators and heavy equipment. Corporate hydraulic tank operations decreased from 99.1 per cent to 52.2 per cent in 2011-2023, with a steady increase in sales since 2022: excavator tanks
Under pressure from the down-cycle of domestic engineering machinery: in 2023, the hydraulic tank plate as a whole received $4.69 billion. The same year +2.3 per cent, of which the high machine and industrial non-flagged tank performed brightly and increased at a higher rate, and the volume of excavator oil sold was 608,000, or 3.4 per cent, and the volume of non-flagged tanks sold was 23.77 million, or +16 per cent.
2) Hydraulic pump valves are receiving a rising ratio, the product's Māori rate is high, and sales of non-digger valves are increasing. The hydraulic pump valves contain hydraulic components such as master pump valves, general pump valves, hydraulic motors, etc. For excavators. In 2014, the hydraulic technology pump valves were officially delivered after delivery, resulting in a rapid increase in revenues from hydraulic pump valve operations.
The areas of concrete pumps, dredging drills and so forth were well developed. The more cost-effective one-stop system solution won the market, with the same sales of pumps, valves, motors in the other industries above +410, 44%, 119%, pull company hydraulic pumps +3.27 billion, compared to 18.6%), and the Māori rate was 18.6%, roughly equal to the same drop.
At the present time, the company’s compact hydraulics department’s new product threading valves, balance valves and multi-industry valves have been certified by the mainframe plant and have been phased in; the hydraulic drive department’s wiring motors and brakes have been standardized and the business plate is expected to continue to grow.
3) Hydraulic systems have expanded well downstream, with higher performance rates. The corporate hydraulic systems are widely used in hydraulic component testing, tunnel drilling, new energy development, seawork equipment, stress machinery, astronomical observations, petrochemicals, and downstream demand is high, with the industry generating 290 million dollars in 2023, compared to 15% in 2023, a 3.2% decline in the Māori rate.
4. The share of external sales of spare parts and foundries increased to 16.0%. The main package of spare parts and foundries contains products such as fuel tank accessories, pump valves, casting pieces, etc. The company currently focuses on technological innovation, active production of new energy, auto parts, medical treatment, high iron, etc., and the development of more new products, which are expected to help sustain the company’s new product.
1.3 The product structure is optimized and profitability increased by the same amount as +6.7 per cent, of which the non-engineering and machinery industry has developed new products with a clear spread of revenue, which has continued to rise, and the surplus of new products due to lower company costs and the appreciation of the United States dollar exchange rate has led to higher corporate exchange earnings: the combined Māori rate was 41.9 per cent in 2023.
Lean management, significant cost control. The 2015-2022 public-sector cost rate fell from 20.4 per cent to 10.3 per cent in 2015-2022 and 2.7 percentage points in 2022; the company ' s time fee in 2023 was stable and concentrated. The company ' s three major shareholders were smart, Shinno and Ningbo-hing.
Mr. Wang Li Ping's family has control over a total of 68.55 per cent of the constant hydraulic pressure, Mr. Wang Li Ping's family, including Wang Li Ping, Qing Peng and Wang Chi, Mr. Wang Li Ping and Ms. Chan Peng are married, Mr. Wang Li Ping is the son of Wang Liping, Qing Ping and Mr. Wang Li Ping's family has absolute control over the company and is the actual owner of the company.
For the company ' s core senior management platform, the company ' s general manager, Qiu Yongning, holds 5.46% of the shares, the deputy general manager, Xu Jin holding 3.28% of the shares, is stable and experienced in the industry. The company ' s executive has a great deal of professional experience, and the president, Mr. Wang Li Ping, is the founder of the company, who has been leading the team since the company ' s inception, working on product research and development, tackling a number of technical problems and pressing it.
To hold the fast pace of our engineering and machinery industry, and to lead the company to become a leader in the country's hydraulics. Mr. Qiu Yongning, General Manager, has a rich industrial background, deputy general manager, Mr. Xu Jin, Mr. Hu Kuo-Hin and Mr. Wang Bin, all of whom are of technical origin, have extensive professional experience, have grown up with the company to date: the company's deep binding of management and core technical staff through the employee holding platform has inspired the enterprise to go through the business.
Assumption 1: hydraulic tank: Excavator tank operations are more relevant to the sales of excavators, considering that the domestic excavator market is still in the lower cycle, the domestic municipal share of the company ' s hydraulic tank is over 50 per cent, the overseas city share is expected to increase one step from the Mexican factory, and the sales of excavator tanks are expected to rise back in 2024-2026; in non-digger areas, companies achieve high-altitude platforms
Various industry batch packages, including fuel tanks, crane tanks, shield tanks, high-end marine tanks, with strong downstream demand, assuming that 2: hydraulic valve panels include excavators, valves, motors and non-digger pumps, valves, motor products, excavators and valves.
Assumption 3: Hydraulic systems: the business is a project that provides a complete system solution for clients and is still on the outreach scale, we've chosen Eddie Precision, Long Age Hydraulics, Qincheon Machine Bed as a comparable company, with three companies with an average of 35, 27, 22 times the average of pe in 2024-2026. The company is our engineering machinery hydraulics tap, covering the main engineering machinery plant, both domestic and foreign.
High-end hydraulics, such as taps, pump valves, deep expansion of agricultural machinery, industry, and high-barrel products. Table 3: Comparable corporate valuations (as of 24 April 2024) Risks of under-achievement of R & D projects: corporate fund-raising projects “International R & D Centre” and “Standing Up”
The Mexican project is highly influenced by local policies and, if the R & D project is not as advanced as expected, risks increasing competition in the corporate, domestic and foreign markets: the current rapid growth of international hydraulic sector markets, with increasing market participation, may expose the international market to the risk of increased competition, resulting in such factors as the company's market position, product prices, profitability, etc.
The risk of a continuing downswing in the engineering and machinery market is that the domestic engineering and machinery industry is in a bottom-up cycle, and if demand in the domestic engineering and machinery industry recovers less than expected, it will have a negative impact on the demand side of the company, affecting its profitability. No one will receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.