How do we look at the opportunities for dung-bong drinks to go to sea? — How do we look at the opportunities for dung-bong beverages to go to sea (60549.sh)? From the heart of the problem, this paper looks at the incremental space behind globalization, the potential behavioral curves of companies and valuation pricing.
In South-East Asia, the intensive labour force and the high-temperature environment are naturally suitable for drinking and opening up, amounting to one-two Chinas in 24 years and growing faster. The core market, Vietnam/Cambodia/Myanmar, has high growth opportunities and potential. The market, Indonesia/Malai, has high penetration opportunities.
In the long run, as the company’s South-East Asia has opened well, it can test further water in emerging markets represented by East and Central Africa (24 years of size equals China). Behind our globalization strategy is the re-establishment of 1.5 Chinese markets.
Department of Services, management company, outposting + grass-roots recruits locally; capacity to plan multiple factories to serve the sea, with the exception of Guangdong Base, and to further reduce logistics costs when the future Kwangming Hainan Indonesian plant is inaugurated; product preparation, using a reverse pricing premium ratio, large package pet bottle features that match local demand, and future formulation localization of local sweetness and high caffeine content; channel preparation to take the lead in fast-tracking 711 through a chain, sponsoring 24teqball World Cup in Viet Nam, combined with trial drinking and
Once again, valuation pricing has been explored: we have demonstrated that the master space is more than $20 billion, that the second curve space is 10 billion (due to water recharge than expected), and that globalization strategies correspond to an increase of about 10 billion in future sea space (by 25% abroad at the end of the period), compared to the internationalized pioneer Monster's overseas share.
There is still room for 38%/Carabo 48% of the long-term income from the beverages, which we believe to be 40 billion/8 billion/only 15.8x/only, to maintain the “buy-in” rating. What is the incremental space behind globalization? 2. Corporate behaviour curves and valuation pricing?
What is the incremental space behind globalization? South-East Asia’s capacity: 30 billion growing markets; South-East Asia’s labour-intensive and hot environment, naturally suited to energy beverage development; integrated scale growth, with the best opportunities in Viet Nam, Cambodia, Myanmar, Indonesia.
Size: Overall, 11 countries in South-East Asia had a drinking market of $4.2 billion (approximately RMB 30 billion) in 24 years, corresponding to 49% of China’s size; by country, Viet Nam stood at 35%, Cambodia at 20%, Thailand at 18%, Myanmar at 9%, Philippines at 9%, and Indonesia at 6%.
Quantities split: Infiltration side, side-opportunities parallel □ fractional price, with Indonesia and Mali representing the highest potential penetration rate, side-opportunities coexist. Per capita: Viet Nam, the top three of 11 countries in South-East Asia, is currently ranked as market capacity.
_ Cambodia and Thailand have the highest per capita consumption and are expected to have adequate market education, which can be regarded as a “stamp market”; Indonesia, with a high population ranking but the lowest per capita consumption, can be considered a “potential market” for a rapid increase in penetration in the future; -asp: In 11 countries in South-East Asia, the overall average was more divided, ranging from Myanmar to Singapore, asp to China, foreshadowing the chances of price capture on the side of the pattern; and Viet Nam, Fifi.
The Philippines, Indonesia, asp, is significantly lower than China, and there are opportunities to upgrade consumption in the future with economic growth.
Overall pattern: oligarchy, distinct rhetoric, oligarchy in South-East Asia, with Viet Nam as the most important market in the world. Tianxil, Pepsi, with a share of more than 20%, is the leading international brand in Viet Nam in the core market, with Pepsi in Viet Nam’s second and first place in Cambodia.
Ootspa and Karabau are second-tier teams with shares of 10-15 per cent, based on Thailand-based transnational layout, with local brands of Thailand, Cambodia, -thp, Asian beer, Masan, etc. with shares of 2-10 per cent, compared to one or two-tier teams of almost all regional brands (the limited scope of operations in the home country). South-East Asia has a competitive pattern of drinking markets (sorting of sales).
From the point of view of the punctuation market, the potential of the doppelganger from Vietnam’s market analysis: the value for money + the advantage of large packaging – is already in the first tier. At the demand side: Vietnam’s drinking market is mature, its per capita consumption is high (9.4lvs China 2.8l), and it has grown rapidly in the last five years (11% vs China 4.7%) and its future prospects are promising.
(a) On the supply side: heavy efficacy: 42 per cent of the sky, 25 per cent of the Pepsi and 116 per cent of the population occupy the first three shares, and caffeine content is generally higher than in China, with a strong booster effect;
In South-East Asia, the biggest drinking market, with a better price than the top two, the bottom line, the bottom line, the bottom line, number 1/wakeup247, and the middle of a bigger package + the bottom line, playing China’s big role. Viet Nam can drink the market’s competitive patterns.
From the pole market, an analysis of the potential in Cambodia’s market: high value for money + the loss of local brand space has created the potential for a sting share. Demand-side: Cambodia’s per capita consumption is very high (19.3lvs China 2.8l), similar to Viet Nam, and has grown rapidly in the last five years (10% vs China 4.7%), but the unit price is far higher than in Viet Nam.
On the supply side: Pepsi is working: 60 per cent of Pepsi, 26 per cent of Karabo, Thailand; 10 per cent of Bacchus in South Korea is in the top three; the price of Bacchus is losing its share; down with the share of Rikara Po, giving Sting the first chance of borrowing his share in recent years.
□ Dong Poon’s opportunity to think: Cambodia’s price competition is lighter than that of Viet Nam, and the existing big brands sting, carabao, bacchus are far below that of East Poe, and there are no low-priced regions where brand competition pressures give them more opportunities to win.
From the potential market point of view, the potential of the doppelganger (Indonesia) – from an analysis of the Indonesian market – is that the market nurtures the vanguard, the value of sex + rejuvenation/large packaging/facilitability. On the demand side, the Indonesian market is still to be nurtured, with low per capita consumption (1.0lvs China 2.8l), and has increased at a similar rate in the last five years (3.8% vs China 4.7%), but there is a significant potential for future penetration.
On the supply side:  the pattern is fragmented: 40 per cent is unique, Thailand is 1509 per cent, Powerf is 4 per cent, and the pattern is fragmented, panther/hemaviton, etc.; original packaging is: glass brands are overpriced, such as red cows/m150/hemaviton; cups are cheaply priced, such as Powerf/panther, with phenograms, juice, packaging, cost savings but easy to leak; and powder bags are not easily used, such as kukubima/extrajos (4.4 g 50 mg caffeine per bag), and are local Indonesian brands.
Xiaodong Poon has a chance to think: Indonesia has a low penetration rate and an uncertain pattern, and the local branding is cheap and unfavorable, allowing it to pre-empt the market, promote youthism, large packaging, and ease. Indonesia can drink to the competitive patterns of the market.
From the potential market point of view, the Tung Peng opportunity (Mari), from the Malay market analysis, shows the potential: it is also possible to nurture a pioneering market that can build an international brand of value for money + large packaging + easy access. On the demand side: similar to Indonesia, per capita consumption in Malaysia is low (0.8lvs China 2.8l), and growth lags behind in the last five years (1.6% vs China 4.7%), but the unit price is higher.
On the supply side:  high unit price: 57% Tsi, powerroot 18%, health care 8%, top three, priced high for coffee-based sulfonic acid content;  composition, taste: local brands such as powerroot are preferred to add humans, and prairie extracts such as East Geari, as well as kodanutrition energy gels with a variety of curry.
South-East Asia concludes that the volume market is already one-two Chinas and is growing faster. Dong Peng focuses on potential markets such as Viet Nam/Cambodia and Indonesia/Malay.
Today's best value for money is two tops: the Tianxing Red Bull, Pepsing, and it's a first-tier team. Current advantage: a better international brand of value for money than an international brand: the Doppelganger has a significantly higher value for money.
Two-square brands compared to indigenous brands: the multi-country layout/brand strength of the Orang Poon is strong, with a higher profile/channel reach than local brands; 3 heterogeneity: the Orang Poon package plus ease (sweet quenching, non-drinking, bottle caps can be ashtrays), and a regional branding cannery/glass/cup/package has a more immediate problem: how can a post-brand brand win?
1 branding: Pepsi and Thailand's three top layouts are in place in South-East Asia, while Malays in Indonesia are still to be nurtured and there is a need to raise consumer and channel awareness of drinkable products, or Orang Peng brands. 2 Localization: South-East Asia has a high amount of caffeine/sulfonate/sugar additions, a greater need for localization of dopium products, higher prices for caffeine/sulfonate/all types of extractions, and company behaviour curves and valuation pricing?
Rhythm: Short-term preparation, starting with Viet Nam □ we mentioned in the depth theme “If a future overseas factory is built, it can be seen as a turning point in a company's strategy for sea travel.” Outward rhythm: on the timeline, we expect 25 years of company focus on organizing mechanisms and elemental readiness, revenue earnings are not a short-term focus, and there can be a phased contribution in 26-27 years.
An organizational structure: Dong Peng established the Ministry of Overseas Industries, which is headed by Hua Jun, Vice-President of the National Battalion’s headquarters, and also includes Viet Nam, Malay, and Indonesian subsidiaries and services. The staffing mechanism: considering the cultural diversity of Dong Peng, it is expected that it will be more “high-level + grass-roots local recruitment.” The company plans to build five new factories, all of which, with the exception of Tianjin’s base, will be located in the south, especially in Indonesia, reflecting the shift in the company’s strategic focus towards seaboarding.
h Unit preparation: Dong Peng is currently in contact with the investors to plan the listing of the Hong Kong stock, raise funds or up to $1 billion, which will help build overseas capacity and open up operations. First, Viet Nam: at the beginning of 25 years, the company’s leading Vietnamese subsidiary has made substantial progress, Viet Nam’s branch is officially operational and Viet Nam’s market opening is expected to accelerate.
Dong Peng is currently in contact with the investors, planning to market the Hong Kong stock, and a Hong Kong share dream? Dong Peng has responded to the rumour that there is no decision to do anything at this time.
On 16, according to media reports, the functional beverages manufacturer Tung Peng is close to working with Morgan Stanley and ubs to put their shares on the market. The Hmong securities are also expected to be on the market, and other banks are likely to add them.
According to the report, although some preliminary preparations have been made for the drink, no cooperation or service agreement has been signed. This fund-raising package reflects the strategy of the sea: the company plans to build five new plants, with the exception of the Tianjin base, in the south, especially in Indonesia, and reflects the company’s strategic future.
A shift in heart is expected to accelerate out of the sea after 26-27 years of capacity is released. □ Post-natal delivery can further reduce costs: Dong Peng is now delivering goods from Guangdong base and from sea to South-East Asia; with 24.06 Kunming (radiating Myanmar/Laos/Thailand), 24.11 Hainan (radiating Viet Nam/Cambodia), 24.12 Indonesia (radiating Indonesia/Mali/Philippines) bases are under construction, reducing long-range logistics transport costs and further enhancing value-for-money advantages.
East and South-East Asian production capacity supports, production capacity accelerates construction Product preparation: reverse pricing, value for money + localization □ reverse pricing: price is an important factor in internationalization. In the face of the double competition between indigenous and transnational brands, Dong Peng ensures price competition for products through the principle of “reverse pricing”
Current value ratios: refer to the 500ml5 gold bottle (asp 1.37 US dollars/litre) in Dong Peng China, South-East Asian competition currently in the hands of only Vietnam number 1, Philippines cobra, Indo Nipowerf, Panther, and other regional brands are priced less than East Pang, if the East Plum is priced more than 10% (asp. 1.23 US dollars/litre) in South-East Asia.
Future localization: On the formula, for South-East Asia ' s sweetness and high caffeine content, Dong Peng is also expected to adjust the product formulation to enhance value for money; on the packaging, future companies are still trying to design locally-culturally-friendly packagings, adding design elements that are consistent with South-East Asia’s aesthetics.
Channel preparation: Clear thinking, replicating domestic gene □ channel development: Dong Peng builds a localized supply chain and distribution network, based on offline channels, working with local distributors and retailers; companies take the lead in marking chains such as 711 and ck convenience stores, not only increasing initial brand influence, but also providing channel endorsement for subsequent market coverage.
□ Marketing strategy: Dong Peng has adopted a phased strategy of “invigorating interest-building habits-enhancement of identity” by raising brand visibility at an early stage through sponsorship of events (e.g. 24.11 Vietnamese sponsorship of the Teqball World Cup), exhibitions, trial-drinking promotion campaigns, and then social media promotion of consumer brand awareness. In addition, it has continued to develop a country-wide branding package, a dollar-enjoy campaign, bus advertisements, sports halls and factories to raise brand visibility.
East Peastroc started putting on a show in Vietnam, and East Peastroc sponsored Vietnam's 2024 Football World Cup.
In view of the future, we expect long-term revenue to be sold in the near future, beyond South-East Asia, to the emerging markets represented by East and Central Africa. India: Osmosis: India’s 24-year $1.15 billion market, nearly five-year capr 46.5% of the boom, and Pepsi Sting’s top-rated share.
Assuming a 10% share of Central and East Africa, it can contribute 3.8 billion dollars of factory income. In the long run, South-East Asia+Central and East Africa has exceeded 1.5 times China’s volume, contributing 38% to targets 23amonster, 23% osotpa, and 48% Carabao, with long-term overseas spaces close to being sold.
Outward space: the long-term ceiling of 10 billion dots is determined to go out, and South-East Asia is expected to release productive capacity for 26-27 years to accelerate its performance contribution. Space projections: The more value for money is higher than international brands, the easier way to play with big cards and big packagings, assuming a 25 per cent share in the medium and long term, close to Pepsing;
(a) High value for money, assuming 35 per cent of the medium- and long-term share, close to Pepsing;
(b) India: high penetration rate, low penetration rate, primary ease of packaging of indigenous brands, assuming a 40 per cent medium- and long-term share, with first potential;
In the mid-term, East and South-East Asia is expected to enter the first echelon, with a share of 24%, corresponding to $6.2 billion in factory revenues; and a build-up of emerging spaces, such as East and Central Africa, with an advanced ceiling of up to 10 billion. East and South-East Asia space gauges, in 24 years, our two depths, East and South-East Asia beverages: Embracing Extreme Sex Prices vs. Decay Ages, 20240205, and East and South Africa, looking at how they grow in the future, 20240808.
In the long term, we measure the 20 billion, the 10 billion second curve, and the 10 billion out of the ocean. The main industry: $20 billion for the 4 billion Red Bulls, with the company expected to earn 20 billion dollars for 26 years at 4.5 billion and more than 20 billion for the ceiling;
The whole story is summarized: we measure the price space, and the doppelganger is potentially profitable.
Main industry: standard monster/farmer/peripheral/peripheral, with a steady-state net interest rate of 25 per cent vs. 23a18 per cent, with core points of increase derived from reduced sales discounts after market stability, reduced transport rates after product layout, corresponding profit volume of 5 billion +, taking into account high growth of energy beverages and viscosity, with 20xpe set a higher master space; new products: consideration of paving and pre-loading of inputs, 15 per cent net interest rate of new products, corresponding to a second curve profit volume of 1.5 billion, taking into account the nature of growth and the structuring of the platform, which could be valued
Outwards: Considering upfront inputs, projected net interest rates of 15 per cent, growth in South-East Asia and the Indian Ocean in Central and East Africa, 25xpe has set a new product & overseas space of about 80 per cent for the main industry.1 Overseas markets are not as well developed as expected, remain in the build-up and branding stages of overseas markets, and are still less likely to contribute significantly in the short term than expected.
2. While new products are not expanding as well as expected, such sources as sports beverages, coffee beverages, sugar-free cologne, coconut juice, etc., remain uncertain and pose less than expected risks. Companies now rely mainly on the foreign port market for income growth, access and consumer education progress than expected.
The raw materials of the company’s products consist mainly of white sugar and bottling embryos, which are currently priced at stable but still at higher risk. There is an orderly competition among energy and beverages, price stability, and the risk of affecting the share of the doppelganger if other participants in the industry provoke price battles to suit the market.