The food and beverage group has come to the Blue Sea, and the East Peng Pang Asia-Pacific is ready to sail, and the global energy and beverage track has grown with a five-year sale of cagr 11.6%.
Both male and male monster harvests break the 50 billion proof-type bursting power. In this paper, there is an in-depth discussion about the expansion of the focus group, its advantages, its path to success, and its opportunities to sail out of the sea.
Intense working time, intensity increases, demand increases, and product penetration continues to rise. 2) Generalizing genes: sweet/fruit substrate matches global taste, home-grown improved culture is more compatible. 3) Matthew effects: functional dependence + brand complex construction of protected rivers with dragon heads.
1. East Peng Beverage Review: A smooth season with continued high performance throughout the year The growth in crowding through supply chain/channel/brand advantage and increasing concentration. 2, Red Bull and Monster, respectively, go out to sea? 1) Red Bull: The first energy drink.
2. Appeared by Orang Beverage: Second Curve Savings, q3 Performances and q3 Performances to take advantage of the market. Austrian Red Cows led the indigenous period of packaging and positioning, 2024.10.29.
Transforming, supported by end-of-life sports + music marketing to build brand ecosystems, European model 3. "Engine Beverages: Performance Over Expectations, Keeping the Second Curve Growing" Market Validation to Global Coverage. "2) Monster: Later, Discrepancies Strategy Real.
Potential, 2024.8.30 Reverse. Products are valued at 16oz packaging, branded with magic claws totem, wild and self, channel-led Coca-Cola distribution networks, product R & D are focused on disaggregated demand.
3. Where is the current energy-drinking dividend? Asia-Pacific region has a solid consumer base, labour-intensive industries, a large population base, and a high level of awareness of the products under Red Bull ' s previous education.
Core population, per capita consumption of less than 1l/year, highly dispersed market, and value for money strategy is key to winning. 2) Vietnam/Thailand (structural upgrading): consumption habits have been nurtured and drinking is greater than 4l/year, prices have increased to core drivers, and needs for disaggregation have yet to be met.
4. What are the competitive advantages of the company? 1) Brand: the first brand of domestic sales, like endorsements, has a significant value for money relative to the competition. 2) Performance layout: the future Hainan, Indo-Ni plants will be effective in radiating the perimeter, reducing transport costs, strengthening the edge of the industrial chain.
Experience: The experience of digital management of multi-tier channels in the country + the million-class network can be replicated to overseas markets. 4) Space for development: a combination of assumptions such as per capita consumption and municipal occupancy, company fundamentals (RMB)
The company's energy drinks are expected to increase by more than $10 billion in Asia and the Pacific under sexual conditions.
Roe (belonging to parent companies) Risks of increased market competition, higher prices of raw materials, less than expected promotion of new products, miscalculations, less than expected expansion abroad.
One, the energy and beverage industry is growing, and there's plenty of room for overseas markets.
1.1 The energy beverage market continues to expand, and head companies accelerate overseas layout Energy beverage is a drink with a specific component aimed at rapidly increasing physical energy levels and supplementing the required nutrients. At the end of the spectrum, consumer demand for energy beverages continues to grow as the pace of modern social life increases, learning and work pressures increase.
At the supply end, as consumption progresses toward diversification and healthyness, producers enrich the product matrix through an innovative mix of raw materials, taste, and taste. The energy beverages industry flourished, amounting to $67.1 billion in retail sales as of 2023, with a compound increase of 9% in 18-23.
In terms of splitting prices, the increase is even more significant, with energy beverages growing at a rate of 11.6 per cent in non-field consumption in 18-23, at the top of the soft beverage segment, and energy beverage consumption increasing as a proportion of total soft beverage consumption in the last five years.
Overseas markets have great potential, and head brands are widely distributed. Energy beverages are limited in capacity, subject to restrictions such as population size and per capita consumption.
In return, the head brands of Red Bulls and Monsters are all over the overseas market. Compared to other soft drinks, the world's largest market for energy beverages is the red cow's overseas market, which in 2023 accounted for 98.7% of its total global retail sales.
The proportion of the working population in the rest of the population aged 15-34 years
Combined acceleration of energy beverage sales from 14 to 23 years -- right axis