China's life (601628.sh)
In the first quarter of 2025, corporate revenue and cost performance were divided. On the revenue side, a quarter of the year was affected by higher bond market interest rates and higher equity market shocks, corporate investment returns were delayed, aggregate revenues were reduced by 32.8% and market interest rate fluctuations were driven by a significant 32.8% decrease in the cost of company insurance services.
As a result of the current market interest rate measurement for the period, the volatility of the bond market during the quarter has led to a constant fluctuation in the cost of short-term insurance services. It is expected that the level of corporate payments will continue to be optimized in the future as health care payments reform progresses.
In this context, companies increase the supply of quality products and manage differentiated marketing strategies. In addition, companies continue to push for an agent’s “triple” transformation, with an increase in per capita productivity and workforce retention.
At the end of the quarter, the company achieved a total premium of $354.41 billion, an increase of 5.0 per cent over the same period.
In addition, companies continue to diversify the supply of their products, promoting balanced development in such operations as full risk, annuity, incremental lifetime and health insurance. By the end of the quarter, companies used the same economy to recapitulate an increase of 4.8% in the same economy, with product value rates continuously optimized.
Capital market shocks have continued, and corporate investment returns have been pressured. In the first quarter of 2025, corporate investment returns were collected. Chinese Life (601628.sh) - Investment elasticity drives high performance growth.
Life of China (601628.sh) - Continuous revaluation of assets, new and high profits history - Life of China (601628.sh) - Conservative advantage, rising value indicators - Life of China (601628.sh) - Decline of profit and intensification of marketing reform
Opportunities for group asset allocation, optimization of equity investment structures, stabilization of medium- and long-term returns, balance of shares, Life in China (601628.sh) - Tilting Up, double premium value - billion yuan. In the context of “asset waste”, it is expected that the corresponding assets will remain at the core of the company's future layout.
Investment proposals: As the leader of our personal risk industry, Chinese life is moving forward with a series of debt-end transformations, with optimal asset-end configurations, and we maintain corporate profit projections for 2025-2027, with authors ensuring that the data used in the report are derived from compliance channels; the logic of analysis is based on the author's professional understanding, with reasonable judgement and conclusions.
Seeking to be independent, objective, impartial and not to be directed or influenced by any third party; no studies have been, are or will be carried out by the author