"The King of Africa" of the mobile smart terminal, "The King of Africa" of the cell phone smart terminal.
Companies are mainly engaged in the design, development, production, marketing and branding of smart terminals with mobile phones at their core, and their business earnings and profits are derived mainly from the sale of mobile phones products. In addition to mobile phone products, companies also provide mobile Internet services, digital accessories, home appliances, etc.
In 2018, the company was the fourth largest in the world in terms of full-product cellular output, and the largest in terms of market ownership in Africa. The company is known as the “King of Africa” in the industry, thanks to market ownership and extensive brand influence in Africa, which is far higher than that of other mobile operators.
Localized product R & D and technological innovation in emerging markets represented by Africa, total equity (million shares) after branding
Impact, user size, technological innovation, distribution networks, supply chain regulation, and after-sales services are leading. The vast market space in emerging markets such as Africa and India will further boost corporate performance.
The company's fund-raising will be used for the project to build a cellular base in the Sensitization Park, cellular students, Shenzhen City Sound Investment Ltd.
Production base (Gongqing) project, mobile Internet system platform construction project, Shanghai cellular development (Shanghai) equity investment fund partnership project, Shenzhen cellular and home power research and development centre project, market terminal information
Construction projects and replenishment of liquidity. When the funds are raised, the net assets and total assets of the company will be managed with limited equity in Shenzhen City on a larger scale, the capacity of the company will increase steadily, and the research and development capacity will be further enhanced.
The product lines will be enriched and the long-term technological and branding advantages of the company fully exploited, and the income structure (2019h1) will further enhance the company ' s continued profitability and market competitiveness.
Risk factors: market competitive risks, management risks associated with scale expansion, risks of technological innovation that cannot meet market demand, exchange rate fluctuations, regulatory risks of offshore affiliates, etc. Companies are mainly engaged in the design, R & D, production, design of smart terminals centred on mobile phones, etc.
Marketing and branding operations, with three major brands of tecno, itel and infinix mobile phones, are concentrated in emerging global market countries, such as Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East, and South America. Based on the leading advantages accumulated in emerging markets, companies are built around major businesses.
A variety of strategic layouts have been implemented, creating digital appliance brands oraimo, home appliances sign syinix, and after-sale service brands carlcare. Companies have developed their own smart terminal operating systems such as hios, etc., and Xos, and have developed application shops and swims around os operating systems.
Tools and software such as theatre platforms, advertising distribution platforms, and mobile phone butlers. At the same time, companies and the Internet are actively developing and incubating mobile Internet products, and are engaged in battles at sea in music, games, short videos, content synthesizing and other applications.
Mobile Internet operations based on user flows and data resources are a new driver of growth in the performance of companies, whose industries are made for computers, communications and other electronic equipment.
In 2018, the company was ranked fourth in the world in terms of full product cellular output and the largest in terms of market ownership in Africa. In January-June 2019, the company sold 16,57 million smartphones, sold $731,895.97 million, sold 38.15 million mobile phones and sold 38,150,000.
237,961.99 million yuan. The sales volume and sales of smart machines are rising. According to the 100% list of "most favorite African consumer brands", published in Africanbusiness in June 2019, three of the company's mobile brands, Tecno, itel and infinix, respectively.
5th, 17th, and 26th; out of 100%, only 7 Chinese brands have been selected, with Tecno leading the Chinese brand for many years, and itel ranking second in the Chinese brand. Given that the market in Africa is far higher than that of other mobile phone manufacturers, and wide-ranging.
Brand influence, known as the "King of Africa" in industry. 1.2 Industry development. Mobile communication terminal equipment as a communications carrier is communicated to the outside world.
Connecting tools. Mobile phone products are used as high-precision, highly integrated mobile communication terminal devices, and are being upgraded as the mobile communications network systems develop over time. Mobile terminals, represented by mobile phones, bring together communications technology, integrated circuits, hardware systems.
The core technology in many high-tech fields, such as manufacturing, information services, data security, etc., is a priority area for all countries, as well as an emerging product of our current strategy focused on nurturing and development, which is supported by a number of national policies.
The development of the mobile phone sector is encouraged by the 13th Five-Year National Development Plan for Strategic and Emerging Industries and the March 2018 Government Report on its Work, and by the launch by the National Development Reform Commission of the Directory of Guidance for Strategic and Emerging Industries Priority Products and Services (2016 edition).
Development has made a significant contribution to the structural upgrading of our entire electronic information industry chain, moving from a single volume expansion to a diversified, multilayered and efficient system, which has benefited from successive shifts in communications technology and mobile phone parts and components.
The global mobile market continues to grow steadily. According to the United States International Data Corporation, idc, global cellular output grew from 1,718 million in 2011 to 1,891 million in 2018, and the volume increased from $304.9 billion in 2011 to $495 billion.
United States dollars. With the advent of the 5g era, the average annual global volume of mobile phone shipments is expected to rise steadily to nearly $600 billion between 2019 and 2022. Figure 2 Global cellular output and volume for 2011-2022
Emerging markets such as Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East and South America have a population base of over 3 billion, low levels of economic development, relatively slow growth in the mobile phone industry, small per capita mobile phone holdings and large market space.
From 2014 to 2018, the number of mobile phones delivered from African markets increased from 107 million to 127 million, the number of holdings decreased from 498 million to 357 million, and the per capita holdings rose from 44 to 52 per cent, according to gsma5.
From 2014 to 2018, the number of mobile phones delivered by the Indian market grew from 179 million to 181 million, the number of holdings decreased from 567 million to 490 million, and per capita holdings were based on emarketer 6, combined with annual population figures from the United Nations Population Programme.
It has been calculated that mobile penetration in the Indian market has increased from 45% to 57%. Africa, India, and India, have had rapid increases in the retention of smart machines and per capita holdings between 2014 and 2018, and there have been declines in the retention of functional machines and per capita holdings, but there are still some markets.
As economic development and communication in markets such as Africa, India, etc. are improving, per capita consumption capacity is increasing, and the market demand for smartphones is increasing. And Africa, India, etc., is still below the world’s holdings and per capita holdings.
On average, communications facilities are still less advanced than the world average, and there are larger companies that focus on home-grown product R & D and technological innovation in emerging markets represented by Africa, in brand influence, user size, technological innovation, marketing networks, supply.
Chain control, after-sales services, is a leader. The vast market space in emerging markets, such as Africa and India, will further boost corporate performance.
After many years of growth, the mobile phone industry is becoming more competitive. With the advent of mature markets, the cycle of upgrading communication systems and the rise of emerging markets, the industry is entering a critical phase of competition, with the pace of phasing out.
The rapid increase in the cost of development and prototype design, the increasing entry threshold for the industry, and future competition for products will be concentrated among leading brand manufacturers, with further market concentration increasing. (1) Global competition in the full-product mobile phone market
In terms of the full range of mobile phones, Samsung and Apple have a higher market share, not ranked first and second in global mobile brands, with a more obvious overall competitive advantage. At the same time, the market share of national mobile brands grew rapidly, in 2018.
The market share of China’s top 20 brands is about 40%. In 2018, the global market for company-wide mobile phones was 7.04%, ranking 4th in the world.
Apple, the competitive advantage is clear. The global market share of corporate smartphones was 2.75% in 2018, ranking 9th.
The world is ranked first in terms of global output of functional mobile phones, with market access rates of 12.12 per cent, 19.62 per cent and 19.47 per cent, respectively. After years of accumulation, companies have already gained brand influence, user size, technological innovation, etc.
Marketing networks, supply chain control, after-sales services, etc. have a remarkable advantage. In 2018, more than 100 million company mobile phones were delivered, global market ownership reached 7.04%, and the fourth largest global producer of machine brands: the combined stock of African markets reached 48.71%.
First in Africa: the combined market share of the Indian market was 6.72 per cent, and fourth in India.
For the mobile phone industry, brands are the expression of a combination of power. Companies have been embedded in African markets for many years, and with excellent product performance and localized technological innovations, in African cities, they have gained much more market ownership and extensive brand influence than other mobile operators.
The industry is known as the “King of Africa.” Based on Africa’s home-grown innovation and product orientation focused on user experience, the brand has a high degree of user loyalty and a unique competitive advantage for the company.
In the area of mobile products, companies have high-quality brand security for mobile Internet operations and mobile phones such as home appliances, accessories, etc. By obtaining high-quality user sticky, the company's business life of mobile Internet services plus home appliances, digital accessories
The model is already in its initial shape, further reinforcing the competitive edge of companies, which are the first home-grown mobile-phone manufacturers to enter Africa, with multi-year technology deposits, have a profound insight into and understanding of African markets and user groups, and lead local mobile phones.
Design, process, etc. Upgraded. After years of continuous accumulation, companies have acquired a strong ability to innovate in applied technologies.
The company has established autonomous research and development centres in Shanghai and Shenzhen, respectively, and works closely with research and development teams in Nigeria and Kenya.
On the basis of hardware research and development, the company insists on combining software technologies such as big data, cloud computing, Internet, etc. with mobile end-products, and continuously upgrading products and services. The company’s marketing model is based on distribution, with a sharp strategic vision and scientific channels.
The road-building program has built and improved a network of well-connected, permeable, stable marketing channels. The pre-emptive advantages of marketing channels provide a solid basis for consolidating and upgrading market ownership in emerging markets such as Africa and India.
More than 70 countries and regions have established close partnerships with more than 2,000 dealers with substantial marketing experience in various market countries and have formed marketing networks covering major global emerging markets such as Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East and South America.
(4) The advantages of integrating after-sales services The company has a professional after-sales brand, carlcare, and the service class has covered its own branded mobile and household electrical products, and is gradually moving towards non-owned brands and other products
Carlcare, dedicated to providing home-grown one-stop services to global markets, now has more than 2,000 service outlets (including third-party cooperation networks) globally, the largest electronic and home-based product service providers in Africa.
Management and technical teams from top industry experts, covering regions such as Africa, South Asia, the Middle East, and South-East Asia, provide professional and efficient after-sales services to global users. Professionalized after-sales systems provide strong leverage for companies to consolidate and boost their share of emerging market sales.
Strong safeguards further enhance product stickivity with end-users.II. Corporate analysis and fund-raising for 2.1 corporate equity structure, physical control of people
The shareholding shares of the company are 56.73%. The shareholding of the company is the first shareholder in the sound transfer, and the shareholding of the sound transmission investment is 20.68%. The controlling shareholders of the company invest in the sound transmission and actually control the person in question.
The company is mainly involved in the design, development, production, and production of smart terminals with mobile phones at their core.
In addition to mobile products, companies provide customers with mobile Internet services, digital accessories, home appliances, and other products or services.
The company's current fund-raising will be used for the project to build a mobile cellular base in the Sensitization Park, the project to produce a cellular base (Gongqing), the project to build a mobile Internet system platform, the project to build a cellular centre in Shanghai, the project to build a cellular and home power research and development centre in Shenzhen, and the market terminal.
The size of the net assets and total assets of the company will increase when the funds are raised, the capacity of the public sector will increase steadily, the research and development capacity will be further enhanced and the product lines will be enriched.
Rich, the long-term technological and branding advantages that companies have accumulated will also be fully realized, contributing to a step-by-step enhancement of companies’ continued profitability and market competitiveness.
The rate of return will decline. But, in the long run, as capital-raising investment projects become operational, the size of the company ' s capacity will increase steadily, and the net asset rate of return will gradually increase, assuming that: 1) sales of corporate products will continue to grow steadily in emerging markets:
2) The Māori ratio of products remains stable; 3) the exchange rate, tax rates, and other influencing factors are stable. The mobile phone market is a fully competitive market, a mature market that is represented by Europe and America.
In recent years, however, the combined power of domestic mobile operators has increased considerably, and with economic development, population growth and improved communications infrastructure, the major emerging markets, represented by Africa and India, are the main sources of future global growth in mobile sales.
The current market penetration rate for smartphones in emerging markets is relatively low, is still in the transition phase to smartphones, and mobile phones still account for a higher share of the market. As a result of the market’s vast market space and growth potential, mobile phone manufacturers are increasingly entering the market.
As mature markets become more saturated, they will not exclude other mobile operators from entering and expanding their efforts to open new markets, such as those in Africa and India. Companies will face increasing market competition risks.
To sell to global emerging markets such as Africa and India, while they have achieved a high market share in Africa and India, companies will continue to develop their technology development, branding, markets if they are unable to sustain technological innovation in their products, continuously improve product quality and service levels.
Increased investment in extension, after-sales services, supply chain management, etc., may face the risk of loss of customer capital and a decline in market share.
During the reporting period, the rapid growth in the size of the company’s operations and the rapid expansion of the company’s output and sales have created a higher demand for the company’s organizational structure, management system, and management talent. In the future, companies will not be able to innovate in a timely manner in the way they manage to adapt to their rapid size.
The need for rapid expansion may involve risks such as reduced competitiveness and higher operating costs. The risk that technological innovation will not meet market demand, and with the rapid development of Internet technology and mobile communication technologies, mobile phones have become simple.
Mobile communication tools have been transformed into a multifunctional combination of electricity and consumer goods, such as communications, commerce, and entertainment. Overall, the upgrading cycle in the mobile phone industry has been shrinking, placing greater demands on the R&D power of firms in the industry and on the speed of market responses.
The use of technology or the publication of a new product may trigger a new consumption trend and have a very significant impact on the pattern of market competition for mobile phone products. If companies do not continue to invest in R & D resources in the future in new materials research, technological innovation, technological innovation, etc.
Keeping technology up-to-date and responding rapidly to markets could lead to a decline in sales of corporate products, so there is a risk that corporate business performance will not meet market demand with technological innovation. Corporate mobile phone products are sold all overseas, and the marketing regions are concentrated in Africa, South Asia, and South Asia.
Global emerging market countries, such as South-East Asia, where companies sell abroad mainly in foreign currencies, such as the United States dollar, and the corresponding companies hold foreign currency assets and liabilities, such as the United States dollar. Thus, during the reporting period, exchange gains and losses on business performance were affected by the volatility of foreign currencies, such as the United States dollar, against the renminbi.
All of the company’s mobile phone products are exported abroad, with multiple distributors abroad, with major sales areas covering more than 70 countries, including Africa, South Asia, South-East Asia, the Middle East, and South America. For mobile phone products, the overall political situation in the country is stable and usually non-restrictive.
Policy regulation or prohibition, but due to differences in the political environment, social environment, level of economic development, fiscal and trade policies of emerging market countries or regions. Different countries or regions have different levels of import tariffs, product certification, local investment ratios, etc.
If the laws and regulations, industrial policies or the political and economic environment of the country or region in which the offshore operation takes place, or because of international relations, are tense, war-like.
Unforeseen factors, such as competition, trade sanctions or other force majeure, and the company ' s lack of adaptation to the regulatory environment in many countries and regions, the establishment of an effective offshore subsidiary control system or inadequate internationalized management capacity will have a negative impact on the company ' s productive operations.
5.1 A comparative analysis of the valuations of companies that are comparable to the industry, p.p.b., with a view to the structure of the company ' s products, market position and competitive patterns in the industry, identifies three stars, apples, tiles, millet as competitors and comparable companies.
In addition, any part of my remuneration has not been, is not, will not be, and will not be, the specific recommendations or observations in this report.
The point is directly or indirectly relevant, and the company is qualified as a securities investment consulting business.