On December 29, 2021, the Conference on the Development of the Constellation of the Constellation was held at the headquarters of the company, with the participation of the company's management.
▪ Created a v99 coalition, v series accelerated release, v series received 120 per cent of the same increase in the first three quarters v series, or 10.7 per cent, v series steadily released, V series products being an important part of the company's 10 billion-dollar goal.
So far, the company has formed a v99 consortium, selected from the provincial and extra-provincial priority markets v as distributors, based on the principle of voluntary membership, and in principle on the selection of one to three members of each local municipality in the province, with a ceiling of 99 members, with the first eligible participants.
The members of the v99 consortium will participate in the V series marketing system, modeling and strategy development, benefit from core market priority policy support, company one-on-one market guidance, v9 industry point-to-point service, and the v9 league.
We believe that the members of the v99 consortium will be an important vehicle in the company v series.  High-quality entry into 2022 to implement the “13445” approach
Currently, the company focuses on a system of deep control, a three-way strategy, a three-stage model, etc., which provides intellectual policy awareness, cost budget support, a study of the dynamics of the present world (603369): v series.
In 2022, corporate marketing will implement the “13445” approach: “1” which is focused on quality and new cross-fertilization of forces. “3” refers to a three-fold approach, highlighting differences, alienating, building core competitiveness, working on high-end, taking advantage of the new course of competition, plus
It's fast enough to make a breakthrough. "4" refers to industry confidence, brand confidence, quality confidence, and development confidence. "4" refers to deepening the four battles: 1) steadfastness, investing in the v9 brand, pushing it to the top, selling it, first.
v9 followed by v; 2) mass extension, continuous hard-wired basic disks, magnification, placard heat, improved control system, continued progress in subdistrict farming; 3) distinctive features to enhance the effectiveness of the branding of the present world; 4) multiplicity and acceleration
“5” refers to the strengthening of five guarantees and the upgrading of marketing organizations.
Increased market input, deeper process reforms, enhanced business excellence, improved equity incentives are expected to accelerate the landing of the future, with three main visions for the future of the company: first, v series target of 10 billion over the next 10 years, v3 and
Competing m6 + pre-carat 600-7000 price bands; second, the South Sudan 1450 Plan is expected to be close to 4 billion, with greater potential for growth in the future; third, 1455 Planning Province, with more than 20 per cent out-of-office expansion as a mandatory option for companies to open up the ceiling.
With the long triangle at its center, we'll speed up the formation of a strategic block; and with Kyawjin, Hiro.
The focus areas of East, Jiangxi, Hunan and Hubei are at the centre, fostering priority markets; Local market development is based on an interactive approach to the development of city and district markets, and district market development is based on “the law of focus.” Outside the province, the breakthrough follows “a comprehensive plan, a priority breakthrough, a week”
Regional outreach strategy "Ride Radiation, Elevator Development." We continue to look at the nationality system, which continues to improve the structure of the product as compared to the continuous upgrading of the product, and the v series, which looks at the company's new power engine, and the long-term opportunity to follow Soo Wine to build the perimeter, which is expected to be 2021-
The macroeconomic downside risks, the epidemic is driving consumption, growth is not as high as expected, v series growth is not as high as expected, and out-of-country expansion is not as high as expected.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, collection of hot beverage plates, in-depth study of the white and wine industry, etc.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or not for, the specific submissions or opinions contained in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.