"V series power engines, equity incentives accelerate landings, recommend (for the first time) a steady increase in three quarters and a steady increase in profitability.
One billion yuan (+29 per cent) and 1.702 billion yuan (+31 per cent). Of that amount, 2,021q3 won $369 million (+29 per cent). Based on the performance of the previous three quarters, we believe that the company ' s structure has been optimized throughout the year, and we expect the national series to rise to 80 per cent left.
▪ The product structure continues to be optimized, and the core products perform well for the first time in a single quarter since 2018q3 at a slower rate than the tera category, which we believe is due to the growth of the tera+ category of national products affected by the Nanjing epidemic in August.
Income in the province of 2021q3 was 1.376 billion yuan (+15 per cent), of which the Lui An Region received the impact of the August outbreak in Nanjing; the South Sudan Region received 232 million yuan (+24 per cent), the Central Su Region 152 million yuan (+22 per cent) and the Salt City Region 175 million yuan.
(+7 per cent); 145 million yuan (+37 per cent) for the Huaihai region, and the Sunan and Huaihai regions are expected to become new growth poles; 104 million V series for the 202iq3 province outside, with a focus on adverts v9, v3 and bid m6+ for 600-800.
At the lower end of the price line, the price belt is expected to accelerate in the future. Equity incentives are expected to accelerate down, and the future company will have three main visions: first, v series target of 10 billion over the next 10 years, v3 and V3.
Competing m6 + pre-carat 600-7000 price bands; second, the South Sudan 1450 Plan is expected to be close to 4 billion, with greater potential for growth in the future; third, 1455 Planning Province, with more than 20 per cent out-of-office expansion as a mandatory option for companies to open up the ceiling.
With the long triangle at its center, we'll speed up the formation of a strategic block; and with Kyawjin, Hiro.
The focus areas of East, Jiangxi, Hunan and Hubei are at the centre, fostering priority markets; Local market development is based on an interactive approach to the development of city and district markets, and district market development is based on “the law of focus.” Outside the province, the breakthrough follows “a comprehensive plan, a priority breakthrough, a week”
Regional outreach strategy "Ride Radiation, Elevator Development." We continue to look at the nationality system, which continues to improve the structure of the product as compared to the continuous upgrading of the product, and the v series, which looks at the company's new power engine, and the long-term opportunity to follow Soo Wine to build the perimeter, which is expected to be 2021-
Subtract macroeconomic risks, epidemic consumption, growth below expectations, v series growth below expectations, out-of-country expansion, etc.
Sun Shansan: Master of Economics, four years of food and beverage sellers ' experience, full coverage of the food and beverage industry, collection of hot beverage plates, in-depth study of the white and wine industry, etc.
I do not receive any form of compensation, either directly or indirectly, for, or not for, the specific submissions or opinions contained in this report.
This report is produced by Chinese securities only for customers of Chinese securities. The Department does not consider the recipient to be a customer for the purpose of receiving the report.
Objective, impartial, but the information in the report and the views expressed do not constitute the basis for the bid or request for quotations for the sale of the securities in question, which do not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the persons obtaining the report, and do not at any time constitute a personal recommendation to any person.
The information and opinions contained in this report should be evaluated independently, taking into account their respective investment purposes, financial circumstances and specific needs, and consulting with professional consultants on financial, legal, commercial, tax and other matters as necessary.