The epidemic caused short-term disturbances, which led to a sustained increase in deep farming, which was 29.33 per cent over the previous year; of this, 2,482 million, or 15.76 per cent, was generated by operating income from 21q3, which was 15.76 per cent over the same period. The epidemic affected the recovery rate, and the fall in cost inputs released profits.
\triangleright, and Nanjing is the largest market in the province. July/August, Nanjing has a more severe epidemic.
Missing, resulting in the same decline in Nanjing’s revenues, affecting the company’s three-quarter growth rate. And product consolidation, upgrading and short-term declines in cost inputs have enabled the company to perform better at the profit end. 21q3 Māori has a 78.48% increase of 1.7 pct over the same period, mainly due to further upgrading of the product structure and the replacement of the product structure.
As a rule, taxes and charges are paid in advance; the sales rate is 18.42 per cent, a decrease of 6.26 pct over the same period, which is mainly the pace of spending on the impact of the epidemic on companies in the third quarter; the management rate is 4.17 per cent, an increase of 0.11 pc over the same period; and the net profit rate is 24.56 per cent, an increase of 1.6 pct over the same period.
The company's sales return of $5.98 billion in the first three quarters is more generous and maintains a good business relationship with the distributors than the growth of the company \triangleright. At the end of the third quarter, the company received advance payments.
861 million dollars, with an increase of 213 million ring dollars, will create a reservoir that will guarantee the release of four quarters and next year’s openings. The 21q3 company has a positive net cash flow of 710 million dollars and a healthy cash flow.
\triangleright yields 68.38% of products at more than $300, an increase of 0.44 pct, the highest in history.
The share of out-of-town income has increased slightly.
There has been a decline; the South and Central African regions have been repurchased for a long time since the Great Re-selling in 2020, and this year the world's future (603369): revenue has increased at a provincially leading rate since slightly ahead of schedule: the expansion of the Xiaohai region along the Suluj border, together with the expansion of the Xiaohai region outside the province.
It's still growing at a higher rate.
\triangleright’s effect is gradually becoming apparent, with a strong consumer base in the lower end of the price belt, accompanied by sub-high end expansion and rising consumption within the province, and the company is expected to further increase the v series’s market share at around $600.
Kinda Securities Co. Ltd., KindaSecuritiesco., Ltd., $ 2.42, maintains a “buy-in” rating of the company.
House No. 1 of 9 Downtown West Side, Beijing. Risk factors: rising competition in the province; out-of-town market openings are not as good as expected.
In Shenzhen, the National Commission for Land Planning conducted a study on the evaluation of the real estate tax base (National Social Fund) focusing on macro, real estate, and fiscal issues.
The component is not relevant, is not relevant, and will not be directly or indirectly related to the specific analysis or views contained in this report. Sindha Securities Inc. (hereinafter “Sindard Securities”) has the CVM-approved qualification for portfolio investment consultancy.
The present report is an exclusive research product for clients who have signed service agreements with Sinda securities and provides support and reference to investment decisions for this category of clients. The report is provided only to the specific clients mentioned above and is not intended for public publication. The latter will not be considered as the company's report based on publicly available information deemed reliable by the latter, but the latter does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in the report.
The projections are only for the perspective and judgement of the date of the initial presentation of the present report, the price, value and investment income of the securities or investment subject matter referred to in the present report may fluctuate to varying degrees, and historical performance with respect to the securities or investment subject matter should not be used as a guarantee of future performance. Different perspectives and analytical methods are used at different times, or as a result of the use of different assumptions and criteria, resulting in studies that are inconsistent with the observations, assessments and projections contained in the present report, for which no special notice may be issued.