A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of China Merchants Bank
Midea Group (000333 CH)
BUY (Maintain)
Prudent sales and rosy margins for 2H19E
Target Price
RMB64.96
(Previous TP
RMB62.65)
Up/Downside
+19.8%
Midea reported exceptional market shares gain in 1H19, thanks to its technology
Current Price
RMB54.21
break-through in A.C and multi-brand strategy. Given a better raw material price
and currency trend, we are more positive on 2H19E NP growth. Hence, we
maintain BUY and raised TP to RMB 64.96, based on 16x FY20E P/E (rolled over
China Home Appliance Sector
from 18x FY19E), or 1.1x PEG.
Walter Woo
1H19 net profit up 17%, slight beat. Midea's net profit rose 17% YoY to RMB
15.2bn, inline with CMBI and 2% above BBG's est. Sales growth was 8%,
inline. The beat was aided mainly by robust GP margin expansion, jumping by
2.3ppt to 29.5% in 1H19 (vs 27.2% in 1H18), thanks to: 1) falling raw material
costs (copper -6%, aluminum -5% and steel -8%, etc), Midea benefited more
Stock Data
vs peers due to its high self-production rate, 2) favorable FX (CNY -5% YTD),
and 3) Midea's multi-brand strategy (launch of high-end positioned COLMO in
Oct 2018 and Midea PRO series in Mar 2019, internet brand BUGU/ 布谷 in
Mar 2019 and brand targeting youth WAHIN/华凌 in 2019). However, due to
Source: Bloomberg
greater A&P and R&D expenses, NP margin only increased by 0.8ppt to 9.9%.
■ Exceptional achievement (esp. on A.C.) in 1H19. Despite a ~4% drop in
Shareholding Structure
A.C industry sales, Midea's A.C sales surged by ~12% YoY in 1H19 (market
share climbed to 27%/30% on offline/inline in 1H19, vs 25%/23% in 2018). We
attribute such impressive results to its innovations (e.g. more products
equipped with the "windless" technology, winning the 2019 AWE Epland Gold
Award). Washing machines/ Refrigerator/ small appliances sales growth were
\sim6%/\sim10%/\simlow-single digit in 1H19, vs industry growth of \sim3%/\sim-1%/\sim5%.
Prudent sales and rosy margins for 2H19E. The Company targets a 5-10%
Share Performance
sales growth in FY19E and expects a GP margin expansion plus a faster
growth for net profit. A.C. sales growth slowed down to ~10% in Jul/Aug 2019,
according to management. However, in our view, that should not be a worry
as margin should continue to improve given softening raw material prices and
highly healthy level of channel inventory, at ~5-6mn units (vs industry's ~20-
Source: Bloomberg
30mn). Also, we see potential upsides from export business's GP margin
12-mth Price Performance
since CNY had already further depreciated vs USD in 2H19E. KUKA sales
missed in 1H19 but management suggested a better 2H19E, for both sales
and EBITDA margin.
Maintain BUY and raised TP to RMB 64.96 (20% upside). Our new TP is
based on 16x FY20E P/E (rolled over from 18x FY19E). We lifted
FY19E/20E/21E's net profit by 1.9%/1.1%/0.2%, to factor in: 1) better A.C.
sales, 2) declining raw material costs and currency rate and 3) greater R&D
expenses. The counter now trades at 15x/ 13x FY19E/ 20E P/E with 2.6%
forward yield.
Source: Bloomberg
Auditor: PricewaterhouseCoopers
Related Reports
Midea Group (000333 CH): Diversified
portfolio with effective incentives - 28 Jun
Focus Charts
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: NBS, CMBIS estimates
Source: China IOL, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: China IOL, CMBIS estimates
Source: China IOL, CMBIS estimates
Source: China IOL, CMBIS estimates
Source: China IOL, CMBIS estimates
60,000 (CNY/metric tonne)
Source: Company data, Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Figure 21: China steel price
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Results Summary
Earnings revision
Source: Company data, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Assumption
Valuation
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Source: Bloomberg, CMBIS estimates
Financial Summary
Disclosures & Disclaimers
Analyst Certification
The research analyst who is primary responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to the securities
or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about the subject securities
or issuer; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific views expressed by that analyst
in this report.
Besides, the analyst confirms that neither the analyst nor his/her associates (as defined in the code of conduct issued by The Hong Kong Securities
and Futures Commission) (1) have dealt in or traded in the stock(s) covered in this research report within 30 calendar days prior to the date of issue
of this report; (2) will deal in or trade in the stock(s) covered in this research report 3 business days after the date of issue of this report; (3) serve
as an officer of any of the Hong Kong listed companies covered in this report; and (4) have any financial interests in the Hong Kong listed companies
covered in this report.
CMBIS Ratings
BUY
: Stock with potential return of over 15% over next 12 months
HOLD
: Stock with potential return of +15% to -10% over next 12 months
SELL
: Stock with potential loss of over 10% over next 12 months
NOT RATED
: Stock is not rated by CMBIS
OUTPERFORM
: Industry expected to outperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
MARKET-PERFORM
: Industry expected to perform in-line with the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
UNDERPERFORM
: Industry expected to underperform the relevant broad market benchmark over next 12 months
CMB International Securities Limited
CMB International Securities Limited ("CMBIS") is a wholly owned subsidiary of CMB International Capital Corporation Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary
of China Merchants Bank)
Important Disclosures
There are risks involved in transacting in any securities. The information contained in this report may not be suitable for the purposes of all investors.
CMBIS does not provide individually tailored investment advice. This report has been prepared without regard to the individual investment objectives,
financial position or special requirements. Past performance has no indication of future performance, and actual events may differ materially from
that which is contained in the report. The value of, and returns from, any investments are uncertain and are not guaranteed and may fluctuate as a
result of their dependence on the performance of underlying assets or other variable market factors. CMBIS recommends that investors should
independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to consult with a professional financial advisor in order to
make their own investment decisions.
This report or any information contained herein, have been prepared by the CMBIS, solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of
CMBIS or its affiliate(s) to whom it is distributed. This report is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security
or any interest in securities or enter into any transaction. Neither CMBIS nor any of its affiliates, shareholders, agents, consultants, directors, officers
or employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense whatsoever, whether direct or consequential, incurred in relying on the information
contained in this report. Anyone making use of the information contained in this report does so entirely at their own risk.
The information and contents contained in this report are based on the analyses and interpretations of information believed to be publicly available
and reliable. CMBIS has exerted every effort in its capacity to ensure, but not to guarantee, their accuracy, completeness, timeliness or correctness.
CMBIS provides the information, advices and forecasts on an "AS IS" basis. The information and contents are subject to change without notice.
CMBIS may issue other publications having information and/or conclusions different from this report. These publications reflect different assumption,
point-of-view and analytical methods when compiling. CMBIS may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent
with the recommendations or views in this report.
CMBIS may have a position, make markets or act as principal or engage in transactions in securities of companies referred to in this report for itself
and/or on behalf of its clients from time to time. Investors should assume that CMBIS does or seeks to have investment banking or other business
relationships with the companies in this report. As a result, recipients should be aware that CMBIS may have a conflict of interest that could affect
the objectivity of this report and CMBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. This report is for the use of intended recipients only
and this publication, may not be reproduced, reprinted, sold, redistributed or published in whole or in part for any purpose without prior written
consent of CMBIS.
Additional information on recommended securities is available upon request.
For recipients of this document in the United Kingdom
This report has been provided only to persons (I)falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005 (as amended from time to time) ("The Order") or (II) are persons falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) ("High Net Worth Companies,
Unincorporated Associations, etc..) of the Order, and may not be provided to any other person without the prior written consent of CMBIS.
This report is intended for distribution in the United States to "major US institutional investors", as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the US, Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, and may not be furnished to any other person in the United States. Each major US institutional investor that receives a copy
of this research report by its acceptance hereof represents and agrees that it shall not distribute or provide this research report to any other person.
For recipients of this document in Singapore
This report is distributed in Singapore by CMBI (Singapore) Pte. Limited (CMBISG) (Company Regn. No. 201731928D), an Exempt Financial Adviser
as defined in the Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) of Singapore and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. CMBISG may distribute
reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of
the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or
an Institutional Investor, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) of Singapore, CMBISG accepts legal responsibility for the contents
of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact CMBISG at +65 6350 4400 for matters arising
from, or in connection with the report.