q3 short-term performance pressure, car-borne mcu progressing brightly — three-quarter report review report by 603986.sh. Quick innovation release of three-quarter 2022 report: camp achievement in the first three quarters of 2022.
Business income of $6,769 million, an increase of 6.94 per cent from the previous year, net return profits of the mother  q3 performance short-term pressure, weak demand end.
The company’s financial costs have declined significantly. In the main business, the company’s operations in the third quarter have declined by some $470 million in revenues from chip storage, about $900 million in revenues from microcontrols, and about $900 million in sensors.
The same-year reduction of about $900 million is mainly due to weak downstream demand.  domestic storage chip taps, dram-led operations continue to grow high 1) noorflash flash stocks, company gd25 products are fully compliant with car regulations
The aec-q100 certification, which was also approved by gd55 for a 2gb large volume product, is fully lined up to 2m~2gb for the public sector spinorflash standard product, which provides the market with a national product for car production and flash stocks.
The full range of products has been produced and is moving forward with the 45nm process development. 2) Nandflash. The company gd5f series spinand38nm and 24nm have a full-scale product of 1gb~4gb. The voltage covers 1.8v and 1.8v and 24nm.
3.3v Two product series providing traditional parallel interfaces and new spi interfaces. 38nmslncnandflash rules have been introduced in the public domain, with a spinorflash, providing more opportunities to enter the car market. 3) dram side
The company’s first branded dram product (19nm, 4gb) was produced in June 2021, and its first product, 17ndddr3, is currently moving forward as planned. The company will continue to invest in other products in the 17nm process.
On September 20, the company announced the release of the first item based on the core of Cortex-m33.
gd32a503 series of car regulation microcontrols, officially entering the car regulation mcu market, using advanced car regulation technology platforms, following the design concept and production standards and meeting high reliability and stability requirements for vehicle use.
The gd32mcu product has successfully produced 37 large product series, more than 450 mccu products, and the company, while providing a rich product series to the market, provides high-quality, easily localized support services to global clients in a network of services that is spread both within and outside the country.
Card value has been rising, with more than 1 billion shipments accumulated over nine years, demonstrating the power of the public sector in the mcu market. The company has published and is working on the mcu product, covering armécortex-m3, m4, m23, m33, high arithmetic m7, which is also global.
The first 32 generic mcu products that are launched and produced in quantities based on the risc-v core have a competitive advantage in the market for similar products. In the process, the company ' s products currently cover 110 nm, 55 nm, 40 nm, 22 nm processes and are leading the industry.
In terms of product structure, the firm industry, the automobile sector are growing rapidly, high-level areas are rising steadily, and the company's mcu business performance will continue to grow.
The generation of indispensable ic design firms, looking at the long-term growth of companies, predicting the downside risks of the industry, the pace of product R & D less than expected, the competition of industries to increase the risks, the risk of overseas policy changes, etc.
Introduction by Electronics Group Mao Jianxian: Master of Materials, University of Gangan, three years of American semiconductor listing experience, participation in a global advanced process for leading semiconductor manufacturers, five years of experience in commodity portfolio development, employment in 2018-2020
Liu Xing: Master of Arts in Integrated Circuit Design at Nanyang University of Technology, Singapore, formerly set up in the Chinese Science and Technology Academy of the Ministry of Science and Technology of the Republic of Hong Kong, Chi Ying Yi: Bachelor of Arts in Electronic Engineering, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, a combination of electronics and finance, reflects my research views. I am not, and will not be, driven by the specifics of this report.
In the 12 months following the reporting date, it is projected that a stock or industry index will be compared to the main indicators of the relevant securities market.
Based on a three-board index (for the subject matter of the agreement transfer) or a three-board market index (for the subject matter of the market transfer): Hong Kong market is based on a consistent index: the United States market is based on the Dow Jones index.
The Division does not consider the recipient to be a client because of the receipt of this report, is reliable, but does not provide any assurance as to the accuracy and completeness of the information.
The basis for the price, which does not take into account the specific investment purpose, financial situation and specific needs of the person obtaining the report, does not at any time constitute an individual recommendation to any person. Investors should make an independent assessment of the information and opinions contained in this report, taking into account their respective investment purposes and financial circumstances.
If you need to consult with a professional consultant on financial, legal, commercial, and tax matters, as necessary.