Wang Wei Chul, the net profit of 2017h1 is 48% higher than expected.
Of these, q2 achieved business income of $39.990 billion, yoy+60.0 per cent, a net gain of $5.44 billion, yoy+67.7 per cent, an increase of 37.5 per cent over the previous year. Multiple factors contributed to the growth of goods and the high prices of raw materials, affecting the Māori rate: the company ' s 2002 harvest was strong.
On the one hand, the base period was low for the same period in the past year (2016q2 battalion, yoy-5.8 per cent); on the other hand, after the channel stock had fallen to a reasonable level, this summer and three or four lines of real estate sales to air-conditioning sales led to higher stock replenishments by distributors and higher sales by firms.
This increase is expected to be largely influenced by the rise in raw materials, with corporate Māori rates falling by 4.1 per cent to 32.8 per cent on a year-on-year basis, as a result of the expansion of sales costs and the distribution of management costs.
Short-term performance will continue to increase at a higher rate, and long-term performance will increase robustly: we believe that this year’s hot summer and reasonable levels of air conditioning pipeline stock will continue to stimulate downstream dealers to take delivery. According to industry online, sales in the air-conditioning industry increased by 72% in July 2017, compared to 67% in June.
And in the medium-to-long term, we believe that, as urbanization progresses, there is still room to upgrade our air conditioning holdings, and as household electricity consumption rises, some upgrades are expected to take place.
In addition, the company will benefit from opening new growth points by signing a cooperation agreement with Silverstone. Taken together, these three factors will support the company's AC sales profit forecast and investment proposal: because the company's performance is better than expected, we raise the company's profits.
The Division's short-term performance will continue to grow rapidly, with the current valuation being at a lower level of a share market, higher dividends, and a gap in the 20-fold valuation of the mature air conditioning pole of the larger gold industry, and we continue to maintain the “buy-in” investment proposal.
The report is prepared by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., and the investments made by Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the investment services provided by Group Credit Certificates (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients. The report cannot be reproduced or reissued or printed in whole or in part for any purpose.