A strong industry leader and a steady increase in profitability. G. Electrics (000651) 2017 semi-annual reports net profits of shareholders in listed companies of $9,452 million, an increase of 47.64 per cent over the same period; net profits of $9,004 million after deduction of non-recurring gains and losses, the same amount.
The firm’s growth in financial and intellectual growth in the east was robust, and the industry was strong. During the reporting period, the company continued to improve its competitiveness with its product and user focus. 20.17 billion yuan, an increase of 47.64 per cent over the same period. Among these, in the first half of 2017, the GLAC ranked the central air conditioner in the country at 18.1 per cent of its market share.
The market is first, and it is also the sixth largest connection since 2012. Strengthened self-innovation, with client satisfaction at the top. Companies insist on self-innovation, guided by customer demand, and developed -35°C cooler \triangleright
User satisfaction assessments conducted by the China Quality Association and the National Board of Users in 2016 for the national electricity industry show that the country’s product plate is more competitive in 2016.
Market demand is strong and profitability is rising steadily. Benefiting from the same-year low base and high demand for stock and end demand, the sales of glycerine continued to grow at a high rate during the first half of 2017.
The net interest rate of the company has not been decreasing. At the same time, there is a clear trend towards an accelerated increase in household electricity consumption, a steady increase in corporate profitability and the prospect of continued growth of the city's share.
G.G.E. is the world's largest international air-conditioning producer, with two major brands: G.S., Tosot, the main household air-conditioning, central air conditioning, aero-energy water heaters, appliances, industrial products, mobile phones, etc. Globally, G.E. has products such as Pearl Hai, Chongqing, Brazil, Pakistan, etc.
At the top of 11 production bases, with more than 70,000 employees, air-conditioning production is the world’s top priority, with well-equipped and complete industrial chains. So far, 20 categories of products, including domestic air-conditioning, commercial air-conditioning, 400 series, and more than 12,700 variety specifications have been developed, and complete product lines meet the general and individualized needs of customers at different levels.
The source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wealth and wisdom in the East, the source of wisdom in the East, the source of financial intelligence in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth and prosperity in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East, the source of wealth in the East.
The industry prize is the top ten prizes (seventh place) for excellent combinations.
There is no guarantee of the accuracy or completeness of this information, nor of the information and advice contained therein.
Any changes. We have tried to be objective and impartial in reporting, but the points, conclusions and recommendations in the text are for information only. The information or observations in the report do not constitute a bid or bid for the said securities, and any investment decisions made by investors on that basis are not relevant to the company and the author.
My company and its affiliated institutions may hold and make available securities issued by the companies mentioned in the report, or may offer or seek to provide related services such as investment banks, financial consultants or financial products for these companies.