National gold foliage, glycerine (000651.sz) with more than expected performance, air conditioner sparkling.
Long-term competitiveness rating: higher than industry average Company base (Yoy+48%) with net profit of RMB 90.004 billion (Yoy+28%) deducted from the parent.
Income from 17q1 and net profit from parentage increased by 20 per cent and 27 per cent, respectively, and income from 17q2 and net profit from motherhood increased at a rate that was expected and air conditioning was or will be sustained: in the first half of the year, GAC sales increased by 30.14 per cent on a year-on-year basis, and access to replenished stocks and a strong lead position were the main causes of high income growth.
In January-June, the air conditioner sales were equal to +47 per cent, with an increase in market occupancy of 1.9 pct. In view of the fact that the pipeline stock has remained largely empty + three or four lines of property with support + accelerated release of demand for renewal, we are adding to the new cold year.
The banks remain optimistic, and companies are expected to maintain a higher rate of revenue growth in the second half of the year. Cost control responds to cost pressures, with performance rising faster than expected: the increase in raw material prices leads to a 3.8-31.9 per cent decrease in the Māori rate compared to the lower of the year, with a 2.6 per cent decrease in the same rate, with the financial cost rate rising in relation to the same period.
2. “Performance growth exceeds expectations, re-innovation is high - 6.6 pct) and management cost rates (-1.5 pct) show a similar decline. Overall, corporate net profits. Profited pool-driven performance is reasonably released: reported advance payments and other current liabilities are reported on a quarterly basis.
A narrow ring, revenue recognition, and a relatively relaxed cost forecast drive 17q2 performance is a reasonable release. Public-currency funds remain above $100 billion, with continued high-scoring and risk-resistant capabilities.
The new cold-year air-conditioning replenishment stock is relatively optimistic, and the elasticity of the power appliances is high; in the medium and long term, the scarcity of high-valued red values is worth long-line investment. The net profits of the power appliances are projected for 2017-19, respectively.
Weili1@gjzq.com.cn Hong Qui-yun. Diversity strategy uncertainties remain; real estate sales fall short of expectations.
An analysis of the relevant report rating ratios in the market is followed by an average calculation of the final rating, which is used as an average market investment. The long-term competitiveness rating focuses on the fundamentals of the enterprise and assesses the combined competitiveness of the company over the next two years against the average value of the listed company in the industry.
Note on the calculation of the optimized market rate: In the calculation of the optimized market rate of the industry, after the deduction of all lost shares in the industry, prior years were calculated by dividing the total market value of the closing stock at the end of the year from the total net profit of the current year ' s shares, and the total market value of the closing stock at the date on which the report was provided was expected to be collected at the date of the transaction, from the total net profit of the previous year ' s stock.