The company ' s earnings have been of good quality for many years and have continued to increase by 48%. Of this amount, q2 earned 39,985 million yuan, a 60% increase in the same year; q2 earned a net profit of $5,444 million, a 67.7% increase in the same year. q2 air conditioners received a larger increase than q1. q3 air conditioners
The net interest rate on sales is rising year by year, and the company’s returns are of good quality. In the first half of the year, the company’s Māori sales rate followed the trend of 31.94 per cent, but the net interest rate on sales is in a clear upward path, with the net interest rate on sales reaching 2017h1.
13.74 per cent, up from the same period in the following calendar year, while the share of the cost of a company has been lower year by year, while the advantages of the company ' s pricing authority have been clear, indicating the quality of the company ' s output, the high frequency of the company ' s dividends and the larger share of the cash. Since its listing in 1996, the company has achieved a 19-time share.
The company’s central air-conditioning city is in the top position. Industry online shows 2017h1, and the overall market for central air-conditioning is sold.
For 42,371 million yuan, or 20,54% of the increase, the output line-wide growth has been sustained. The gravity central air conditioner is ranked first in 18.1% of the undistributed profits per share, and continues to rank first in the multi-year central air conditioner sales.
The whole range of heating products at different latitudes and in different use settings has brought technological innovations and security to winter heating. The coal conversion policy is being vigorously pursued and will facilitate a rapid increase in the market share of central air conditioning.
Companies are the leading players in the air-conditioning industry, industry poles, and sales for many years have been in the forefront of the industry, with stronger pricing and voice rights in the industry. Companies have a high rate of bonus, a high number of dividends, and shareholder interests are valued.
Shanxi Securities Co. Ltd. Risks: persistently high temperatures in the cold year and volatile prices of raw materials