Glycerines (000651.sz) Households with a white household iii. Industry with a higher expected sales volume. Air conditioning taps perform well.
The net profit of the East rose by 47.64% from the previous quarter. The company earned 29,682 million yuan and 39,503 million yuan in the first and second quarters respectively, a significant increase from 20.46% in the first quarter to the second quarter, despite a significant increase of $1.86 billion in exchange losses and a significant increase in the financial cost rate of 5.76 pct, as a result of this increase.
The air-conditioning market is better than expected, with company sales rates falling significantly from 6.85 pct to 12.34 per cent over the year, and management costs from 1.55 pct to 4.17 per cent (-1.55 pct). The company ' s net return profits for the first and second quarters increased by 27.05 per cent and 67.70 per cent, respectively, and performed well. Thus, despite the price increases for raw materials, the company ' s Māori rate is higher.
A decline of 3.75 pct to 31.94 per cent over the same period, resulting from a 0.63 pcc net interest rate increase in the air-conditioning industry, which benefited the industry giants, up from six years: the impact of air-conditioning replenishments, increased demand for the post-real estate cycle, consumption-led, wire-driven and up-to-60-day heat stimulus.
The air-conditioning industry was not cold in 2017, with unexpected surges. According to the overall data, the retail and retail size of the air-conditioning market was 557.2 million units and $19.6 billion, respectively, representing an increase of 29.4 per cent and 35.4 per cent, respectively, of which the internal sales grew by 72 per cent, and the air-conditioning industry was well closed in 2017.
The first half of the year was 54.6 billion dollars in the air-conditioning business, which was too hot for the next cold year. Since the end of the shock in mid-2016, the air-conditioning industry has been at a turning point, and the first half of 2017 has been at the same time as the sales and replenishment of the stock, and the current channel bank.
The stock level is not low, although both internal sales and retail sales have been increasing at a similar rate, but the gap has narrowed in the near future to indicate that the power to replenish the stock has been inadequate. Surprisingly, the air-conditioning sales in June and July were better than expected, resulting in further digestion of the stock, so we expect the raw materials to increase their prices.
In the context of Wang Jie Ting, there is still short-term storage space, and in the short-term the increase in air conditioner sales is still supported. However, due to the impact of high sales and stock replenishments this year, the volume of cold air conditioners sales will be significantly reduced in 2018, leading companies and channels.
Businesses with lower inventories and smooth transformations will be less affected. Multiplicity of strategic layouts opens up new opportunities for growth: in the first half of the year, the company developed its business while focusing on air conditioning, and during the reporting period, the company earned $10.7 billion (+85.11%) in other business.
In order to cut into the new energy automobile industry, storage energy, and battery-making equipment, the company signed a cooperation agreement with Silver Long at Pearl Sea, where, under the same conditions, each party gives priority to purchasing each other's products and services for a total amount not exceeding $20 billion.
The company is now trading 887 million dollars in cumulative association with Silver Long, with a contract amounting to $652 million. Previously, the Panorama Network reported that Dong Myeong Ju had become the second largest shareholder, holding shares.
On 17.46 per cent, we believe that there is a greater likelihood of cooperation between Silver Long and Grigg.1 The risk of sustainability of the climate in the air-conditioning industry;2 and the risk of uncertainty in diversification strategies.