The Sancie Food Drink (60809), which is about a year-round completion rate, has picked up high growth in the fourth quarter of the year.
According to grass-roots research, parts of q3 have stopped delivery, q4 has increased delivery at a year-to-year rate, earning about $9 billion, returning to high growth rates in four quarters. Throughout the year, the round west market has won significant gains, most regions have doubled their growth, and the product structure has been significantly upgraded.
At the same time, some of the group’s low-end products are integrated, and the low-end products are growing at a much more optimistic rate. 18q4 have regained high growth, and the provincial markets are better prepared, with more optimistic growth rates, such as green flowers, old whites, and so on.
The market around the mountains is now largely closed, with the main focus on down-dwelling and tilling; but it is worth noting that the market in the provinces and around the mountain is focused on prices and terminals in the context of down-drawing industry, partial high-end liquor and sub-high-end batch prices, increased market promotion and increased competition.
In 19 years, companies have focused on markets outside the west of the mountain, with such markets as Huadong and Guangdong playing a major role, with more than a billion dollars worth of attention. Industry is still under pressure, and it will be difficult to reverse in the short term.
Continue pressure; after the 18th Spring, high-end liquor batch prices fell, little controlled premium for the 20th and 3rd quarter, increased drops during the Mid-Autumn National Days, slightly moved down after the savings, and sub-high-end batch prices also fell; by the 19th Spring, Maungye sales remained ideal, with some regional feedbacks increasing after the five-food fluid batch adjustment, but
The real test of the high-end white wine price period after the 19th Spring, the superstitious 18q1 base, the 19q1 and later the real test of the high-end white wine price system and the reporting moment. (The economy’s downfall should bring about a more visible holiday-related consumption effect + the high 18q1 base.) And, while the bourbon cycle is less well stocked than the last round, it’s not as if it was a high-end white wine price.
However, there was a marked increase in pipeline stocks compared to the period before the fourth quarter of 17 years, and it was difficult in the short term to say that the industry was in reverse, followed by continued focus on price performance and sales.
1. Shanxi wine (600809); deceleration of the growth rate; and 2. Shanxi wine (600809); and product upscaling, structural upgrading, speed of increase and profitable harvests.
Southwest Securities Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the company”) has been accredited to the Securities Investment Advisory Service as approved by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission. There are no laws or regulations that require disclosure or restrictions or silence on securities evaluated or recommended in this report, to the extent that the company and the author know it.