Hikvision | 002415 CH
U.S. Blacklist just a short term bump
On the U.S. Blacklist now, but markets were warned of this a
Outperform (maintained)
year ago
Company has actively prepared for this in order to lower the
Current price:
Target:
damage to its supply chain
RMB32.30
RMB36.00
Short term bump will not deter the rise of the world's No.1 player
(as at 8 Oct 2019)
(maintained)
in this field, maintain Outperform
Trading data
On the U.S. Blacklist now, but markets were warned of this a year ago. On
Monday this week, Hikvision, together with Dahua and six other Chinese
tech companies, were added to a US blacklist which restricts them from
buying American products/components/software/technologies. We
believe this event is not surprising to the company, its investors nor
customers, as since the very beginning of the US-China trade dispute
over a year ago, various political voices from the US had already said
that tech companies including Hikvision would be added to the blacklist.
The company has actively prepared for this in order to lower the damage
to its supply chain. Hikvision has halted trading in the last two days and
the company held an open conference call this afternoon to comment
Share price vs SHCOMP
on this issue. Over the past year, the company has worked actively to
lower their component dependence on US companies. For many
specific components like lenses, modules and chips, they have switched
to using domestic suppliers, while for certain generic components like
FPGA and storage memory, they have tried their best to shift to non-US
suppliers or developing in-house solutions. The company is also actively
diversifying its client base into developing markets like India, Vietnam
and the Philippines, and has lowered US client contribution to Hikvision's
overall revenue to a very low percentage (1-2% YTD).
No damage to its global No.1 position, maintain Outperform. As the
world's No.1 player in the video surveillance camera field with a market
share of c.30% in 2018, we believe Hikvision has the experience and
ability to continue serving their clients and will thus continue to enjoy
steady growth. The restriction from the US side will not knock Hikvision out
of the field, and we believe it will instead motivate it to enhance R&D
development and sharpen its technology, as well as enhance efforts to
maintain its supply chain security. We believe the company's
Source: Bloomberg
fundamentals remain intact and maintain our forecast for a revenue/net
profit CAGR of 17%/12% for 2018-2021F. We maintain our Outperform
rating and target price of RMB36.00, still based on 25x 2020 P/E, in-line
with its five-year average. We see any large share price correction
following this incident to be a good entry point.
Forecast and valuation
Stock performance
Source: Bloomberg
Eric Qiu, CFA
Ronnie Ho
Source: Bloomberg, CCBIS estimates
Hikvision – revenue forecast
Hikvision – core net profit and margin forecast
Source: Company data, CCBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CCBIS estimates
Hikvision – overseas revenue contribution
Hikvision – revenue percentage by segments for FY19F
Source: Company data, CCBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CCBIS estimates
Hikvision - share price vs. SZCOMP
Hikvision – five year P/E band
Source: Bloomberg, CCBIS
Source: Company data, CCBIS
Hikvision – valuation comparables
Source: Bloomberg, CCBIS estimates
Source: Company data, CCBIS estimates
Hikvision | 002415 CH – financial summary
Profit and loss
Cash flow
Source: Company data, CCBIS estimates
Rating definitions:
Outperform (O) – expected return > 10\% over the next twelve months
Neutral (N) – expected return between -10% and 10% over the next twelve months
Underperform (U) – expected return < -10% over the next twelve months
Analyst certification:
The author(s) of this document, hereby declare that: (i) all of the views expressed in this document accurately reflect his/her personal
views about any and all of the subject securities or issuers and were prepared in an independent manner; and (ii) no part of any of
his/her compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in this
document; and (iii) he/she receives no insider information/non-public price-sensitive information in relation to the subject securities or
issuers which may influence the recommendations made by him.
The author(s) of this document further confirm that (i) neither he/she nor his/her respective associate(s) (as defined in the Code of
Conduct for Persons Licensed by or Registered with the Securities and Futures Commission issued by the Hong Kong Securities and
Futures Commission) has dealt in/traded or will deal in /trade the securities covered in this document in a manner contrary to his/her
outstanding recommendation, or neither he/she nor his/her respective associate(s) has dealt in or traded in the securities covered in
business days after the date of issue of this document; (ii) neither he/she nor his/her respective associate(s) serves as an officer of any
of the companies covered in this document; and (iii) neither he/she nor his/her respective associate(s) has any financial interests in
the securities covered in this document.
Disclaimers:
This document is prepared by CCB International Securities Limited. CCB International Securities Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of
CCB International (Holdings) Limited ("CCBIH") and China Construction Bank Corporation ("CCB"), Information herein has been
obtained from sources believed to be reliable but CCB International Securities Limited, its affiliates and/or subsidiaries (collectively
"CCBIS") do not guarantee, represent and warrant (either express or implied) its completeness or accuracy or appropriateness for
any purpose or any person whatsoever. Opinions and estimates constitute our judgment as of the date of this document and are
subject to change without notice. CCBIS seeks to update its research as appropriate, but various regulations may prevent it from
doing so. Besides certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority of reports are published at irregular intervals
as appropriate according to the analyst's judgment. Forecasts, projections and valuations are inherently speculative in nature and
may be based on a number of contingencies. Readers should not regard the inclusion of any forecasts, projections and valuations in
this document as a representation or warranty by or on behalf of CCBIS that these forecasts, projections or valuations or their
underlying assumptions will be achieved. Investment involves risk and past performance is not indicative of future results. Information
in this document is not intended to constitute or be construed as legal, financial, accounting, business, investment, tax or any
professional advice for any prospective investors and should not be relied upon in that regard. This document is for informational
purposes only and should not be treated as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any products, investments, securities,
trading strategies or financial instruments of any kind in any jurisdiction. CCBIS makes no representations on the availability of the
securities covered in this document (or related investment) to the recipients. The securities described herein may not be eligible for
sale in all jurisdictions or to certain categories of investors. Neither CCBIS nor any other persons accept any liability whatsoever for any
loss or damages (whether direct, indirect, incidental, exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential) arising from any
use of this document or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith. Securities, financial instruments or strategies
mentioned herein may not be suitable for all investors. The opinions and recommendations herein do not take into account
prospective investors' financial circumstances, investment objectives, or particular needs and are not intended as recommendations
of particular securities, financial instruments or strategies to any prospective investors. The recipients of this document should consider
this document as only a single factor in marking their investment decision and shall be solely responsible for making their own
independent investigation of the business, financial condition and prospects of companies referred to in this document. Readers are
cautioned that (i) the price and value of securities referred to in this document and the income derived from them may fluctuate; (ii)
past performance is not a guide to future performance; (iii) any analysis, ratings and recommendations made in this document are
intended for long-term (at least for 12 months) and is not linked to a near-term assessment of the likely performance of the securities
or companies in question. In any event, future actual results may differ materially from those set forth in any forward-looking
statements herein; (iv) future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur; and (v) fluctuations in exchange
rates may adversely affect the value, price or income of any security or related instrument referred to in this document. It should be
noted that this document covers only those securities or companies as specified herein and does not extend to any derivative
instruments thereof, the value of which may be affected by many factors and may not correspond with the value of the underlying
securities. Trading in these instruments is considered risky and are not suitable for all investors. While all reasonable care has been
taken to ensure that the facts stated herein are accurate and that the forward-looking statements, opinions and expectations
contained herein are based on fair and reasonable assumptions, CCBIS has not been able to verify independently such facts or
assumptions and CCBIS shall not be liable for the accuracy, completeness or correctness thereof and no representation or warranty
is made, express or implied, in this regard. All pricing referred to in this document is as of the close of local market for the securities
discussed, unless otherwise stated and for information purposes only. There is no representation that any transaction can or could
have been effected at those prices, and any prices do not necessarily reflect CCBIS' internal books and records or theoretical
model-based valuations and may be based on certain assumptions. Different assumptions could result in substantially different results.
Any statements which may be contained herein attributed to a third-party represent CCBIS' interpretation of the data, information
and/or opinions provided by that third party either publicly or through a subscription service, and such use and interpretation have
not been reviewed or endorsed by the third party. Reproduction and distribution of these third party contents in any form is
prohibited except with the prior written consent of such third party. The recipients must make their own assessments of the relevance,
accuracy and adequacy of the information contained in this document and make such independent investigation as they may
consider necessary or appropriate for such purpose.
Recipients should seek independent legal, financial, accounting, business, investment and/or tax advice if they have any doubt
about the contents of this document and satisfy themselves prior to making any investment decision that such investment is in line
with their own investment objectives and horizons.
Use of hyperlinks to other internet sites or resources (if any) as referred to in this document is at users' own risk. They are provided solely
for the purpose of convenience and information and the content of these internet sites or resources does not in any way form part of
this document. The contents, accuracy, opinion expressed, and other links provided at these sites are not investigated, verified,
monitored, or endorsed by CCBIS. CCBIS expressly disclaims any responsibility for and does not guarantee, represent and warrant
(either express or implied) the completeness, accuracy, appropriateness, availability or security of information found on these
websites. Users of these websites are solely responsible for making all enquiries, investigation and risk assessment before proceeding
with any online or offline access or transaction with any of these third parties. All activities conducted by users via or at these
websites are at their own risk. CCBIS does not guarantee the security of any information users may forward or be requested to
provide to any third parties via these websites. Users are deemed to have irrevocably waived any claims against CCBIS for any loss or
damage suffered as a result of any access to or interaction with any of these websites.
Upon request CCBIS may provide specialized research products or services to certain customers focusing on the prospects for
specific securities as compared with other covered securities over varying time horizons or under differing market conditions. While
the views expressed in these situations may not always be directionally consistent with the long-term views expressed in the analyst's
published research, CCBIS has procedures in place to prevent selective disclosure and will update the relevant readers when our
views has changed. CCBIS also has procedures in place to identify and manage potential conflicts of interest that may arise in
connection with its research business and services. Chinese Wall procedures are also in place to ensure that any confidential and/or
price sensitive information is properly handled. CCBIS will use its best endeavors to comply with the relevant laws and regulations in
this respect. Nevertheless, the recipients should be aware that CCB, CCBIS, their affiliates and/or their officers, directors and
employees may do business with the issuer(s) of the securities covered in this document, including investment banking business or
direct investment business or may hold interest in (and/or later add or dispose) such securities (or in any related investment) for
themselves and/or on behalf of their clients from time to time. As a result, investors should be aware that CCBIS may have a conflict
of interest that could affect the objectivity of this document and CCBIS will not assume any responsibility in respect thereof. Further,
the information contained herein may differ or be contrary to opinions expressed by other associates of CCBIS or other members of
the CCB or CCBIH group of companies.
This document is for the information of the institutional and professional customers of CCBIS only and should not be distributed to
retail customers. This document is not directed at you if CCBIS is prohibited or restricted by any legislation or regulation in any
jurisdiction from making it available to you. You should satisfy yourself before reading it that CCBIS is permitted to provide research
material concerning investments to you and that you are permitted and entitled to receive and read the document under relevant
legislation and regulations. In particular, this document is only distributed to certain US Persons to whom CCBIS is permitted to
distribute according to US securities laws, but cannot otherwise be distributed or transmitted, whether directly or indirectly, into the US
or to any other US person. Any US person (as defined under the Exchange Act or the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended) who is a recipient of this material wishing to effect any transaction to buy or sell securities or related financial instruments
based on the information provided herein should direct such transaction exclusively to and such transaction shall be effected only
through CCB International Overseas (USA), Inc. This document also cannot be distributed or transmitted, whether directly or indirectly,
into Japan and Canada and not to the general public in the People's Republic of China (for the purpose of this document,
excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) unless under applicable laws.
Any unauthorized reproduction or redistribution by any means to any persons, in whole or in part of this document is strictly prohibited
and CCBIS accepts no liability whatsoever for the actions of third parties in distributing this research report.
If this document has been distributed by electronic transmission, such as e-mail, then such transmission cannot be guaranteed to be
secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses.
CCBIS therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this document, which may arise as a result of
electronic transmission.
The disclosures contained in this document prepared by CCBIS shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
Hong Kong.
Copyright 2019 CCBIS. The signs, logos and insignia used in this research report and the company name "CCB International Securities"
Limited" are the registered and unregistered trademarks of CCB, CCBIH and/or CCBIS. All rights are hereby reserved. All material
presented in this document, unless indicated otherwise, is under copyright to CCBIS. This document or any portion hereof may not be
reproduced, sold or redistributed without the written consent of CCBIS.
CCB International Securities Limited
12/F, CCB Tower, 3 Connaught Road, Central, Hong Kong