Shen Jia will issue an announcement that no more than 35 specific targets will be targeted to collect no more than 15 billion yuan.
With policy support, the ability of companies to finance has improved further, helping companies to operate and invest. Given the current weak willingness of residents to invest, we expect the real estate market to recover slowly.
The company issues a plan to raise no more than 15 billion yuan: on February 13, the company issued an announcement that it would raise no more than 15 billion yuan to no more than 35 specific clients. The price of this proposal is no less than 80% of the average value of the company ' s shares in the 20 trading days before the date of issuance, and it issues the bill.
Of the funds raised in this open distribution, $10.5 billion will be in China, China, Guangzhou, Chuhai, Hangzhou, Chengzhou, etc.
Eleven real estate development projects, $4.5 billion, will be used to supplement liquidity. With the support of financing policies, companies, as industry leaders, will be able to access finance at lower cost and become more competitive in future market rehabilitation.
Corporate investors as a share of the circulation a Corporate sales continue to decline in January, and the market is still recovering: in January, the company achieved sales of 1,673,000 square metres, sales amounting to $28.630 billion, sales area and sales value of yoy
The company’s average sales this month were $17113 per square metre, Mom+23.48%, yoy+1.24%. In January, the company did not add any new items.
At present, the housing market as a whole has not recovered significantly. The latest credit data show that the new RMB 257.2 billion in loans in the household sector in January, an increase of RMB 5858.8 billion, reflects the low willingness of the former residents to invest and consume.
The government continues to stimulate the real estate market in a number of ways, such as lowering the cost of home purchases and the threshold for home purchases. In January, the Central Bank and the Superintendence of Silver Insurance issued the first housing loan dynamic adjustment mechanism, which now stands at 3.8% in several cities; in addition, more provinces and cities include Shenzhen, Wuhan, Zhejiang, Shandong.
This report is prepared by the Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd., the Investments of the Group Benefit Securities (Hong Kong) Ltd. and the Investment Services provided by the Group Certificate (Hong Kong) Ltd. ... are not ... personal clients.
The information in this report has not been independently verified for audit.