1~3q23 profit growth by 27%; 3q23 profit growth by building high-end interconnections to drive industrial chain development by 21%; profitability by upscaling. 1) One quarter: 3q23 harvest \triangleright \triangleright \triangleright
Net interest rates increased by 0.2 ppt to 19.8 per cent over the same period, and corporate profitability remained at a high level.YOON’s management rate increased by 0.4 ppt to 5.6 per cent over the same period, as a result of the increase in the amortization of third-phase equity incentive costs;)
The net cash flow of the research assistant is $412 million, compared to $697 million in the same period last year. The company increased the number of research assistant Zhao Bo-hoon by 2023.
RMB; increase in the amount of services provided to units belonging to the aviation industry from $45 million to $68 million; build communities in high-end interconnection technology; actively promote the development of the PV industry chain.
A public announcement to further improve the industrial landscape, meet strategic development plans and enhance core competitiveness, with a view to increasing the focus of the project for the acquisition of land for the construction of high-end interconnected scientific and technological communities in the city of Loyang, with a view to the investment of S$01,1220,900.13,27.2 billion
The construction period is three years, with construction plans starting in October 2023 and construction in December 2025. The project is expected to yield $3.96 billion in production year.
2) On October 11th, the company's controlling subsidiary, Fusta, was granted approval by the State Finance Committee, which agreed in principle to a public release of no more than 56,318,400 shares a, raising funds and raising 1h23 profits by 29%; the South China base was operating to boost production.
The overall programme, which does not exceed $350 million in gold, agrees that China Photovoltaic power will be used to subscribe to it in cash of up to $300 million. This sub-addition will further enhance the capacity of the company to produce and deliver the radio frequency connector.
Investment proposals: The company is the leader of a special domestic connector, firmly committed to the supply of “global first-class” interconnectivity programs. Rapid growth - 2023/05/05 businesses, constantly optimizing the industrial layout and shaping new patterns of development at home and abroad. Considering the pace of downstream demand release,
The year 2022 was reported by China-China Photovoltaics (002179.sz): 22 years of record high net interest rates; new patterns of industrial development plus maintenance of a “recommended” rating, taking into account the continuing landscape of downstream demand and the competitive layout of the company's operations.
Review: 3q22 performance growth of 52 per cent; \triangleright high-speed development - 2022/10/30
The methodological and analytical logic leads to the conclusions, the independent and objective presentation of the present report, and the responsibility for its content and views. This report clearly and accurately reflects the research views of the researchers, whose findings are not directed or influenced by any third party. Researchers have not received, either directly or indirectly, the qualifications of the securities investment consulting operations licensed by the CVM, either for, or because of, or because of the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.